 These are good phones . Not to expensive , good range , good battery life . We have replaced this phone several times over the years . We carry it around the yard , in the wood shop , it gets left out and been dropped many times . Sturdy phone takes a beating and keep on talking .
 I bought two additional cordless phones because I have bought one a while ago with the base and I find it necessary to add some additional ones for my other rooms . I like the phone for having a two-line connections which I do n't have to carry two phones for my home two-lines but instead only one . I always trust the Panasonic phone products ever since I started buying phones for my home use for several years till now . It 's durable and last for a long time , aside from replacing the rechargeable battery once in while when the battery went dead . I would recommend buying this product phone to any one else .
 This is a great phone . We have been using them for years . It has a great speakerphone . Do n't take it in the swimming pool !
 is was not for me , i am clearing out my amazon reveiws so i have to put something here , glad you read this ? prolly not
 Average phone . Good quality construction . Ca n't figure out how to delete missed call message . Must hit too many buttons to call someone from your phonebook and select the phone line .
 This is probably one of the better 2-line cordless phones available -LRB- and there are n't many -RRB- . I tried the Motorola 2-line phones first , but after 2 years ALL of the LCD viewscreens were not readable . There could be an improvement in the range -LRB- especially through brick walls -RRB- in my opinion . Spead speatrum technology and phonebook sync between units is good .
 This is my 5th Panasonic KX-TGA6708 handset I have purchased ... have them all over the house ... they 're great !!
 Thi extra handset works great with my base unit and other handsets . It 's a great phone .
 The handset units can be `` echo-y '' sometimes , but I 've had that problem with other phones sometimes also so maybe it is n't the equipment . Handsets and base are good quality -LRB- not outstanding , but more than adequate -RRB- . Headset is good also . Sound quality is good . Erasing voice messages is kind of a pain , since you have to do it during playback -LRB- or at the end just before it stops telling you date/time info -RRB- . A little cumbersome to page through and I am not that fond of the design of the placement of the buttons -LRB- not very accessible -RRB- . But it works well and I am happy with it for the price .
 This phone is great . Clarity is perfect . Easy to use . Only complaint as with all digital products , the answering machine can only accept a message of a couple of minutes . In my business , I often get messages that last 5 or 10 minutes . This necessitates the caller to call back two or three times to complete the message . Other than that inconvenience , it is a super phone .
 We have owned this phone for 6 month plus now and it is the best 2-line phone that we have purchased . The reception is clear and there are a number of adjustable features . We especially like the ability to check messages from the handset , and the phone book which can be accessed through the handset is also very convenient . Our second line was originally only accessible from one room in our house , so we bought another handset that now allows us to answer both lines from everywhere in our home . It 's rare that a product I buy has almost no downsides , but this is actually one of those products.http : / / www.amazon.com/dp/B000H138HE
 I have been happy with this phone system since I used it to replace a previous Panasonic whose line-selection buttons had stopped operating . The menus are intuitive and the features are fine . I have n't activated the answering system yet , but I have received a call on it , since the phone has a default of answer on . Seemed to work well . The small form factor of the base unit was attractive to me . I needed to customize which phones and which lines rang , since I have a home office I try to close at reasonable hours , and it was possible to do that with this system .
 We purchased this extra handset for our two line phone when one of the handsets went missing . Because we need a two line phone in our home and we already had the base unit this was more economical than purchasing a brand new two line phone . The phone itself is easy to use , rugged and not too small so you can still cradle it between your chin and shoulder if need be . Thank you Amazon for hooking us up with another good purchase !
 My wife is using the base and 6 other handsets in a doggy day care . With heavy usage the numbers on the keys start to disappear . Takes about a year or so .
 Over the years we have had many 2-line phones and this has proven to be the pick of the litter . For us , it 's the right size and has the functionality we need . Pricing is a bit high for additional handsets , particularly when maxed out on the number , but worth it . We wish it had up to ten handsets and , while OK , wish the master had a bit louder speaker . Nevertheless , would buy it again and recommend it to others as a great phone .
 The ONLY issue with this phone is that the menu system could be more logical and simpler . It 's not too difficult , but I am far too used to the always top notch , best in the industry interface of Apple products . Other manufacturers could take a page from them and simplify the user interface , thereby making it more functional and faster to access the item/data you wish . On all other counts , this phone is an excellent extra -LRB- satellite -RRB- to the base station .
 We have these phones all over the shop , the basic unit has been in use about 3 years . They 're not expensive , and we have 7 of them so that we can answer from anywhere in the shop . Only comment is that occasionally the two lines get static interference or overlap . A couple years ago when it was happening frequently I disconnected all the batteries , cancelled the frequency assignments and reprogrammed , after which they 've been working reasonably fine . Sound quality on each line is good , providing there 's no inteference with the other line . They 've been dropped frequently and have survived . Last complaint/comment is that all the older phones ring tone has seriously dropped in volume . New phones are fine . Seems to be a common flaw . But , the base unit ring tone is still loud and clear .
 Needed a extra handset for our office . Set up was very easy ; however it would be nice if this model had capability to use a headset .
 Good phone , Bought as a replacement for a handset that has been in use constant for 5 years in our medical practice -LRB- our recepcionist 's handset -RRB- . Effortlessly linked it to the base , and it 's working like a charm . The replaced handpiece was just moved to another patient examination room and is still in use.A good phone , will definitively recommend it .
 These are good , functional phones . Battery life is excellent , fidelity is good , and range is decent . My major complaint
 Extra handsets are very useful for those that need 2 lines , you can use it all over the place answering or phoning .
 Purchased as an additional compatable hand set for my Panasonic home base system . Works very well as a 5th phone for my system .
 I have had the base and two handsets for a year now . I have owned other phones and had problems that ranged from noise to low distance . I have a large home with an unattached garage . My shop is about 100 ' from the base . I can use the phone without disruption anywhere in the garage or house . I have a standard phone line and a voip line . I use both on this set . You bet I would recommend this for others . I 've had nothing but good luck with it .
 I ordered the phone to add to a set already in place . The response time was truly outstanding and the product we easy to sync and put into service . THERE WERE NO PROBLEMS .
 The original phone , which I use exclusively in my home office , came with 2 handsets . Sometimes I am on the phone all day , so the 2nd handset comes in handy if I blow thru a battery.I ordered this 3rd handset as an add-on to use downstairs . The 2-line feature allows me to also answer my home phone as well as my business phone . Upon arrival , I plugged the new handset and programmed to locate the base unit -LRB- one-button -RRB- . This took all of 30 seconds . Fast , easy , powerful signal and great clarity.This phone does not come with the optional belt clip , which is about $ 1 . If you plan on using a hands-free headset -LRB- I recommend Plantronics -RRB- , the clip is a must . Panasonic 's customer service is great - they will help you locate the part -LRB- which costs more to ship than the clip itself -RRB- . Great Phone !
 I love theses phone . I bought 4 of them to use in my salon . It is so much more professional to transfer a call to stylist then to call out to her . They are very easy to use , except when I have put the handset on speaker phone , I can not get if off until I end the call . I ca n't find directions about that in manual . But I am sure I will figure that out someday.The calls are clear and easy to hear even over the hairdryers .
 Added a fourth handset to the system , originally purchased about a year ago . Absolutely no complaints . Coverage is excellent throughout the house , garage and back yard , voice quality as good as any wired phone , battery life excellent . Perhaps a little pricy , but it is a 2 line phone . I have no problem paying for a quality product .
 First Item was DOA which Amazon quickly remedied . Has been running for almost 2 years with 5 handsets in my busy house with a standard Telco line on Line1 and a VoIP provider on Line 2 for periodic working from home situations so I do n't tie up the primary line.Good sound quality as well I use a plantronics wired headset with my office unit for lengthy concalls and conversations.Originally used a 2 Line Panasonic 2.4 Ghz system KX-TGA2000 prior to this and it lasted for 5 years of great service .
 Phone works well . Because I am able to use it in a room without a phone jack , I can place it in any room in which I would like to keep a telephone . All I have to do is plug in the base . The sound may be a little less than crystal clear , but it is certainly clear enough .
 i needed to put a number of large books on an open wood shelf , the tall bookends do a great job supporting the books and the non-skid base keeps them from sliding on the wood shelf and holds the books in place ,
 Just like the old style bookends in the library . They were cheap and work great for all my daughters books .
 Great quality for the price . Non-skid bottom keeps the product from scratching our shelves . Great height for books as tall as heavy medical textbooks or as short and small as paperback novels . Much cheaper than buying at a box store . Highly recommend .
 I love the non-skid base . This is an excellent product for a great price . I needed something that would hold up large textbooks well and these do the trick !
 I purchased these bookends to use on an Ikea floating shelf . We put the shelf up in our kitchen and planned on using it to hold my quite extensive cookbook collection . I was a bit hesitant on using bookends since the shelf itself can only accomodate around 30 pounds . I settled on these since I figured they would n't add to the weight like normal bookend . They are workning and holding up my books wonderfully . Love the nonskid bottoms as well .
 These bookends are pretty heavy and do a great job of holding up the books . I bought them to help organize my books and display them nicely . I am pleased with the construction of them .
 they work great and hold my kid 's big heavy books in place ! And they do n't cratch up the shelf , which is great !
 Fine bookends , but when I went back to the page because I wanted to order again , the price actually DOUBLED.Whats up with that ??
 These bookends are awesome and I have a few pairs . Theses are able to hold up a long shelf full of heavy books without a problem . Definitely recommend .
 To be honest , when I first received these I was a little skeptical ; I was n't expecting them to be quite so short and I was worried that they would n't hold up my larger textbooks . I was quickly proven wrong , and they are great , simple bookends that are extremely good value for money .
 Hard to be ecstatic about bookends but since I have been buying a lot of books lately , it is scary when they fall off the shelf when it 's really quiet in the house . So in order to avoid broken knickknacks and unexpected bumps in the night , I purchased these bookends . They do the trick and work well with hardcover and softcover books . They 're unobtrusive and priced right .
 These work very well . They are n't anything stylish , just standard book ends for a low price . I have large text books held up by these and these seem very sturdy .
 I am using these to hold about 30 books on top of an armoire and the non-skid works great ! They are basically invisible .
 Strong and standard size . Keeps paperbacks and large bound books in place . Resembles bookends in public and business libraries . Would order a second pair .
 I bought these for large hardcover books . They are large , sturdy and definitely non-slip . They do exactly what they 're supposed to do . Great bookends .
 I ordered these because I am beginning to accumulate a lot of books , some that are kind of heavy and big . I am very glad that I did buy these . They are wonderful . Very well made , I highly recommend you purchase these , if you have any doubts , please put those reservations aside . You will be as pleased with these as I am ! Great product .
 Great bookends and comes with a thin layer of non-skid felts at the bottom . Bought for my little nephews who are still young and still into reading large books . These are about 9 inches tall , so large children 's books are no problem . Metal has some decent thickness and does n't bend much when I pressed them . Highly recommended , especially with the free shipping from Amazon .
 `` Officemate Bookends . '' comes with 2 bookends as the title suggests . What can I say about these bookends ? They work ! I have a collection of 6 text books + 5 smaller books all standing up on my dresser looking good and making me look smart . The non-skid surface can hold up to the book wiggle as you try to squeeze a new book in but not strong enough to hold back a leaning text book . Reviewing such a simple item seems like a waste of time . They work ! I do n't think you will be disappointed .
 This pair of bookends is the perfect size and weight for my cookbooks , and at a very good price . I am very pleased with my purchase for that reason , but admit I was a bit disappointed to find there is no cork or other material on the bottom to protect furniture . Since they are metal , I will need to attach felt or cork on the bottom to avoid scratching the wooden shelf I intend to put them on . Not a big deal at all , it 's just that I expected the cork as described in another review .
 I have these holding up some of my atlases and larger maps . They work the way they were meant to work . How come I could n't find this stuff in the local stores ?
 Nice high book ends which fit nicely in the library to hold the larger item notebooks and forms . Woould recommend them .
 My kids had a hard time putting their schoolbooks back on the bookshelf b/c they would always fall over and be too heavy to lift back up . These bookends slip under the books and do a great job of holding them all up even when several are removed and leave a big gap .
 I 'll buy more of this when I get more booksThis one makes my desk looks betterbut it 's little heavy and expensive ... -LRB- it 's only $ 5 from one of the sellers but the shipping is $ 5 for its weight ! -RRB-
 These bookends are great ! I have a bunch of big , heavy law books and notebooks on a fairly slippery desk surface , and these are perfect . The do not slip at all and are tall enough to provide stable support .
 These were exactly what I was looking for , and the quality is also what I needed . I looked in some discount stores in my area , but was disappointed with the flimsiness of their product .
 They work . Looking for beauty - these ai n't them . But - because they slip under a set of books - they are strong and hold your books in place .
 The engineering on this simple product is near perfect . It works as you would expect a bookend to work , every time no matter the type or weight of the book . It is simplicity itself but the thought behind its design is probably lost on many folks . When looking at it ask yourself why this , or why is this so long or so wide.Even the cork or rubber under the base aids in stabilizing the bookends.I go on and on about such a simple device because it is near perfect in design . I would have tapered the horizontal bar ever so slightly so it would automatically center on the other bookend when books are pushed together . The horizontal ends were rounded for this purpose I 'm sure.I keep buying the tall bookends .
 Excellent quality , very sturdy bookends for booklovers . they arrived in a timely manner , as all amazon.com products do .
 Not much to say about bookends . They work well , seem sturdy . I 'm satisfied .
 This product is perfect for me , and the price was excellent . Originally , I was looking at very expensive bookend weights , but after reading the reviews I decided that they are mostly decorative and do n't support a lot of book weight . This product was delivered quickly via UPS , and I am 110 % satisfied . These bookends support all of my heavy -LRB- and tall -RRB- college textbooks . They are very easy to pull in and out , as I use them often for references . Bookends are very sturdy , and the long bottom adds extra support . You ca n't go wrong with these !
 Not bad . They do their job , and that 's all I ask . These are great if you are looking for something merely practical and not decorative .
 What can I say , these things just work . I just wish I could have paid less for a this mass produced bent pieces of metal .
 Item is what I expected and was happy with the price . the bookends work well .
 I purchased these bookends for magazines on a freestanding shelf . They give excellent support due to the heightand the material on the bottom keeps them in place . I am glad I did not settle for what I could find in alocal office supply store . These are a cut above .
 very good quality for this price . It is exactly what I want . Big enough to block all kinds of big books .
 Got the bookends in RECORD time - I was pleasantly surprised at how promptly they were shipped . Nice , sturdy and I 'm glad I went with the 9 '' tall ones .
 This kit -LRB- Canon part no. 9401A002AA -RRB- consists of the paper tray necessary to print on 4x8 paper -LRB- PCW-CP100 -RRB- and 24 sheets of paper and ribbon -LRB- KW-24IP -RRB- and 24 envelopes . Everything you need to print greeting cards on a portable Canon dye-sub such as the CP220 , CP330 , CP400 & Selphy CP510 , CP600 , and CP710 Printers . An excellent value at $ 28.95 when you consider that when sold separately the KP-241P paper set goes for $ 17.95 -LRB- without the envelopes ! -RRB- and the paper tray goes for $ 18.95 . Again , this kit is for dye-sub printing ONLY -LRB- with printer model numbers that begin with the letters `` CP '' -RRB- and not for Canon 's portable inkjets such as the Selphy DS700 and DS810 . Lastly , if you own certain printers such as the CP710 you 'll need the paper tray in the kit to print 4x8 greeting cards , as the paper tray is not included with the printer and is sold as an optional component .
 I create my own Christmas cards every year with this set . Love it.Timtfarrisphotography.com
 I bought this phone because I wanted a good handset speakerphone , so I can talk on the phone while my hands are busy without fumbling with a headset . This phone got great reviews -LRB- see the reviews for the < a href = `` http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000246Y2W/103-5693624-9147063?v=glance&n;=172282 '' > Uniden TRU8860-2 5.8 GHz Digital Cordless Phone with Dual Handsets and Caller ID < / a > -RRB- , and in general I 've been very pleased . Now I can talk on the phone while cooking , and waiting on hold for half an hour is no longer painful . I like it so much I 'm even going to buy another one of these for a friend . I would have given it five stars except that the rings are pretty bad.Speakerphone and Clarity
 This is my second uniden cordless phone purchase , the first was for home , this one I use in the office . I do a lot of talking as part of my job , and I spend at least four hours a day using this product . Either with my headset or directly against my ear , the sound is clear , crisp without any distortion at all . The range is pretty impressive . When I need to have a private call I frequently walk away from the office into the courtyard outside . This phone continues to work through walls , and trees a half a block away from the base station . I highly recommend it .
 The phone does everything that is promised . The sound quality is good . The navigation is really easy . The speaker phone works well . The ring is pleasant . The buttons have a nice feel . It 's easy to hold and nicely compact . I plan to get a few more to replace my other phones .
 Great stamp . Hoping that the ink wo n't run out fast or anything like that ... but over all it seems like great quality .
 this is a great little red star stamp . perfect for stamping papers -LRB- i am a teacher -RRB- that are completed . the re-inking works well also : -RRB-
 This product last much longer than the 1000stamp product I had before though even it starts to fade after more than a 100 stampings until it rests awhile . Good price for a self inking stamp .
 I got this phone for my 87-yo father , who needed to replace his old cordless phone . It 's very similar to his last GE phone , which is the same one I have , too . It 's simple , works well , and is user-friendly , which is important for someone his age -- or to anyone who values simplicity in this era of technologically-bewildering products . Although it has some nice features , it 's not loaded down with all the bells and whistles that can make you want to pull your hair out.I would definitely recommend this product to someone looking for a simple , functional cordless phone .
 and that 's good . I bought this for a friend of mine because I was tired of her phone giving out on our conversations after an hour . We talk every week and I 'm out of state so it was a real challenge dealing with her old phone which was just crappy . This one got to her house in 2 days . It 's very clear and works great . It did n't cost an arm and a leg either .
 This is a simple phone with no bells or whistles . This is my second one because my dog decided to eat the first one when I had it laying on the couch . Bonuses are that is is relatively inexpensive and I can leave the house and go out into the garage and still have reception . Only negative I have found is that there must be something tasty in the phone because my dog really enjoyed destroying it . : -RRB-
 I have been using this calculator for more than a year now and it still works like new . The poor thing has been dropped by me and my kids a few times but I have to say it is very durable . I will recommend it .
 The school asked for all 6th grade to purchase this calculator . I could only find it online - it was not in any of our local office supply , Target , etc. type of stores.It works and my 6th grader loves it !
 It has great lay out and the color is superior to the Basic black drab and it has all the functions of a science calculator I need and it works for me in Chemistry as it is and I am sure to use it later
 My title says it all . I actually bought two of these , one for work and one for home , I love it .
 i love the colors on this calculator ! it 's very easy to use and serves my purpose .
 This is a pretty good stats calculator . It does 2-variables statistics like correlation , regression , slope , intercept , predicted value for Y , standard deviations , etc. . The data input is straightforward and easy to use . It 's not the best calculator of this type , but it is pretty solid . DOES NOT give p values or significance tests .
 always had A SHARP CALCULATOR , THIS IS A UPGRADE AS IT PUTS IN WHAT YOUR DOING UP ABOVE AS WELL AS THE ANSWER . CANT SAY I LIKE THE BLUE - BUT NUMBERS ARE BIG AND SO ARE THE KEYS AND EASY TO USE . THE DISPLAY IS BLACK LETTERS ON A LIGHT GREEN BACKGROUND AND IS EASY TO READ . so far i like it real well , havent dropped it yet so dont know how durable it is.being a engineer i need all the trig and statistical functions and am very pleased with my purchase so far .
 This was a special request for present . I was n't sure of the product , but was able to shop from home . The shipping was fast and terrific .
 I purchased this product about a year ago and I found it to do more than I expected , though I wish it printed the cds all the way round.Nevertheless it can function both as a thermal printer to cds and tape for labelling it an excellent productalso USB friendly
 This gives my CDs a prefessional look and I like the ease with which I can made professional labels . I was disappointed that it would not work with Windows XP so I have to use it `` free standing . ''
 I got my Casio CW-L300 Label-Biz Disc Title Printer , and the instructions were very EZ to follow it does everything it says it does I `` m very happy with it . I can Print on DVDs , CDs , also can print labels.This is a very good product I have no problems with it , I also got the service plan . Anyone that does any DVD-CD burning this is the product to have for all your labeling .
 The Casio CW-L300 Label Disc Title Printer is very easy to use . The two manuals that came with the printer are very useful if you want to print the titles in different styles , align text , specify character spacing , in different fonts , to insert a logo , etc. . The ribbon can be easily installed . It came with an AC adaptor that can be plugged directly to an outlet if you do not want to use batteries . The title is printed neatly onto the disc surfact . You can print on a disc before or after you record anything on it even though Casio recommend that you print on a disc before recording anything on it . I tried out both and it did not cause the data to become corrupted .
 At the current price of $ 39 I 'd buy this again instantly . As the former high price indicates , its a sturdy desktop device . The odd vertical position of the disc requires careful aligmment to get your lines of type parallel . It prints clearly on any shiny disc . Vista users can download the driver from the CAsio Web site , but 32-bit only . The setup and tending of this little machine requires care , and it will require a full hour to get the software working and the gear set up . Once set up the device is actually attractive , and you will certainly he happiest if it is in a permanent place next to another printer , ready to use . Take care in installing the ink casettes , which will not jam if you install them right . And since a casette is only good for about 30 discs , installation will be a repeated exercise . In sum
 It 's simple and easy . It 's a bit difficult for me to get the ink cartridges but it is truly wonderful . At least for what I want it for .
 wonderful product delivered quickly , works great real easy to use , the printing on the disk is nice and clean drys fast so no smudges , also its a label maker to so a nice added bonus . everyone that makes dvd or cd 's should own this will make your life a whole lot easier
 This simple machine makes it easy to label my DVDs and CDs replacing the felt-tip pen and hand-lettering . Somewhat limited vs more expensive equipment , but for home use the $ $ $ was right !
 Very good printer . It is very easy in use . My disks always by way of also are signed .
 Mr. Hamid Moham titles his review of the product `` JUNK '' , gives it just one out of 5 stars , and crucifies it by writing : `` But once you depress the zeros there 's no way to turn them back on . They remain depressed for good . There 's also no blank . So I contacted Sparco . My call has not been retuned since three days ago . I suppose they 're stuck with those zeros . This a useless piece of equipment heading for the trash bin in no time . `` Perhaps Mr. Moham should order stock design rubber stamp - the one that stamps `` I must learn to show humility . '' Why?When one publicly criticizes an idea , machine , or person one should be very certain of one 's opinion . This product is not a very common item , it 's a bit specialized . Therefore there are not a lot of reviews -LRB- only 2 earlier reviews at the time I posted mine -RRB- and each review dramatically impacts the overall score . So a reviewer has a moral obligation to be fair . Someone expended valuable resources to offer this item . They invested time , cash , and even passion . It takes a lot to bring this item to the marketplace , and I feel it 's unfair for someone who has invested relatively nothing into the product to so harshly condemn it , even if the product does not seem to work . Because although it might have a problem - there 's always the possibility that the problem is not with the product , but with the reviewer . And I believe that 's the case here.I just received this exact model less than 45 minutes ago -LRB- is n't Amazon delivery amazing ? -RRB- , I then spent 3 minutes reviewing the simple instructions , another minute or two inking the pad , and then BAM ! I was stamping numbers on every bit of scrap paper within reach - I think this is a cool machine ! And guess what ? The stamper allows you to drop the zeros , or have them show , and you can easily switch back and forth between those two modes ! I even posted a photo -LRB- see above -RRB- where I did just that . BTW I dropped one of the inside zeros so that it would show more clearly.Now I 'm going to be humble and refrain from labeling Mr. Mohan the denigrating term I believe he deserves , after all it is possible that the stamper he received was defective . Although to be honest it looks like a fairly solid and simple mechanism . My guess is that the problem is operator error.True , the zero manipulation could be a bit easier to affect , and true , if he did actually call Sparco they should have called back , -LRB- but then if he was a snide on the phone as he is in his review , I do n't blame them for not returning his call - life is too short to waste time with nasty people -RRB- but also true a reviewer should most often allow for the possibility that he could be wrong.I find this stamper delightful , why ? Solid hefty metal chrome , nice tactile sensation with each stamp , a reassuring `` kerchunk '' accompanies each impression , it gets the job done . And there are no cords , no batteries , the type is n't laser straight - it has a certain machine age charm . Practical , a bargain price , works as advertised , a delight to use ... 5 starts !
 Needed a stamper to put unique numbers in student textbooks . Setup was simple and stamping very effective.Not sure I will have any need for it again , so low price made it worthwhile .
 After reading instruction paper and few minutes of playing with stamp I learned all about this AWESOME stamp.Highly recommend to other people who 's looking for automatic numbering stamp .
 Great machine ! Does its job . Just read the instruction otherwise you could break it . It 's a little loud but it 's worth it because its a solid machine
 Good purchase . Very happy with the product that I received . Do I really have to put in this many words ?
 This is a good numbering machine that does what it 's supposed to . The $ 18 I spent was $ 40 less than that the big superstore down the road . Price is right , quality good . Easy to use .
 I love these markers for construction layout and mischief . I do layout and draw nasty pictures in the port-o-potties with these bad boys . They bleed through marking paint -LRB- and other types of paint -RRB- so you can really make your marks stand out on the concrete . Highly recommended for tradesmen and women .
 These are used for construction survey layout . They are a good compromise of cost and quality for that purpose . Not quite as good as a Ideal Mark , but half the price .
 It , end up in the trash.I was so mad the product was not as described as advertise.once I got my refund I was happy . Thanks to amazon . And i will try to buy again but from a different seller . But like I said the product it self works great . I have purchase this item before from a different website .
 This book was used at a workshop I attended . The reason i bought it is that I found it to be packed with easy to use , practical information . it contains all you need to know in a short and very practical way . It shares wisdom and experience in an easy to apply way .
 I have n't had these for to long , so I ca n't tell you if they fade over time , but so far they have n't . They look just like I thought they would , great for writing over dark surfaces or on a calender which is what I have used them for so far -LRB- I got them for a concert , but did n't need them -RRB- .
 You could not fine these metallic sharpie pens in any office store before the school year began whicj was teh first week in September . These pens are durable and hold the color perfectly ... I give these sharpie metallic color markers Five stars
 We use this to mark of ICs once they are programmed . Its a lot lot cheaper at Walmart .
 They write in permanent silver ink ... yea ... that is what they are supposed to do ...
 bought these to write the letters on my keyboard that somehow got scraped off the keys . the ink looks nice on the keyboard but the ink will get removed very quickly when you type so it does not work on a keyboard key . i might try to put nail polish on top of the ink to see if that protects the ink from fading .
 I bought some little running shoes for my kindergartener at a church-run thrift shop for $ 2 . The only thing wrong with them was some scuffing at the toes . These are expensive shoes when new ... so I was determined to figure out how to cover up the scuffs -LRB- some were deep -RRB- but the problem was that the scuffed part was gray -- so I bought these silver sharpies to go over all the gray trim surfaces on the shoes and you could n't see the scuffs unless you get the shoes right up to your face ... and there were NO MARKER LINES on the surface to show I 'd covered them up ! These look amazing and it was so easy to do . This is n't extra-fine point , which is good because I needed something small enough to handle contours yet big enough to cover . Had it been a regular-tip marker , it would not have been so easy to get the gray area around the laces . So now she has a great pair of N * kes and it cost me sooo very little . I am planning on going over some second-hand picture frames with these silver sharpies , too ! I mean , it 's just endless . And if I need any touch-ups , it 's easy enough to do .
 I work in film production and recently alot of my camera lens caps and small things in my gear bag keep getting lost , or other people confuse them with theirs . This is especially problematic when everybody on set has the same type of bag as well . I ordered these silver markers so I can mark my gear with names/drawings so I can identify them in a pile , and if they get accidentally switched , I can know which piece is mine.great markers , do the job fine
 It works really well for writing your name on food boxes . I doubt if it would work well on aluminum foil through . I also use it for crafts .
 These are just like the black markers you normally find in stores , except with a greyish-silver ink . Not much else to say except I 've been using them for months now , and they 're awesome just like the normal Sharpies.Cheaper on Amazon Prime than some stores .
 I bought this to use on fabric and it bled . For drawing on less porous materials , Sharpies are great . I will stick with fabric markers for my sewing projects in the future .
 It must have been the day I fried my Cisco router when I decided I needed a way to mark the myriad power supplies for my electronics . Turns out that 1 -RRB- my Cisco VOIP phone and Cisco router require different types of electrical power ; 2 -RRB- the power supplies for both devices fit into each device ; and 3 -RRB- plugging the wrong power supply into a Cisco router wrecks it.This ink pen does a great job of writing on the black plastic so common with modern electronics . No more confusion about what power supply plugs into what device . Trying to fit a plug into a device is not a sound method of determining power requirements . Reading the miniscule script on the device is perhaps not an option for you either , given most Americans know more about Lady GaGa 's eating habits than the difference between a volt and an amp . No , idiot-proof your life and use these pens to label your stuff so you do n't find out the hard way it 's the wrong power supply for your device .
 I like to put my music on CDs , used a black shapie to mark the CD . The problem was there were always black CDs in the multi-colored packs , now with this silver shapie I can mark my black Cds .
 I use these at autograph conventions and hand them out to celebrities to sign my posters . They work great and dry quickly . As long as there is n't anything constantly rubbing against the writing or in direct sunlight on a daily basis , it 'll last a long time .
 I needed these for my target practice with black targets to make the hits and misses . does the job well
 I do n't use markers much , and Sharpie always make markers that last longer than most . They are as advertised .
 I bought this because I , occasionally , work with pressure treated lumber and hardwood which are quite in dark color . I have used a dark marker or pencil to mark the line for cutting but am , often , unable to see the line . This marker does leave a very visible line on even the darkest material . The ink is quite wet , though , so the line is always wide . Moisture in the material cause the ink to float into a very wide line , depending on the amount of moisture in the material being marked . Overall , a good product for marking rough lumber . The mark it leaves on paper is very attractive . The price is very good and makes it an ideal item to bring your order up to $ 25.00 for the free shipping .
 Bought this specifically to write on my kids summertime water bottles ... works great for those bottles with a clearish background , the silver color stands out .
 Colors are true to cap colors . They are not meant to be paint brushes , even though they get used that way . You have to have them and they do what you expect them to . New colors are great for those kid projects at school .
 I wrote an X on a piece of metal and held it under a fire until glowing red hot.After dipping it into cold water , the X remained silver.What 's this stuff made of ?
 I 've always loved Newell Rubbermaid 's Sharpie products . These silver metallic permanent markers are especially good for labeling on pretty much any medium and embellishing dark surfaces . I just love the smooth stream of ink and the shimmer .
 This silver color shows up nicely on dark objects where your black and blue markers are invisible . The durability of the ink is amazing . I used one of these pens seven or eight years ago to put my company name on one of our trash cans and it is still clear and legible . I find d that remarkable considering the abuse outdoor trash cans suffer .
 Shipped in two days as per prime , same as described and pictured online . Price consistently better than local stores around me
 I love the size of the tip , perfect for greeting cards , or wrapping paper . Strongly recommended for this holiday season .
 Wonderful for writing on black -LRB- or other dark -RRB- craft paper , such as for photo albums . Good for marking black computer cabling - Monitor , Keyboard , etc - so when you go to reattach to a new computer , you know what goes where .
 If you have to write on a power adapter , the bottom of a pair of dress shoes , or even a garbage bag , there is n't a better pen on the market to use . I 've tried white oil-based `` paint '' pens and they all dry out very quickly , even when not in use . Silver Sharpies work perfectly for far longer than you need them as long as you 're careful not to damage the felt tip . The ink is smooth , shiny , and permanent on any surface I 've tried it on -LRB- including my skin , on accident -RRB- . It 's nice that you get two in a package since like any pen , these are pretty easy to misplace .
 These markers work great when you need to write on virtually any surface , including the laminated and/or black one . They also last pretty long .
 I 'm a nerd and was going to a convention and had a box that was quite dark to have signed . I needed something that would write visably on said box and dry quickly . I turned to these sharpies . They did exactly what I needed for only a few bucks ! Totally worth it in my eyes . Not only did they write on dark paper but they were also metallic so they shine and look quite awesome .
 Not much to say it 's a two pack of silver sharpies . Work great writing on dark surfaces , leaves a nice thick layer . My only complaint is that if you are like me and plan to use these heavily buy extra they never last long .
 Great for labeling DARK items for sleepaway camp . So far so good and I have n't even started with the amp stuff yet : - -RRB- Random things around the house -LRB- including a replacement backpack -RRB- are now perfectly labeled ! Love the black/blue for regular items .
 This is a nice alternative to using the oil based metallic markers that Sharpie offers . I use them to write comments onto black photo pages in albums and they stand out as well as last a reasonable amount before drying out .
 These silver markers are excellent for writing on dark surfaces . I 've used Sharpie for work for many years and silver is a necessary addition to red/black/green / blue .
 I bought these to use mainly at school to label items in my classroom . -LRB- I teach instruments , so labeling cases and music stands is a must -RRB- . I used one marker for well over a year , until the tip finally wore out . I have been very happy with the quality of the ink as it does not chip off or show any signs of wear . The fine point tip is ideal for my uses ... until I wore it down to a bold tip ! Good product .
 Sharpie makes a load of different color Sharpie markers , but none that comes out well against black , or similar dark background.If you own brick power supplies , cables , DVD or BD players , many come in basic black . How do you label or mark these items , other than using white tape to write on with a black Sharpie?Previously , the way to write on black was with a white paint or similar color oil based paint pen , made by Sharpie and others . These pens cost 3-4x more , dry out faster , need to be started before it writes , writes unevenly , but certainly was better than nothing.Sharpie has succeeded in making a type of ink that provides a white like color , in this case silver . They did it by creating an ultra fine silverish powder dissolved in the same solvent used for their color markers . The result is a pen with ink that has all the same qualities as its standard markers , near the same cost , and the effectiveness of white paint on black backgrounds . But even more , the paint is more ` reflective ' in low light conditions , creating a low cost reflector effect.The metallic paint is as ` permanent ' as the other markers , and eventually they do come off . But the pen is so easy to use , and cheap , that its effortless to re-write a label as needed.What takes the ink off ? Washing in hot water , constant rubbing , underwater submersion for multiple hours , extensively sunlight exposure , to name a few . But if the items are kept out of direct sunlight , and rarely touched , such as labels on items , it has remained on for years . I know , I 've used Sharpies for over 10 years , and its the best marker pen I 've used.I buy black markers by the dozen . Its also really made in USA .
 I am an employee at a National Computer Repair depot . We use these markers for silver surfaces . they dry quick , leave a thick coat and are more durable than the original paint job . If this color is a match for what your using it on , you wont be disappointed . We have used this on hard plastic and metal .
 I have been searching for something that would write on black cloth and finally found it . These pens work great on darker fabric and do not cause a mess , as some of the liquid pens , or paint do .
 I generally do n't like markers , especially rarely-used ones as this metallic one . So , here , after one use , I sealed them back in the package.Typically , markers then quickly dry out . After a year of storage , this still works !
 If you are into scrapbooking or rubberstamping or any other type of paper art projects , this metallic ink Sharpie makes a spectacular addition to your craft kit . -LRB- Keep it away from your kids , however , as the ink is permanent . -RRB-
 I was looking for a marker to use on black and/or dark clothing labels . This works perfectly and is exactly what I needed .
 I bought this Sharpie to write on black or other dark CDs , and it works great ! Highly recommend for that purpose .
 I use this marker to sign and title my black rubber 3-D artwork . Ink flows from the get-go and writes a crisp , clean silver line . Its slight sheen is a nice effect . I was considering using a white permanent marker , but am glad I opted for the silver for its classy look . The writing should be permanent as it 's on the bottom of the pieces so is protected from sunlight . Very pleased with this product .
 I purchased these Sharpie Metallic color markers for black items that needed some labels . - Playstation controllers - Device chargers < -- MUST HAVE FOR THESE THINGS ! - Flashlights / Spotlights - Remotes - Camping / hunting / fishing gear -LRB- Since everything is `` Tacticool '' black these days -RRB- These markers have worked on 90 % of the surfaces I 've attempted to write on -LRB- Usual Sharpie fare -RRB- .
 it is as described , almost like a paint pen but non-toxic , writhing on metal is not as permanent , but even paint pens are not permanent on metal surfaces . Overall I like the product .
 excellent item . i bought them as stocking stuffers for my techie friends . and with the two pack you can write your name on the pens .
 These are great markers . I use them mostly on rubber hoses and tires in my garage , but they show up well on most backgrounds , even on white electrician 's tape . Very useful product . Thumbs up to Sharpie .
 got my brother Prodyne M-912 Stainless Steel Spice Rack , 12-Bottle . another reviewed suggested using these to write on the lids instead of the labels . have no idea how it worked out .
 SHARPIE DOES IT AGAIN . GREAT METALLIC PERMANENT MARKERS . MARK ON EVERYTHING . I USE THESE TO MARK CHARGERS/ADAPTERS ... SO WE KNOW WHO 'S IS WHO 'S . WORKS GREAT . ARRIVED QUICKLY AND IN GOOD CONDITION
 I love these silver Sharpies for writing on darker surfaces . They last and do n't smell bad . I just wish they were dual-tip with the finer point on the other end .
 I bought this to have a rock star , John Doe of X , sign my Los Angeles LP album cover -LRB- yeah , I 'm that old -RRB- . The cover is mostly black , so I needed a silver Sharpie . Well , after the concert , I asked him to sign the cover , but he told me to go over to the side of the stage , where I waited about 20 minutes . Exene came up to me and signed the album cover . She was pretty cool about it ! I wish I could add a picture of it here . Anyway , her autograph in silver on the cover looks real nice .
 I have a lot of black colored covered products that I like to write on . These pens worked out great . If you like working with Sharpies , these are fantastic . Will buy again when I run out of ink .
 This set added so much to the week we taught our preschool class about space . The children loved them , looked at all of the cards , many asking questions . The pictures are high quality and they held up well as I cautioned the children against bending them .
 Not easy to find ... works great . Just what I needed to help keep me organized .
 This scroll letter holder has excellent shelving spaces , one for bills to be paid , one for bills already paid and one for review of any discrepancies concerning your monthly expenses . It also has 5 key ring holders and easily hung next to the doorway in classic style so you can always find your car/garage/bike / family or neighbors keys all right there.It is one of the handiest things to have around the home and is beautifully designed . Could n't ask for anything better . It 's an excellent organizing product .
 This mail holder looks nice and will definitely serve its purpose of organizing mail and keys in the foyer . However , it arrived missing a key hook , which does n't speak too highly for how long this product will last . Since I did n't get a chance to hang it until after the return window , I am keeping it even with the damage , but it 's a bit disappointing to find the quality so lacking .
 This is a nice little wall rack to hold mail , keys , wallet , phone - all that stuff that my husband was putting in random locations all over the house and then panicking at 6:00 am when he could n't find them . I put it up right by our back door , so that he can drop everything off as soon as he comes in from work , and it has saved space , as well as sanity in our house . It 's not super high-quality , but it 's plenty nice enough and has held up well so far . I also have the matching spice rack for a nice coordinated look .
 I really like this ! I was originally looking for something that had more boxy type slots because I was worried things would fall out of the gaping parts , but I took a chance and ordered this one and I am 100 % happy with it . My stamps and mail do n't fall out and I needed a place to put all my keys in one spot . Comes with hardware and 4 holes to drill your screws into so it 's very secure .
 This product was a little smaller than expected , make sure to check the measurements . I like it for what I use it for ... . to hold my letter/bills from the mail for my household . The reason why I would n't recommend this is if you plan on using it to hold catalogs/magazines from the mail because the `` pockets '' are n't really deep enough to hold them ... . they end up folding over the front of the rack and it does n't really nice . This rack also comes in a black finish .
 Very pleased with this item . Delivery went smoothly . Product is just as described and came in perfect condition . Very easy to install and looks good on my wall .
 I really like my scroll letter holder . You can hold lots of mail and it has 5 hooks for keys . The reason why I bought this holder was the nicket finish .
 I was very pleased with this product , was just what I was looking for . thank you
 It was a gift . On my sister Amazon wish list . She was really happy when she opened her birthday present .
 It fits perfectly in the space I bought it for , it is built well , not flimsy at all . Looks great , only 4 stars because some of the satin nickle finish was scratched along the side rails . Not enough to be returnable and I ca n't notice it unless I look for it , but it is scratched nonetheless .
 this is a great mail/key holder . It holds your standard sized mail perfectly , and provides enough slots to stay organized . It is simple yet effective .
 I looked around for all types of mail/key organizers and finally settled on this one . I really like that it holds 5 sets of keys which is a must in our home . There was a delivery mix up with UPS and it did n't arrive until several days after it was said to have been delivered . I was able to install it myself -LRB- I drilled holes before drilling in the screws ... made it much easier to do alone -RRB- . It sits in our secondary entryway and the new space has opened up valuable countertop space in the kitchen .
 I really loved the key and letter holder . It has enough hooks for all my keys and regular letters sit nicely in each slot . It is great especially when your adult kids still live in the house , you can just assign and slot for them and separate their mail from yours .
 got this letter/key holder in satin finish so it matches stainless steal . It looks very good and goes the job .
 This is one of those items you can probably live without , but once you have it you really appreciate it.After getting tired of seeing mail piled up on our kitchen counter for the umpteenth time and losing keys I decided we needed some sort of organization tool . This item fits the bill . It came assembled and was easy to hang right out of the box.One thing I noticed it is a lot smaller than it looks . It truly is `` letter sized '' - you wo n't be able to place magazines or large envelopes in the trays . That 's fine for us , we are mainly using it to organize bills as they come in . However , if you need to sort full size letters or magazines then look elsewhere.I 'm not a huge fan of the scroll design , which is why I knocked off one star . There 's a major lack of stylish letter holders though and this one was the best of the bunch for price and availability . All in all , we are happy with this purchase !
 This item was smaller than I thought it would be , but ended up the perfect size for my kitchen . i use it to hold pending invitations , pamphlets , mail - any miscellaneous paper i 'm not ready to throw out . Matches well in my stainless steel kitchen .
 I love this mail holder , I was skeptic after the other reviews but it is perfect size and holds all my mail . Very easy to install and is sturdy .
 This is a good project . it helped me keep my bar area free from all the magazines , bills and paper that I just have n't gotten around to . easy to intall and worthwhile .
 Just moved into a new home , I needed somewhere to keep bills , etc. . This is a great product , easy to hang and looks great - I would recommend this to everyone !
 We keep our incoming and outgoing mail and coupons in the 3 different slots.Pros : -- Very pretty -- Holds a fair amount of keys ; can hold several key rings on each hook . -- Holds normal envelopes fine , with top slot for larger ones . -- Easy to hangCons : -- Because the shelves are not solid , small papers can fall through -LRB- which is to be expected with a wired holder like that -RRB- We installed it right next to our front door so that we remember to take outgoing mail and we rarely lose our keys now . We even keep a mini flashlight hanging at the ready just in case .
 Fast shipping . Beautiful color . Everything I was looking for . Extremely easy to hang - very secure . The only thing is that it does n't fit ex long envelopes width-wise , but those are rare . All around very satisfied with the purchase !
 I bought 3 of these letter holders for Christmas gifts . All 3 people that received one liked it and said that they would make good use of it . It looks to be well made and attractive . I would recommend this product .
 Nice item . I lose my keys every morning , so I got this . It 's great ! Came as promised . Satin nickel finish is just as promised .
 Very spacious , 1/2 in for each letter , though the cardboard is not quite as heavy as it used to be.Still , sturdy and handy .
 I have one of these at work and it makes it so much easier to sort files alphabetically before putting them in the file cabinet .
 Exactly what I was looking for ! The accordion spine allows room for more documents than I anticipated . The construction is sturdy and the red color is attractive .
 Yes the product just worked fine with the supplied software at the first time , it looks only one problem it does not live will with magicjack . Recommended for skype users .
 Easy to install . Some dropping calls , but I believe that 's caused by Skype server itself .
 Dialing From house phone ? Help me ! I can Dial From Skype Software & talk on any phone . But Dial SKype from a House phone has been a challenge Can any body help me . I dont wan na Dial From Skype Dial pad . I wan na take my phone to bed & Dial from House phone Key pad . Email me please -LRB- elliot 2698 @ yahoo . com -RRB- Love it . some still me email me tips
 If you 're looking for a very useful product at a great price , this is it . Very easy to set up and has very good sound quality . Make sure to use the driver for Atcom 's AU-600 driver since the D-link driver is not updated and has defects . I recommend to anyone that uses Skype .
 I have had this adapter for a little over a year , and have been very satisfied . I have had no problems with the driver , and sound quality through my cordless phone is equivalent to using a headset on the computer . With Skype 's new unlimited SkypeOut North America Plan for $ 23.60 and 1 year of SkypeIn for $ 24 , you can get a year of unlimited long distance phone service for under $ 50 ! This setup has replaced my landline for a fraction of the cost , and I could n't be happier .
 I am using the DPH-50U to connect my cordless phone to my PC so that I can use Skype-In and Skype-Out as a VOIP service . As long as you follow the instructions with the device -LRB- which are simple and straight forward -RRB- it is a snap to install.An interesting feature of this box is you can also hook up your regular telephone line to it -LRB- I do n't have one so I cant comment on this too much -RRB- and then `` choose '' whether to place your outbound calls over the PC via Skype or on the landline . Of course , you 'd prefer to make traditionally expensive calls over the Skype and maybe local calls , 911 calls , 411 calls , and toll free calls over the landline.Which brings me to my next point . In order to `` tell '' the box which line to put your outbound call on , you need to do some interesting dialing codes before dialing the number you wish to call ... kind of like dialing `` 9 '' from your office to get an outside line.To use the skype feature to call 800-555-1212 I 'd have to dial the following : ## 0018005551212 * The ## tells it you are making a skype call , the 001 is the country code for the United States , then the phone number , and finally * is sort of like the `` send '' key on your cell phone , to tell the box you are done typing numbers and to initiate the call . This is a little cumbersome to be honest.Since I do n't have a regular landline connected I 'm not quite as familiar with the dialing requirements , but I think you just dial out the number and press * -LRB- so you do n't have to do the ## 00 part as listed above -RRB- When I have an incoming skype call , this device rings my phone and you do not have to do anything unusual to receive the call , just pick up the phone.As a side note , since this is n't a rating on Skype but you should have a little background on the service as well if you are thinking of switching over to Skype for VOIP service , the call quality is quite good . Most of our Skype calls are to South Africa and the quality is the same as any other service I ever used , be it AT&T ; , calling cards , or other VOIP carriers . Another plus is that the US unlimited calling plan with Skype is -LRB- at the time of review -RRB- $ 2.99 a month . . Pretty affordable . But you need to have a PC and keep it on for this box to work , so for those with services like Vonage , they pay more -LRB- $ 25/mo -RRB- but do not require the PC and if they already have a PC are not required to keep in on 24-7 to receive calls . For me , my PC is on anyway so saving $ 22 a month was a pretty good deal and the hardware cost -LRB- $ 20 -RRB- for this box is a real bargain .
 This device is great , works out of the box . Just followed the instructions in the booklet , i have windows XP SP2 btw and skype already installed.I was nervous upon buying this as some folks gave negative comments . However i found no issues , talked to my folks over it and it works great so far .
 I was little skeptical since I wanted to configure this device on my windows vista desktop . After reading few positive feedbacks about using on vista , I decided to give it a try.Installing DPH-50U was a breeze and absolutely no hassles of any types . I just did one simple google search for latest drivers for Vista . Downloaded them from dlink support site . Installed as per instruction and device was up and running . Then I connected my Motorola cordless phone to it and subscribed for skype in -LRB- $ 18 for 3 months -RRB- and I was ready with my new landline phone.Skype call quality is very good . And DPH-50U installation was amazingly simple and straightforward.Overall , I am very satisfied .
 Read through the reviews here before buying one of these , and the experience was about what I expected.I too , as a recent reviewer did , skipped the D-Link XP drivers in favor of the Vista drivers -LRB- they install fine on XP -RRB- . Everything was installed and seemed to work , and then I went away for a few hours and came back to a Windows critical error / blue screen . D'oh . I am trying to use this as a complete landline replacement - blue screens wo n't work.Next I tried the AU-600 's drivers , again , as another recent review tried . You can Google for those and they are much more recent than D-Link 's offerings . A few hours later , and another blue screen.I then read ANOTHER reviewer 's comment -LRB- these reviews are great for tips ! -RRB- that the D-Link violates USB specs and draws too much power , and really will only work if plugged into older , on-board USB connectors . I had been plugging it into a PCI card I installed for USB 2.0 . Instead , I used the older USB 1.1 jacks that are right on my motherboard.It 's been about a week , and no more blue screens , so I have to imagine that was it.Everything seems to work great . Skype inbound calls ring my Motorola cordless phone , and the answering machine and speakerphone components work well . People I called using SkypeOut said I sounded indistinguishable from regular phone call quality . The dialing takes a bit of getting used to -LRB- ## -00 -1 - ten-digit-number -RRB- , but I ended up just reprogramming the few speed dials I have.The one complaint I do have is probably less about this adapter and more about my telephone combined with Skype . My Motorola cordless phone generates short tones -LRB- DTMF tones -RRB- when you press the buttons ; holding them does n't make the tone any longer.When used in this setup , the tones generated are either not long enough or loud enough to be perceived by some -LRB- but not all -RRB- automated calling services . For instance , I can call into my office voicemail system and navigate just fine , but my calling into a different office application does n't work . I can use the Skype keypad on the computer , but it was n't something I anticipated having to do -- I intended to use a computer without a monitor , keyboard , or mouse to run this product.I 'm going to try to get a junky old corded phone that will generate the tones for as long as I hold down the number keys and see if that fixes it - if so , it 'll isolate my cordless phone 's short tones as the problem in this setup . But , I should note , the cordless phone works fine on a normal line.Other than that , no big problems ... I 'm not experiencing the issue where I have to unplug and plug in anything - USB cord or phone line - after reboots .
 I can not complain about this adapter . It does what it supposed to . Installation and set-up took about 15 minutes , worked right away . The devise allowed me to keep my wireless phone connected to the regular -LRB- landline -RRB- phone line , and in parallel - be connected to the internet phone . Depending where I get a ring from - it will automatically re-route the call to the phone . I believe it also allows to do some simple call forwarding , but I have n't tried that yet . . Overall - I am very satisfied with the devise , and you can not beat the price . .
 Did not work initially but with help of D-Link Support it n ow works according to spec . Neat device .
 Before buying I read all the reviews , and on other sites too . I was nervous about this solution since I had attempted another Skype wifi product some years ago , namely the CIT 200 . The DHP-50U allowed me to use my existing cordless phone network which kept the expenses down while keeping my household happy , since their learning and comfort zones were not challenged . Sure , it is not the same as a traditional AT&T ; / Bell dial tone phone.Again , this product worked right out of the box , no extraordinary measures.NOTE
 I bought this device to seamlessly connect my Vonage phone to my Skype account . Installation is a breeze . Its USB powered - so one less power outlet to worry about.I do wish though that they made these Skype adapters Linux-compatible .
 Easy to setup , but was having problems when I try to change the usb port and calls was dropping after 15 mins . I called the 877 's number and they informed me that there is problem with the software that came with the package and to download the update , which came out in 9/2006 . Now it is perfect .
 -LSB- ... -RSB- Ca n't complain it . My system is Windows 2000 so I downloaded USRobotic driver following other reviewers suggestions . Dropped after 30 seconds and quite noisy.I then downloaded the latest software from D-Link . Although the website shows the driver is only for Vista , I still gave it a try . The Vista driver works well in my Windows 2K system . No dropped call and no noise.I give it 5 stars based on its cost and functionality . It would be great if they have a Skype adaptor in ethernet verion so I do n't need to turn on my computer and can re-use my cordless phone .
 This adapter is the greatest thing since cotton candy ! It was simple to install with my Windows XP and easy to use with my Skype service . I just followed directions , plugged in my wireless house phone and started making calls . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Thanks to everyone 's reviews , I did n't mess around . I went straight to D-Link 's website and downloaded the new driver . No problems at all . I use this skype adapter in conjuction withGE 28128EE2 Dect 6.0 Series Cell Fusion Phonewhich links to my cell phone by bluetooth . I got rid of my landline and feel very high tech.It 's worth noting that the sound quality improved when I started using this device compared to when I used Skype with a headset . So not only does it make Skype easier to use but improves sound quality . Does this happen to everybody ?
 I have used the product on both XP and Vista . Download the 1.1 version of the software and you will not have problems .
 I work in the Technology department for a local school district and I have been exploring various Skype , VOIP , and web communication products out there for possible use in in class rooms or for meetings.My only problem with this device is when I tested it at home first . It did not work with my DSL connection . Within moments of connecting the adapter to the phone line I lost my internet connection and my DSL modem showed it was searching for a signal.Connected just to my laptop though it worked great with an extra cordless phone I had . I called a couple people and then asked about the quality and they had no idea I was using Skype with a cordless phone.Being able to connect an existing phone for use with Skype was what I was after anyway so I 'm happy with it 's performance so far .
 I was skeptical of how well this would work . It turned out to be easy to set up -LRB- just download the newest drivers -RRB- . Things to consider :1 . It works only when your pc/laptop is running .2 . It is small , about the size of a deck of cards .3 . It is powered by the USB port -LRB- i.e. no extra power supply -RRB- .4 . I 've only used it for outbound calls .5 . Call quality is not as good as a land line.That 's all . Good luck !
 We were able to unplug out phone line from the phone company outside on their box , and then plug this into a phone jack and make all phones in the house live for skype ! AWESOME !!!
 I 've had this unit for a few years now . I picked it up for $ 5 on a techbargains.com deal . When I was using the D-Link software , which was a breeze to install , I noticed the software had a memory leak on WinXP SP3 . The RAM usage of the process would steadily grow until my system exhausted all available memory , and that 's when it did n't crash regularly after a call . I know the D-Link software was the culprit when I saw it was using 200MB + of memory . I kept using it on and off for a bit , but eventually stopped using it.This year I moved to a new city , I ressurected the unit during the move , and started using it again but tried the US Robotics 9620 drivers on the same system -LRB- WinXP , SP3 -RRB- . No memory leak , but I found that it would drop calls alot between 5 and 12 minutes of talk time . I almost gave up , but then saw that we can also use the Atcom AU-600 software with the unit . It took forever to find a working link online , but after getting a copy of the software , this unit has made itself worth it again . No memory leaks , no dropped calls , no crashing software.This box is still useful , but like other reviewers have noted , use the AU-600 drivers . Do n't even bother with the D-Link software , the USR9620 software is hit or miss , but the AU-600 software has been running very stable for me on WinXP SP3 for the last few weeks . Bottom line , at the price point , with the right software , this box is well worth it .
 This thing works great with Skype - even the latest versions . I use it on Windows XP SP3 32-bit with the AU-600 driver v1 .4
 If you are thinking about this product for Vista or Windows 7 you wo n't have a chance - XP is your only choice - trust me , I spent hours trying to get it to work :-LRB- However , if you have an old idle XP machine , the software installs there with no worries or hassle . I installed the latest Skype , installed the DLink software and everything worked as expected . I have an idle PC that is now my home phone system using skype - I went ahead and bought the dial in number for skype and it works great . First home phone I 've had in several years actually ...
 Had low expectations after reading all the reviews but the price with rebate was worth the gamble ; and it paid off . Followed the one reviewer 's instructions about installing the updated drivers and not the install CD . That worked for me . Sound quality has exceeded my expectation and I like being able to use my cordless phone handset w / Skype . Use Skype ~ 1X/week and have n't had any dropped calls . Took about hour for complete installation and that was what I had expected .
 You may as well throw the install cd away . Even the d-link drivers I got from their site for vista did not work properly . I had to go to U.S. Robotics and get the right one :[ ... -RSB- Now it works almost 100 % . If I enter sleep mode it will not recognize once I 'm back but if I shutdown/restart it is a dream . It works perfectly and for $ 10 after MIR you ca n't go wrong , once you get past what a headache the setup was .
 This adapter works great if you set it up right . Do n't let Windows automatic updates install and update for Zoom Device -LRB- it will install the wrong drivers and you ca n't uninstall them -RRB- or you will have to totally re-install Windows to get it to work again . It wo n't work in Vista 64 , which kind of sucks , but I have a Vista 32 machine too . Once setup , it works great ! It 's cheap too .
 Just got it today . It works well according to the reviews here . ThanksTwo things noticed :1 . I did not use driver in the CD , not sure if the problem mentioned here solved or not . -LSB- ... -RSB- 2 . I am using latest skype , so there is no way to add speed dial . -LSB- ... -RSB- In general , it works great .
 I purchased this item for around $ -LSB- ... -RSB- with a $ -LSB- ... -RSB- -LSB- ... -RSB- from D-Link . I read the reviews here skipped the included disc and went directly to the US Robotics site to get their drivers . I had Windows 7 and Vista64 running on my PC and neither OS would recognize the adapter , no matter how hard I tried . I then fired up an old PC that was running Windows XP 32 bit and voila , instantly it worked perfectly . I can call out to regular lines and all my calls in ring my old phone . One bit of advice open your skype window while installing as it may prompt you there , not with a pop-up like USR 's install guide suggests . USR 's site says there is no compatibility with 64 bit systems for this device , so check your OS before buying this unless you want to change your OS just to save a few bucks . You can find other more expensive options that will work for your 64 bit OS , and they will pay for themselves within a few months anyway . If you do n't know how to tell what you have just google it , or go to `` http://windowshelp.microsoft.com/Windows/en-US/help/41531554-d5ef-4f2c-8fb9-149bdc5c8a701033.mspx '' When all is said and done for a one time $ 15 accessory my phone bill has gone from $ 40/month to $ 10 , and I 'm sure we can all use that extra dough right about now . Lastly , you have to think if enough of us jump ship the telecoms will eventually lower their prices or go the way of the dodo .
 D-Link Skype USB Phone AdapterThe phone adapter after intial difficulties works as expected . We use it all the time for international calls and have , so far , no problems .
 I bought this product and connected it to a 5.8 GHZ cordless phone ... WOW !! I have always had problems with skype and the corded USB phone that I have . Not only do I have crystal clear calls but the range is awesome !!! MY only regret is not buying this sooner . It needs to be plugged into a PC that is always on ... but that 's ok . I have an older laptop doing the job !! The cost of this adapter and the cordless phone came out to less than $ 30 . -LRB- Both on sale !! -RRB- And that is much less than a dedicated wifi phone !! I do n't have home phone service , but it feels like I do now . The phone rings normally and I can use all the features the cordless phone has including caller ID . It dials out just fine just make sure you read the instructions on setting it up !! . I highly recommend this product !!!!
 I just got this adapter today and it took about 10 minutes to install . It works great ! I could n't be more pleased . I 'm able to make and receive SKYPE calls from my old cordless phone . I do n't have a traditional landline so I ca n't comment on making regular calls with it but for SKYPE it 's soooo easy and the call quality is excellent . I just bought another one as a stocking stuffer for my mother-in-law whose is looking to get rid of her landline as well.Tech Info
 This is one of those products which i 'd never regret buying . It makes the use of Skype very user friendly . I installed it in seconds and started using VOIP -LRB- skype -RRB- with a cordless phone.Pros - serves the purpose -LRB- using skype without the need to sit infront of the computer -RRB- easy setupexcellent voice qualitycan answer second call using skype software -LRB- have to use the computer -RRB- can make conference calls using the softwarereasonable pricerebate worksCons - could n't do conference calls using the handsetalways have to dial 00 before the country code and asterisk after the phone number which is annoyingca n't answer a second call using the handsetSummary - the amount of money i saved from using skype , this product is worth the investment .
 It works well and does the job . It makes a little switching click when a call arrives which I do n't mind . I think it introduces a little bit of sound degradation , but it was n't enough for me to bother to unplug the phone and compare.I use it for international land-line calls -LRB- skypeout -RRB- and the quality is still far superior to what I was getting from comcast hands down.I only use it on windows xp -LRB- so I ca n't speak for vista -RRB- , and as a matter of principle , I never bother with device drivers that come on a supplied cd-rom media because almost always there is a newer version on-line . I downloaded the drivers from d-link website -LRB- indeed it was a newer version -RRB- and installation went without a hitch .
 When I first read of this device , I thought I would give it a try since the price ca n't be beat . To my utter surprise , this device is totally amazing ! Using the latest Vista drivers v1 .1 -LRB- not WinXP drivers -RRB- from Dlink 's website -LRB- not the included v1 .0 drivers -RRB- , I installed the software first on my PC running WindowsXP SP3 , and then connected the device via USB connector and followed the instructions . It was easy to grasp how it works , and the quality is amazing to say the least . I also used this with a multi-handset Uniden DECT 6.0 device and I must say , this is a sweet setup . The sound quality was great , no noticeable delay in voice , and the longest conversation was over 35 + minutes and the call did not get dropped at all . It was great !
 I am SO pleased with this product , I hummed and haahed about buying this or a USB phone to use with the Skype system , I 'm just thrilled I decided on this ... it was VERY easy to conect up to my computer and phone ... so easy , even I could do it !!!
 This adapter -LRB- D-Link DPH-50U -RRB- allows me use Skype while walking around the house with a cordless phone . -LSB- ... -RSB- In case if you wonder -LRB- like I did -RRB- ; you do n't need any paid service from Skype to use it . Just the plain old-fashioned free talk with other free Skype users and this thing works perfect . With any cordless phone hooked up to the adapter , you do n't have to sit by the computer while talking with your friends from distant parts of the planet Earth.Because so many complained about the driver , I used a driver downloaded directly from D-Link 's support website instead of the provided mini CD and it works perfect with Windows XP SP3 . I have n't tried it with Vista ; I do n't even like Vista -LRB- * - my rating for Vista -RRB- . EDIT
 I have had this for about a week . I needed a new option after the country I am stationed in started blocking vonage . -LRB- Nice way to repay us by trying to make more money of the US soldiers -RRB- It has worked great . The only problem I had was with the set up . I downloaded the updated drivers -LRB- vista -RRB- and had to install them 3 times . But after that it has worked great . Phone volume has been great . I use it with skype and no one can tell the difference between this and when I was using vonage .
 There were a lot of mixed reviews on this item , so I was somewhat hesitant , but since this was one of the cheaper USB - > PSTN devices , I thought I 'd try it out.I did n't even bother with the DLINK drivers . From the get-go , I used the AU-600 drivers.The drivers installed just fine and everything looked like it worked . I tested by calling ECHO123 , and that worked just fine.Then I ran into a bit of a snag . I was trying to call out to a landline using Skype out . I could n't get it to work.The key was that I needed to precede the call with `` 001 '' . So a local call in the US would be `` 001 '' + -LRB- area code -RRB- + -LRB- local number -RRB- + '' * '' . If you are using PSTN and VOIP , then you need to precede with '' ## '' before anything else , then add '' * '' to the end . If you do not connect a PSTN line to the device , then it defaults to VOIP mode and you can leave out the '' ## '' in the front.So far , it works very well , very reliably . My only complaint is that the Skype window pops-up in front when I initiate or terminate a call . Not sure if there is a setting to stop this from happening , but that would make this solution perfect . I just want Skype to say minimized in the system tray.Anyways , it 's very good , it all works well , IMHO .
 I purchased DPH-50U from RadioShack for $ -LSB- ... -RSB- -LRB- Manager 's Special -RRB- . It came with a phone cable , usb cable , software CD and a Quick Install Guide . It took me less than 15 minutes to setup . The instructions in quick install guide are sufficient for the installation and setup . However , for detailed intructions on how to use the equipment , go to the manual in the CD.It works very well with Skype version 3.2.0.175 -LRB- which is the latest version as of August 07 -RRB- . I used it to call both Skype and SkypeOut . The Skype call got `` hung '' after 20 minutes but didnt disconnect , so I hung up myself . I am not sure whether it was due it Skype or the D-Link adapter . In any case , 2-10 minutes call were all successful.I will be posting detailed configuration on http://tecnologyenthusiast.blogspot.com/ in next couple of days -LRB- hopefully with pictures -RRB- .
 I use this item with it 's own phone . I followed the the instructions , all right , I did n't follow the instructions , not the first time . It did n't work . But , when I did follow the instructions it work right away and now I use the phone instead of the headset . This is not a substitute for Vonage or other VOIP services . The computer has to be on for the unit to be used but that 's okay , mine is on most of the time and I 'm used to calling on Skype . For 10 bucks , grab it while you can . The rebate is over soon .
 I found this item useful , with setup a breeze . However , the drivers suck . I recommend downloading the USRobotics 9620 Skype adapter drivers which will work with this device .
 This little box , -LSB- ... -RSB- after the rebate is awesome . It works as designed and as described . All I had to do , is go to the website , pull down the latest driver instead of the one that shipped with it , point my drivers to the new install , plug it in , and I 'm done.It was incredibly easy . Of course you may have to have some familiarity with installing drivers on Windows , but it 's really easy if you just follow the on screen instructions.The sound quality is great . Now if this little box , could have skyped installed in it 's firmware and have external power so I did n't have to have the computer on , it would be even better and worth -LSB- ... -RSB- at least to me.Don ' t be too dissuaded by the negative reviews . If you had to risk -LSB- ... -RSB- for the WiFi skype phone , and get your old cordless phone working , this is a better risk .
 I like this product , it is a cheap way to use your existing phones . It works well I would recomend this product .
 So far for $ -LSB- ... -RSB- this unit has worked as expected , no major issues , few light software issues with vista , but hey its Vista . For the price after rebate this unit can not be beat . I changed the files for the default voice mail system to voice files of my husband for a more appealing prompt . I see now the demand has increased for this unit , so has the price dramatically ! .
 For 10 bucks after rebate , this product is a steal . Based on prior reviews , I did n't attempt to use until I had loaded the most current 1.4 drivers/software . It was a hassle to find and install that software -LRB- thats why I deducted 1 star -RRB- . But , after installation on my WinXP machine , it was well worth it . Instead of being tethered to my computer with a headset , I can now use my cordless phone for both Skype and regular -LRB- Vonage , in my case -RRB- phone calls . I use Skype for my second line at home ; for the dirt cheap cost of a Skype subscription , its a no-brainer if you need a second outgoing line for those days when you are working from home . Of course , the WinXP computer must be turned on for this box to work.When I use my cordless phone , by default the call goes out through my regular phone lines just like before I hooked up this device . The only pain is the need to push 5 extra buttons -LRB- ## 001 < area code > < number > * -RRB- to make a domestic Skype call unless you 've established a shortcut in Skype for the number -LRB- ## < shortcut id > * -RRB- . Skype call quality can be excellent -LRB- usually -RRB- or not so good ; is that the fault of Skype or the device?I have neither used Skype for incoming calls or for bridging PSTN and Skype calls yet . But , if I do , I 'll update the review .
 The D-Link DPH-50U & use with skype exceeded my expectations . Works Great and allows me to VoIP to college buddies ! Simple to setup , 5 minutes tops .
 Very good phone adapter , i am happyEsto funciona perfectamente bien , estoy contento con la compra
 Update 11-21-09 Are you crapping me ? This thing is selling for $ 149 now ? I paid something like $ 15 and got a $ 10 rebate . I bought it on Amazon in April 09 . I have been very happy with this product . The call quality is great . Not sure if it is worth $ 150 though.This adaptor works great . The call quality is excellent . The updated driver from d-links website works perfectly . Like everyone says , do n't use the driver from the included cd . I give it 4 stars instead of 5 only because they should be including the newest drivers with the cd to make installation easier . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I do n't usually write reviews but I think this one will be helpful . This device is good but the software is problematic -LRB- hence the mixed reviews -RRB- . For example , it will not work with Skype 4 or with Win XP service pack 2 & 3 -LRB- and I 'm not sure if it would work with Vista service 2 & 3 -RRB- . However , if you have windows 7 , I would recommend this device if you install it properly .1 -RRB- You will need to install the old skype -LRB- version 3 -RRB- -LRB- you can get it from old apps - just google it -RRB- . MAKE SURE TO INSTALL IT USING THE COMPATIBILITY MODE - ignore the warnings compatibility problems from Windows !!!! -LRB- right click the setup icon > click on properties > click on the `` compatibility '' tab and choose Windows Vista and place a tick above -RRB- 2 -RRB- Download the latest driver from D-link -LRB- 1.1 -RRB- and install it with the compatibility mode -LRB- as done above -RRB- and choose Windows Vista -LRB- plain Vista without service pack -RRB- .3 -RRB- Change the audio settings in Skype to accommodate the new device -LRB- tools > options > audio settings -RRB- . The device should work properly now . Do n't forget to press # * before you make a call with the phone and # once you want it to dial.Also , DO N'T PULL OUT THE USB before closing the program it may mess things up ... Hope this helps.EDIT : The old Skype version should be 3.6.0.248 and make sure to disable the automatic updates in Skype -LRB- tools > options > advanced -RRB- Also , please make sure that the d-link software is in compatibility mode once it is installed by going to -LRB- c > program files > D-Link -RRB- and making sure that the installed files are in fact set to run in compatibility mode .
 This works great . However , DO NOT use the software that comes with the device . In addition , follow the directions below . -LRB- these directions were posted by someone else and they worked perfectly for me -RRB- 1 . Download and install skype . I recommend getting one of the monthly plans and buying 12 months because you get 25 % off -LSB- ... -RSB- 2 . Go to dlink website and download newest drivers - see instructions above . -LRB- DO NOT YET INSTALL -RRB- 3 . open dph-50u box and discard CD . make sure you locate UPC and serial sticker before you throw away box to claim the rebate -RRB- 4 . Get your skype/phone adapter setup prepared . -LRB- DO NOT PLUG IN DPH-50U YET as it will mess things up -RRB- -LRB- you really want to do as much work ahead of time so you do n't have to bother moving stuff around after . There will be alot of wires -RRB- 5 . The dlink drivers come zipped so the best thing to do is create a new folder on your desktop and unzip the driver to that folder -LRB- very important -RRB- 6 . Open folder and double click `` setup '' icon -LRB- DO NOT PLUG IN UNIT YET -RRB- 7 . After install completes plug in dph-50u . you will see a popup that says `` new usb device found '' and then a driver dialogue box will pop up . Select `` install from location '' and click next . Now you will be able to select the folder in which you unzipped the drivers to . click next and the drivers will begin to install . Once this completes a second driver will be installed . just follow the same instructions above .8 . Once this is complete you should see a `` red phone icon '' in your system tray . this is fine . Open skype . Skype may say `` Dlink ... wants to access skpe '' Allow this . The dlink icone should then turn blue .9 . Go to skype window . On top navigation select tool/option/audio options . There are 3 drop down menus for audio , microphone and ringer . Make sure all 3 are selected for the d-link -LRB- very important -RRB-
 This gadget is 3 years old . It was gathering dust from when Skype made it 's big push to be a phone provider . I 've been using Skype on and off for 2 or 3 years , but this last year I finally decided to dump my long distance carrier . So I wanted to get serious about making calls and wanted to dump the headset/microphone combo on my computer.This is the perfect device . You get normal POTS and internet calls by your old handset . I 've got a nice Uniden wireless handset and it works great ! The only hassle is you 'll have to download drives from d-link directly to support Vista . Plus the driver has not passed M$ certification so you get a big warning before you load it . Just make sure you use the `` VOIPCapture '' and `` VOIPPlayback '' for your Microphone/Speaker playback so it 'll go trough your handset.Unfortunately Skype will change these settings whenever you unplug/plug a new audio device on your computer so you need to check the settings often . Other than that the sound quality is awesome and it gives you freedom to wander the house again when you 're on the phone.Great buy !
 I was skeptical this product and so cheap under $ 10 , but when I install properly , and hook up with Ooma and regular cordless phone Panasonic , Wow I love it . Install drivers from D-Link website.I 'm using Ooma and Skype , It will save your money for long distance especially calling to other country.I upgraded my Skype newest one -LRB- 3.8.0.188 -RRB- , no problem at all.Tips
 First of all read Affordabletech 's review . It has everything to get you going . I will summarize :1 . Throw away the CD that came with the product .2 . Get the latest Vista driver -LRB- even if you have XP -RRB- from the dlink website .3 . Unzip it to some folder . Double click on Setup.exe4 . Some driver-installation windows will pop-up , point them to the location where you unzipped the zip file .5 . Now connect your dlink hardware to the computer.It works flawlessly . -LRB- I tried it with XP-SP2 -RRB- . I can not praise it enough.Another tip
 I got the product from Amazon and installed it right away , which is a real easy task to do simply following the instructions coming along with the 50U . Now , the product itself performed as promised , but , I must add , I have had a higher level of unexpected dropped calls since then . I have called the same numbers I used to call before installing the 50U , and I have gotten unexpected dropped calls at 3 times the rate I got them dropped for not a particular reason before . My computer only has 512MB RAM , so I am putting the blame on this . I already purchased 1 MB more and today I am going to install it and run a new set of tests calling the same numbers.Update as of Oct 9 , 2007 . I upgraded my computer memory and it was not it.Then I wrote to skype support and I got the following recommendation :1 -RRB- Ensure that you are using the latest version of Skype , available for free from
 I bought the D-Link Skype USB Phone Adapter a couple of weeks ago , and have been using it ever since . Before buying it , I read a lot of the reviews posted here , and was aware that I could have problems with it 's driver . Well , I did.The problem : I have running , in my machine , WIN XP SP2 . First , I tried installing the driver that came in the installation CD -LRB- version 1.0 -RRB- , but at the very end of the installation process , it just stopped . It did n't freeze , did n't crash , it just stopped . And , of course , the installation was incomplete . Then , I tried downloading the newest driver on D-link 's website -LSB- ... -RSB- , which is version 1.1 , but had the exact same problem . Intrigued , I tried installing it in my sister 's computer , which has the exact same OS I have , and , to my surprise , everything worked fine!The solution : Making a long story short , I spent one hole day trying to figure out what was wrong with my computer when , in a moment of rage , I tried installing the driver -LRB- version 1.1 -RRB- 2 times in a row -LRB- this means I killed the installation process - with windows task manager - as soon as it stopped , and immediately tried installing it again -RRB- . IT WORKED ! This second time the installation finished without a problem ! Amazed by this , I uninstalled everything , and repeated the same process again . Installed it the first time , killed the installation process as soon as it stopped , and installed it again . It worked!Usage : After getting past the -LRB- bizarre -RRB- installation , everything works great ! The sound quality is very good , and I can now walk around my house freely , using my wireless regular telephone with skype ! There is just one issue I have , which I do not know if it has to do with the product itself or my Internet connection . Most of the times I experience a small delay in the conversation , meaning it takes a little longer than usual for me to hear the other person 's response . Anyway , this does not bug me very much.Anyway , I have n't had any problems since the installation , and am satisfied with the product !
 Works pretty much as advertised automatically switching between Skype and land line . Downloaded installation software from DLink site rather than using the mini Disk that came with package . It worked immediately . Has had a couple of glitches , but not sure if they were Dlink probs or poor quality internet signal . Once it switched back to land line in the middle of a call and another time it would not dial the number although using proper protocol . Noted it activates even if I dial number from the computer . Can then use address book and simply pick up the phone after dialing on screen . Echo suppression and clarity is better than computer headset and certainly more convenient . Well worth the ten bucks -LRB- if my $ 10 rebate comes through -RRB-
 So I finally got skype and cut the cord on my land line . My wife and I use our cell phones primarily so it was fine to connect our skype use to my computer being switched on so I deceded to go for this low budget approach.Sadly it did not work on my new Vista 64bit machine , something that was not stated on any of the packaging or on the d-link web site . Fortunately I still have my old 32bit xp box and it works just fine on there.So if you have a 32bit XP machine , go for it . If you have Vista 64 bit then it wo n't work . Not sure about other windows versions .
 After reading the negative reviews , I had half-expected to experience many problems , eventually leading to serious dissatisfaction with a product shortcoming . But the kludge does work with my Uniden DECT2085-3 -LRB- DECT 6.0 -RRB- cordless phone ! -LRB- I 'm running XP SP1 . Dunno if SP2 & SP3 will work . -RRB- I did download the drivers from d-link . com , rather than using the supplied CD . I did have trouble installing the drivers -LRB- had to point the installation program to the directory where the install software was located . -RRB- The next step is weird , because initially , the Uniden -LRB- DECT -RRB- phone did not work , and I 'm not quite sure what I did to get it to work . Its possible that the handset was n't charged enough to operate properly . I suspect the D-Link icon was red for the entire time I was using the Uniden , and thus was n't providing a working line to the phone.The documentation is egregiously inadequate . A noteworthy detail is that the D-link driver icon may show up in the status bar as a red handset , which means its not operational . When its working , the icon is a blue telephone . I switched to an ancient phone to finish configuration and get the setup working . Then I went back to the Uniden phone.The start up sequence is important . Reboot , login , insert adapter , wait for device detection . Plug in the phone . -LRB- I did not plug in an alternate phone line . -RRB- Run skype . -LRB- The latest version , 4.0.0.226 , works ! -RRB- Login to skype account , -LRB- make sure the account has money ... -RRB- and make sure in Tools - > Options - > General - > Audio Settings , that both microphone and speakers are set to `` D-link Virtual Audio Device '' . -LRB- Avoid the IVR selection . I think its for PBX type devices . -RRB- On the adapter , the blue LEDs for Power and VOIP should be lit -LRB- and PSTN should not be lit -RRB- . If the D-Link icon is a blue telephone , pick up the handset . If you hear a dialtone , it works!Note
 Easy to operate . Sometimes it disconect from skype but can be skype and not this .
 The software/driver that came with the product stinks . You will need to use a driver made by a different company , USRobotics . Only install the USRobotics driver for the belkin adapter . Also , I tried it with my 32-bit windows 2000 pro system and it works fine . I also tried it on my 64-bit vista system and it does not work . Oh , I do n't know if this is related to the product , but the audio from the phone seems high pitch and my male ear had difficulty deciphering the conversation . Thanks .
 I love this thing . It 's great if you prefer using a standard telephone over a headset.Skype is great . If you call a lot of international numbers , you 'll save a ton of money on long distance . if you want to take advantage of this and have somebody in your household who really is n't a computer person , this would be a good option for you .
 Good integration with skype application . installed smoothly , good voice quality . I recommend this for people who have their computer switched on always .
 We recently dropped Vonage and moved to Skype because $ 60 a year -LRB- for SkypeOut and a phone number -RRB- is a lot cheaper than $ 24.99 / month . You connect this device to your computer via USB and then you plug your regular phone into the device . I recommend you use a cordless phone with multiple handsets.CONS
 So far , so good . It does everything it promised . The only glitch was that the included CD was most likely not compatible with Windows Vista and I had to do a work around . Went to the D-Link website and downloaded the drivers . Worked fine after that . I also had to go into my Skype , Tools , Options , Audio Settings and make changes so I could hear/talk with my phone . If you do n't do that , it will default to whatever your Skype settings are . You also have to manually reset these settings if you want to use your webcam while on Skype , vice the phone . Once you know this , it only takes about five seconds to make the changes . I really like the flexibility that this adapter offers .
 Having spent 25 years as a Technology Manager and Data Systems Integrator , I 've seen many different waves of `` the next best thing '' . As CIO , I 've integrated VoIP technology into a company with 600 employees at 16 branch offices . I 've seen the technology work in the business field and was always hoping that someday it would trickle down to the home user.The early days of Voice over Internet Protocol -LRB- VoIP -RRB- was tedious and unstable at best . Now , the home user has many choices of hardware that is highly integrated and extremely easy to set up . No complicated manuals . It is really as easy as plug and play.I 've set this unit up , along with a Vtech DECT 6.0 4 handset cordless phones system at home using Skype . For under $ 100 per YEAR I have what would usually cost $ 100 per month . Every feature , every perk that you could want and then some . If you have a Windows XP PC , a broadband connection to the internet and about 30 minutes of free time , you can do this!I give it a five star right down the line ~ CVN
 I bought this because I figured if this works I can just use it as a cheap home phone with Skype . I figured if it did n't that it was cheap enough that I would n't be out a whole lot of money and could just switch to the phone service through my cable company . Well I am still using the d-link dph-50u and skype and every thing works great . I cant tell any difference from the cable companies phone service . The only bad thing is you will obviously have to have your computer on all the time .
 Well It 's been a couple weeks since I installed this device on my PC and it has run like a champ . I guess they have ironed out the driver bugs since it was released 2 years ago because it took no real effort to install . The manual is pretty useless though . The one hiccup I found while installing the device was getting the driver to connect with Skype . It turns out that you have to change Skype 's audio settings before it will connect with the device . Nowhere in the manual is this explained and it resulted in about a half hour of wasted time . In the end that 's no big deal but for someone not quite as tech savvy it could cause them to return the unit thinking it does n't work . Another quirk in the software is that it mutes the wave volume control and turns down the master volume when a call is placed or received . It does n't reset the volume after the call which requires you to manually reset them . It would n't be a big deal if it was just a master volume mute but having to constantly open and reconfigure the audio setting is a little annoying . A volume setting reset feature should be built into the driver . Without those problems this is a 5 star device . placing and receiving calls is as simple as picking up a standard phone and voice quality is comparable if not better than standard telephone calls . This is an excellent alternative to subscribing to landline phone service and will save you loads of money to boot !
 Was a serious pain to install , but after reading other reviews on Amazon I discovered that you do not want to use the install disc that comes with the device . Instead , go to D-link 's web site and download the Vista driver . I believe it is version 1.10 and then use the set-up application in the downloaded file . Also , you have to change the settings under Skype options to make sure you are using your phone as the voip capture and voip playback . After I did that it worked fine although I still have to use the onscreen Skype number pad to dial . Not sure if this is supposed to be the way it works , but all in all it seems to work pretty well right now .
 I just got this from BEST BUY and the price was same as Amazon -LRB- $ 60 -RRB- , for now . I went out looking for a USB Skype Phone and bumped into this one and bought it right away . I am very pleased with this product and my purchase and would highly recommend it and here is why.I have both SkypeIn -LRB- allows you to have a phone no . of your choice for 30 Euros , approx US$ 38 , per YEAR . -RRB- and SkypeOut -LRB- allows you to call any phone in the world much like a prepaid phone card -RRB- and I wanted to be able to use Skype away from my PC/Laptop so that I was not `` tied '' to one place in my apartment . So I started looking into USB Skype phones . A good one with a cord costs around $ 40 and a good cordless one costs $ 80 -LRB- I am referring to the one from Linksys and that one does n't have the best reviews in the world so I was bit skeptical -RRB- . Now for $ 60 , this adapter plugs right into your USB port and allows you to use any good old phone -LRB- corded or cordless -RRB- with Skype . It does n't need any separate power supply and is a nice little self contained unit.Installation was a breeze and took less than 2 minutes and no computer reboot was necessary . I fired up Skype and plugged in a old corded phone and was good to go !! I made and received calls via Skype using my old phone and the voice quality was great . Next , I tried a cordless phone and it worked great too . So now I have a wireless Skype phone and I am very pleased with it . Not to mention I am putting my old discarded phones to good use now.You can use the same phone for both Skype and your regular phone line if you want to but since I got rid of my landline phone long time back I could n't try that feature . So I ca n't speak for that part . The manual does say that it 's possible . Overall , I would highly recommend this if you are looking to go wireless with Skype using your good old cordless phones or just want to have the convenience of using a corded phone away from your PC . Believe me , even if you have WiFi in your place you would still want this . I have WiFi but I would rather use a cordless phone to talk on Skype out on my deck rather than lug a laptop and a headset out with me . I think most of you would agree with me on that one . Also , Skype website has similar adapters for a little less money -LRB- $ 10 less I think -RRB- , so you can check those out as well if you like . I was familiar with the D-Link brand name from before compared to the brands on Skype so I went in for this one .
 After months -- I was overly optimistic in my initial review about this product . I played with it but it never went to a fully `` operational '' state on my system . Perhaps I was demanding too much , as I wanted it to run as a service , which could be done but never really worked satisfactorily . My impression is that D-link pushed out a minimal effort , to fill a product niche , that was overpriced for $ 60 . Might be okay for $ 15 - $ 20 -- it 's really a cheap piece of hardware , but do n't expect nearly anything out of this product that you 'll get from a VOIP Gateway device these days for $ 40 - $ 70 . Unimaginative . The internals are off the shelf and the associated drivers are okay , but not great . The device works okay as advertised . I would now put 2-stars on this product -LRB- 1 star at $ 60 , 2 stars at $ 30 , and 3 stars at $ 20 . Maybe 4 stars at $ 10 - $ 15 . -RRB- ------------------------ Here 's my earlier review.The adapter hardware is good , but the driver needs work . I found the autorun installation program clunky . The developers put a visually classy but functionally clunky proprietary user interface on the autorun install program , and for some reason the `` choice '' buttons are DOA on my XP Professional machine . Can not even close the autorun install program.If you have that problem , just run the Setup.exe program directly instead of relying on the UI . Do not plug in the adapter before you run it . Skype should be running before you run setup . But not a fatal error -- just rerun the Setup.exe if you 're spacey like me . I really got ta read the instructions . My phone hooked up great!Now my BIG COMPLAINT . This is a telephone adapter that should work 24-7 , no matter who is logged in on my multi-user installation , right ? Wrong ! The driver does n't install as a Windows service , but runs as a startup application -LRB- specified in the Windows registry -RRB- under the current user credentials , and requires an Administrator account.There is an article in the Skype forum that describes how to install the driver as a Windows service . -LRB- And it works with similar product drivers from other manufacturers . -RRB- You need to do that to support a multiuser configuration in Windows . Otherwise , you 'll lose connected calls when you log out . You 'll also be unable to use the phone unless a user is logged in as an administrator . If you need to support multiuser logins , or you just want to run the adapter as a service independent of the user login credentials , then I suggest searching for `` Dlink DPH-50U Adapter '' in the Skype forum , and follow the instructions there to install the adapter application as a Windows service . A note of caution
 It 's junk out of the box with the drivers they ship it with because it drops calls . Every call . No kidding.But keep reading , things improve.The secret to getting this to work properly is to download new drivers . The secret to the new drivers is that the latest drivers for Windows XP are in the Windows Vista driver download package on their support site.So if you have this box and you have Windows XP , download the Windows Vista driver pack instead . The installation process fails a bit as well . It is not fully automated . When Windows XP finds the new hardware you will have to point it to the new XP drivers yourself . Telling it to search for the drivers on it 's own will not work.D-Link should fix their software and have it look for and prompt users to download the latest drivers/firmware . The latest driver also eliminates the awful noise that was previously emitted when the number was being dialed . It 's now replaced with the rather pleasant , standard skype dialing sound.With the latest driver installed the box performs like a champ . I 'd have given it 5 stars if D-link had shipped it with a properly working driver in the first place/or if I had been prompted to install new drivers by the installation package , or if their website was clear about how to get new XP drivers.Ultimately , if you want a skype solution that allows you to use a regular phone system with skype , this is the product for you . -LRB- Just download the new driver for it before installing it the first time . -RRB-
 D-Link DPH-50U is a great device , but unfortunately the driver that come with this hardware is unreliable and does n't allow you to use the adapter with non-administrative account -LRB- s -RRB- . Instead download and install the USRobotics driver instead from the USRobotics support website . Trust me , the USRobotics driver accually does work with the D-Link DPH-50U adapter . Ever since I started using it , Skype has n't crashed once and I 'm able to use it on non-administrative account -LRB- s -RRB- . I 've also heard that this driver solves many other known problems as well .
 OK first off I have read practically every review on the internet about this box and all other Voip phone adapater and decided to buy this one because for $ 9 after rebate you really have nothing to lose . I just want to comment that did follow some instructions that I found in the posts and even spend an hour with a dlink support agent -LRB- which was totally useless -RRB- but I also had to figure a few things out on my own - which I will share in this post . I spoke with a support agent and they basically have no support material for the newest driver so do n't een bother calling . I just want to say that the single most important thing you do is download the new driver from the dlink website . -LRB- go to website , on top navigation click ` support ' ` downloads ' ` dph-50u ' and download the newest driver -LRB- says 1.1 , but it 's relly 1.01 -RRB- OK so now on the installation instructions .1 . Download and install skype . I recommend getting one of the monthly plans and buying 12 months because you get 25 % off -LRB- unlimited calling in North america for $ 26.55 per year ! yes please ! -RRB- 2 . Go to dlink website and download newest drivers - see instructions above . -LRB- DO NOT YET INSTALL -RRB- 3 . open dph-50u box and discard CD . make sure you locate UPC and serial sticker before you throw away box to claim the rebate -RRB- 4 . Get your skype/phone adapter setup prepared . -LRB- DO NOT PLUG IN DPH-50U YET as it will mess things up -RRB- -LRB- you really want to do as much work ahead of time so you do n't have to bother moving stuff around after . There will be alot of wires -RRB- 5 . The dlink drivers come zipped so the best thing to do is create a new folder on your desktop and unzip the driver to that folder -LRB- very important -RRB- 6 . Open folder and double click `` setup '' icon -LRB- DO NOT PLUG IN UNIT YET -RRB- 7 . After install completes plug in dph-50u . you will see a popup that says `` new usb device found '' and then a driver dialogue box will pop up . Select `` install from location '' and click next . Now you will be able to select the folder in which you unzipped the drivers to . click next and the drivers will begin to install . Once this completes a second driver will be installed . just follow the same instructions above .8 . Once this is complete you should see a `` red phone icon '' in your system tray . this is fine . Open skype . Skype may say `` Dlink ... wants to access skpe '' Allow this . The dlink icone should then turn blue .9 . Go to skype window . On top navigation select tool/option/audio options . There are 3 drop down menus for audio , microphone and ringer . Make sure all 3 are selected for the d-link -LRB- very important -RRB- OK so now you 're basically all setup to make calls . If you are interested in the more advanced features such as forwarding and toll bypass -LRB- you must have a PSTN connected aswell for these features to work -RRB- following the sets below10 . Right click the blue icon in system tray and select ` configure . ' you can mess around here if you like . I wo n't go into much detail but basically you need to enable call forwarding and toll bypass in the pstn to voip and voip to pstn . Enter the number you want to forward to and enable `` administrative mode '' and select your pin.Always remember that when you want to make a call on voip with your hand set you must dial ## 00 -LRB- country code -RRB- -LRB- telephone number -RRB- * -- the star is very easy to forget.The best thing to do in my mind is in you phone handsets speed dial -LRB- if it has -RRB- type all of these numbers in . I have a cordless system with a couple of handsets and i have entered in all the common long distance numbers with all of the # 's 0 's and * 's . On a final note - if you want the toll bypass to work -LRB- and the manual does not support the new drivers !!! -RRB- what you do is call in on your pstn line -LRB- or voip -RRB- and once you hear `` your call is being forwarded '' press -LRB- * -RRB- and it will allow you to enter your pin code and make your long distance call . This in my mind is the most valuble feature this product offers . YOU CAN MAKE FREE LONG DISTANCE CALLS FROM YOUR CELL PHONE !!! I really hope this helps because i have spent a lot of time messing around with this thing and now I have access to all of these features . If dlink you just upgrade their manual i do n't think there would be so many problems .
 I dont know whats up with the negative reviews . This product is awesome . I ordered it from Amazon and it arrived about 5 days later . The packaging contained the DPH-50U , a usb cable , a manual and cd.Installation : Here is what you do . Open the package , and throw away the install cd that came with it . Go to `` skype.com '' and install their software . Then - either sign up for pay-as-u-go minutes or one of their plans . Then go to D-LINK and install their software for Vista 1.1 -LRB- it includes XP -RRB- for the DPH-50U . You install the software by downloading it , extracting it to one of your own libraries , and double clicking on setup in that library . After it is installed , reboot your machine . Then plus in the the DPH-50U . When windows says it found new hardware and needs drivers , point it to the library you just downloaded to . Thats it!Using it : After its installed , making calls is a breeze . Your existing phone plugs into the DPH-50U and u make calls by dialing ## -001 - yourareacode-yourphonenumer - * . Calls are as clear as landlines . I dont know how they do this cos its VOIP -LRB- same as Vonage -RRB- but when I had Vonage , it sucked royally . Sounded like I was at a canyon with bad echo 's and delays . Skype doesnt seem to have any of that . It works great .
 This unit can be great with the right drivers . As others have said , DO NOT INSTALL THE DRIVERS THAT COME WITH THIS UNIT . Instead , download and install the newer drivers directly from D-link . With the newer drivers , this works great . I am using it with a four receiver cordless phone system from Uniden and it frees me to use SKYPE throughout the house with wonderful sound quality . The one caveat is that it is unlikely there will be any more updated drivers for this -LRB- one star penalty -RRB- . It does work with SKYPE 4.0 , but SKYPE left out Speed Calling in 4.0 , so unless they put it back in , if you want to use 4.0 you will need to dial -LRB- or program into your phone -RRB- lots of digits to make a call . I reverted back to 3.8 for now .
 Got this little box about a month ago and it 's worked great ever since . The installation is really easy as well , the only problem I had with the install is that I was using remote desktop and it disables remote audio devices so this was n't showing up till I logged directly into the server I was installing it on .
 Followed the instructions in the Quick Install Guide and the driver installed . It took a little guess work to configure Skype to use the D-Link adapter , but it was just a couple of mouse clicks and it was working.The Quick Install Guide covers how to dial out on Skype using your phone ... Dialing a USA number - ## 001 telephonenumber
 This is really a perfect piece of hardware for the price . I paid about 10 $ after rebate and now I can use any usual landline phone to use skype , instead of buying very expensive skype-specific phones.When I got it , I installed the driver coming in the box . NEVER DO IT . It ruined my windows drastically !! It ruined the installed drivers for DVD-ROM , audio card modem card , ... . Fortunately , I fixed it easily using windows system restore.The key point is to get the updated driver from dlink.com and destroy the cd coming in the box . I do n't know why dlink does not include the new driver in the package , it 's been released in 2006 but still dlink packs the device with the defective driver.After instaling the new driver I have been using it for a week and have not had any problem . It works perfect .
 I had been subscribed another VOIP connection for many years . But its monthly price is equal to a yearly cost of SKYPE , so I decided to switch to SKYPE . Having a D-Link dph-5OU adapter , I was able to use my existing wiring and handset . While installing the software , just do n't be panic when you see the installation menu comes out again . The first time is installing the hardware , the second path is to connect the skype . I got pretty confused in the beginning , until I installed it the second time . Installation is really simple . Always download the newest version for installation from company 's website . It 's a great buy , and the connection to skype is so clear . It 's better than my old VOIP connection . Now I can use wireless phone to talk to my friends everywhere on Skype or call regular landline .
 Setting this up was relatively easy but here are a few things that might help if you 're hooking it up to Vista for the first time . This was not mentioned in any of the prior reviews here so I thought I 'd mention it and maybe help someone out in a similar situation .0 -RRB- Before you start , read through the quick setup completely BEFORE starting . Then scan through all the reviews here on Amazon . Each little tidbit and tip builds into a powerhouse of knowledge and great advice . It 'll take some time but believe me , it pays tenfold to find out what to do and what NOT to do before you start .1 -RRB- The CD I got listed drivers as v1 .01 . According to the website , there are only v1 .0 -LRB- XP -RRB- and v1 .10 -LRB- Vista -RRB- . Just to be safe , I downloaded ` v1 .10 ' and used that . During installation however , the release notes seem to indicate it is a ver1 .01 so it might just be a typo error on the website . I would recommend using the website driver anyways as that should always contain the latest version .2 -RRB- The Vista installation went through really fast . There was n't really any explicit message asking to plug the dph50u in . The final install screen said the installation would complete when the dph50u is plugged in but does n't say when to do it . And then it exits and the software setup ends ! What you need to do is plug it into your USB slot after it exits and the actual hardware installation begins . No reboots needed .3 -RRB- Next , open Skype goto options - > audiodevices and select ` voip capture ' and ` voip playback ' as your mic and speaker/ringing settings accordingly.And that should be it ... unless you have a logitech webcam . .4 -RRB- The logitech webcam software interferes with the audio device settings above and resets them to the default windows audio device when a -RRB- skype is restarted or b -RRB- after every call ends -LRB- ouch ! -RRB- . Two things you can do . Change the default audio device in control panel OR disable your logitech software from starting up -LRB- control panel - > sys and maintenance - > admin tools - > sys config - > startup tab . Uncheck the logitech items -RRB- . I chose to do the latter so that we could still use the computer and get sound through the pc speakers while only skype directed audio through the voip phone . I can still use the webcam by manually starting up the software from the programs menu . If all else fails , uninstall the logitech software completely but that also kills your ability to use the webcam.It 's been running continuously for half a day now . No blue screens , no crashes yet . So DLink if you 're reading this , good job ! Looking at the early negative reviews , this product has come a long way .
 Works very well once you figure out what you need to do.If you are using Vista , be sure to download new drivers.The instructions are pretty vague , but manageable . But it goes like this :1 . Download the drivers from Dlink2 . Install the drivers3 . Plug in the phone adapter4 . Finish the installation5 . Open up Skype and tell it to use VOIP for both the MIC and the Speaker . -LRB- If you do n't do this , you will not hear anything from the phone , you will just hear it through the computer . -RRB- The Dlink Adapter software takes care of the '' + '' sign you need to add when dialing a number in skype . Then you just pickup the phone and dial the normal 001-555-222-1234 or what ever number you want from the phone.If you dive a little further in skype you can assign speed dials to your contacts , this allows you to call your skype contacts that do not have skype phone number.Overall it the phone adapter works very , very well . I can tell no real difference between the quality of Skype using a headset or using a phone . Of course , it pays to use a good quality phone , not your grandma 's hand me down cordless with a telescopic antenna.Reviewer Background Information : Gender
 I think it is a great product , and will make a very impressive statementin the interest of the manufacturers and suppliers.Carl A. Austin -LSB- . . -RSB-
 I had problem installing the driver at first because the driver CD that came with the product does not compatible with Vista . I had to download the latest version from the website . The call quality is good to excellent . I connect it to a regular cordless phone and it works great . I also bought a Skype online number and it works just like any land line phone.If it was not because of the driver problem , this product would have earned five stars rating from me.Give it a try to see it for yourself .
 I work in international sales and I bought it for my country distributors in different countries . It really allow me to be in touch as we 're in the same town , we call each other any time and even the quality of the calls , sometimes are better than regular phone calls . We also get rid of the mic and earphones so the environment around the PC looks cleaner .
 Just installed the software that came with the adapter . NO problems at all . Anyone with basic knowledge of computers will have no problems either . The only thing to watch is when Skype recognizes the adapter is to allow it to access your Skype account . It appears in the Skype window in underlined blue -LRB- like a url link -RRB- in the upper left hand corner . People that had issues probably did n't see the permission link.Sound quality excellent and is working perfectly . Plus once installed you only have to pick up the landline and then click your contact in Skype and it dials it for you . Nearly idiot proof which may say something about the previous reviewers that rated it lower.Highly recommended .
 Short Version
 Hi Guys , I had lot of trouble getting this hardware to start . First I thought it didnot came the installation CD so I tried to find the driver online and could n't get it to work . Then I finally found the CD hidden in the packet and the installation was fine . Then I tried calling out but it didnot work . After reading the manual I found that you have to dial 001 area code and number and then * to call .
 This one is working perfectly so far with the new driver . I have Win XP-SP3 but do n't have any issue . In my opinion the key is to use the new driver from D-Link website in place of the driver , shipped in the CD along with this . Highly recommended .
 It generally works perfect . Some times I get hung up on and it lot of static . It might not be the D-Link . If you understand how Skype works through someone elses PC , you have to wonder . The only complaints were it was difficult to install . Do n't use the software it comes with , download new code from D-Link . Next , the volume is much higher , and my desk phone ca n't lower the volume . It is a great product and a great idea !
 Worked great for me but installation was tricky . For Vista you need to ignore the Cd it comes with a go to the web site : http://www.dlink.com/products/support.asp?pid=466&sec;=0#driversto download the driver . You should follow the instructions carefully . Also , I needed to install 3 times with a reboot in the middle before it would finally work.Also , you need to set a few options in Skype to make sure the sound goes to the phone : http://support.dlink.com/faq/view.asp?prod_id=2728&question;=dph%2D50uThe new menu under Skype is called Audio settings and you should only change the Microphone and Speaker settings to VoipPlayback -LRB- D-Link Virtual Audio Device -RRB- . Other combinations did not work for me .
 Third update , Feb 24 , 2010 . It was good while it lasted , but Windows 7 put the kibosh on using this device . After researching a bit , I found that a similar device , the Zoom , has a 64-bit driver so I thought there was nothing to lose by trying it . Well , turns out I was wrong . Not only did it not work on Windows 7 , apparently -LRB- according to DLink 's tech support -RRB- , even installing the driver corrupted the firmware on the adapter , so when I tried to reconnect to my XP computer , the device was not recognized . DLink says I `` abused '' the device and voided my warranty . So , do n't try that . I am now back to using Skype on PC only . I 'm wary about purchasing any type of Skype device to use with Windows 7 . -- TS _____________________________________ Original reviews using Windows XPI just installed my DPH-50U and it could not have been easier . I heeded the advice in a previous review and downloaded the newest drivers from D-Link . I also downloaded the quick install guide and kept the PDF open while I was installing . The instructions were flawless and every step worked exactly as shown , except in the case of locating the drivers . -LRB- One thing to remember is that when you download drivers and are not using the CD , you need to change the option shown in the instructions from installing automatically to installing from a specific location , which is the folder to which you downloaded the drivers . -RRB- To dial out , I have to first type 001 as the country code -- 1 or 01 do not work . I did n't have to do any configuration at all to get SkypeOut to work . The hardest part of the whole thing was finding a place to plug in the power supply for the phone . Even though the adapter does n't need power , most phones do.I just installed , so I have n't had a chance to use it much yet , but both SkypeIn and SkypeOut seem to be working . -LRB- Now if I could just get local SkypeIn number I could completely ditch my landline . -RRB- Update -LRB- May 09 -RRB-
 See updated review - ca n't change the rating to 1 star but it should be ... Easy install and quick setup . I already had a Skype account so this was ready to go in 15 minutes . I attached an old phone and the sound quality is fabulous . Much better than the laptop speaker/mic setup I had been using.Now that I know this works I might consider upgrading my router to accept a unit that does not require my computer to be on.What a short honeymoon !!! I purchased this in February 2009 & initially had a great experience . It worked perfectly . I plugged my DECT phone into it & the sound and operation were much like my landline . I then bought a Skype phone number & planned on switching many of my phone services to save money.Shortly after the original review I started getting errors . On boot up this hardware would be found as new again & require re-installation . Then the calls would be dropped after about 6 minutes . Then Skype would n't recognize the audio driver -LRB- Zoom -RRB- . When a call was dropped there would be a cryptic error message that left me wondering if it was working or what.I went through various uninstalls , re-installs , re-boots , forced driver updates , etc based on my hours of research into why this was happening . I even called Dlink support.Dlink support is a hierarchy system . First , you get the people who can only read through a script of how to install . At any time your system does not follow the script , they do n't know what to do except repeat the steps & say things like `` Your computer should be showing this message . Something is wrong . '' DUUUHHHHH!It seems to be mandatory to go through this process with them so that you are referred to the 2nd level product specialist . This level is only slightly better . Once they exhaust all of their solutions based on a more complex script you 're done . They do n't have the training to tell you things like the driver is flaky & you should be using a different one . Or the latest Microsoft updates have impacted the drivers & you need to go back to a previous version . Or how to force Skype to recognize their driver . Since this is strictly Skype hardware they should at least know how to do that.In the end the amount of money -LRB- about $ 14 after rebate -RRB- I spent on this pales in comparison to the hours spent trying to get & keep it working.I 'm searching around now for another product to perform the same function but in a reliable fashion .
 This adapter works perfect , higly recommended . Just be careful if installing with Vista , do not even try to use the supplied cd because it will cause your computer to crash -- this happen to my 2 laptops and in one it produced total system failure having to reinstall from scratch the OS and all drivers.If you are installing on Vista , be sure to download first the software for Vista from www.dlink.com and your system will install it nice and smooth .
 I 'm four days into this and so far I 'm pleased . As others have said , drivers for WinXP are bad to say the least -LRB- v1 .0 driver -RRB- . Go to D-Link and download the Windows Vista v1 .10 driver for Windows Vista AND WinXP . I 'm running both Vista and XP on my computer and it 's working great using the Vista v1 .10 drivers for both ! I did n't do this at first and was pulling my hair out on WinXP . I 'm using my cordless phones from my old landline days with no problem . Both cordless handsets ring as normal and I can at last answer Skype in the living room . You do have to leave your computer ON for this unit to work . I can program speed dialing by reprograming my old numbers stored on the cordless phone by adding00 1 -LRB- for USA -RRB- area code-phone number - * , example 001850222-5555 * , no big deal . Read the other reviews for better detail on loading the software , they helped me a lot . DO NOT USE THE INCLUDED CD IN PACKAGE .
 As another reviewer suggested , go to the US Robotics website and use the driver for their VOIP phone usb converter ... the electronics of the two products are similar enough that the driver works perfectly with d-link dph-50u . The only problem I 'm having is that Skype 4.0 no longer supports speed-dial , so I ca n't dial my skype-only contacts from the handset . I 'm thinking about reinstalling Skype 3.8 to solve this problem , but be aware that the issue exists . It 's not the fault of this product 's manufacturers , but the fault of Skype for removing a feature which is necessary for the proper working of this device.All in all , I like this product , and you just ca n't beat the price of $ 10 after rebate ... but ABSOLUTELY DO NOT use the crappy driver that comes in the box . Either download the new Dlink driver from their website or , preferably , use the US Robotics driver .
 Works very good once you use the AU-600 driver . Just do a google for it . The drivers that came with the DPH-500 are not good . So this is the installation method you want to use :1 . Download and install the driver for the AU-600 .2 . Plug in the unit3 . Windows will ask to install the unit - make sure you check the `` find location '' box and navigate to wherever you downloaded the driver and install.Should be good to go ... so in review ... hardware is great - software sucks unless you install the AU 600 . Hope this helps.Michael
 I would have given this a 5 star if the software that came with it worked . Both the D-Link and Skype software were outdated and would not work at all . At least the Skype software would not install because it said there was a newer version . Not true with the D-Link , worked for several hours and did some searching and finally found out where others had the same problem and indicated you needed version 1.4 of the D-Link software . -LRB- had to search to find out where to download , and not from D-Link 's web site -RRB- With this installed everything worked great . Have taken several calls from my son in Italy that come across our wireless phone connected to the D-Link box . Found out an incoming call on the land line disconnected the Skype call . Wo n't be a problem soon as we will disconnect that line and only use Skype.As someone else mentioned
 I have been using the DLink Skype addapter for a few weeks and it seems to work pretty well . Sometimes I can not make a call out on it either by direct dialling through Skype or by usuing Skype to iniatate the call but I am not sure if this is a problem with Skype or my computer , my internet connection or the DLink device . I suspect it is the connection between the DLink device and Skype.I did try the SkypeIN Skype addon for MS Outlook which let me place skype calls directly from MS Outlook . I really likied it because it streamlined placing calls . I did n't use SkypeIn 's call record or call log features as I only wanted it for making calls directly from Outlook . Unfortunatly I had to stop using SkypeIn as it locked up and froze Outlook too many times . I am already running several other Outlook AddIns -LRB- CloudMark Spam Filter and QuickBooks Timetracker for Outlook -RRB- so they might have been conflicting with each other . I need the other Outlook AddIns so I removed SkypeIn.With SkypeIn removed there are two other ways to place a phone call using my office phone and skype . I can go to the Skype interface on my computer and start the call and then use my phone 's handset to talk or I can dial the Skype call directly from my handset . If I dial the call directly from my handset I need to dial ## then the country conde then the area code then the phone number then the star key.It is a lot of extra work but I was paying over $ 100 per month per line for an office phones before using Skype for our office phone . Now I pay $ 3 per month . I 'll dial the extra numbers.This device works fine with the occasional glich which may not be the fault of the device.I have the DLink device connected to my Windows Vista computer .
 Okay , so when I purchased this item I first installed the drivers from DLINK -LRB- I have windows vista -RRB- . When I did this , I could barely get this adaptor to work . I wasted WAY too much time messing around with the DLINK drivers . I originally read the review about using the US Robotics one , however , I made the mistake of first using the DLINK ones . After switching to the US Robotics driver , the device finally worked on a regular basis . After you installed the drivers and it does not work , reboot your computer and see if that does it . If not , uninstall the US Robotics driver and try it again.Now , I have a laptop but I rarely move it . So when I did this a week ago , and therefore unplugged the DLink adaptor , when I plugged it in again , it did not work . This was a huge headache . But after uninstalling and reinstalling the drivers it did work again.I got this to save on my monthly cell phone bill . For $ 10 , after MIR , it was a good deal . Just , for your own sake , install the US Robotics driver . -LSB- ... -RSB- If you have Vista , download their beta driver . It works for me . Anyways best of luck with this product . I rated it a 4 , because if you can get it working , its great . Remember on Skype under tools , options , audio settings , to have VoipCapture and VoipPlayback selected for microphone and speakers.Best of luck !!!
 Well I just got my adapter today and I already installed and used it and all I can say is that I LOVE IT !!! call quality are great . . However I follow the instruction in another review , that was not to used the CD-RM that came in the package . What I did was 1 -RRB- go to d-link web site 2 -RRB- search for this product which name is DPH-50U 3 -RRB- click in drivers and download the latest one 4 -RRB- installed the software first and then installed the device to the computer . ** Also keep in mind that if you keep using your landline you must dial ## 001-area code-phone number - * this will be helpful
 I have been interested in going internet for my family 's phone service , but my wife worred about reliability of internet VOIP phone service . It is easy enough to install , but if you have VISTA , do n't use the included software or it will `` sort of crash '' your computer . I knew this , but I had to try it . Once I restarted my computer and removed the disfunctional program I went to the Robotics program , advised by others and it worked fine . Remember , you wo n't have 911 service and you ca n't use your fax machine . If you rarely fax , you can download PAMFAX and sort of scan and email type fax , but it is relatively expensive , if you fax a lot of stuff .
 I bought this item in early March 2009 . Installation is easy . I first installed US Robotics driver from their website.After installation , I could hear the dialing tone . But I could not make a successful call . I heard no rings from the other end and no voice was heard on either ends . Trying to solve the problem , I changed the driver to D-link 's latest driver from their website . Still having the same problem.Searching on google , I found that someone had problem while using this adapter with DECT phone . So I switched to a regular wired phone and bingo ! The calls went through with no problem . The voice quality is good , but not superb . Maybe the wired phone is too old . So far my longest conversation using this adapter is 22 minutes . I am happy with what I got with $ 10 .
 Fine product . Easy to install , easy to use and absoutly outstanding sound quality . Should have bought this for my Skype needs a long time ago .
 Thank goodness , I read the reviews here before just plugging in the unit and puting in the installation CD . Do n't do this . I run Vista , so go to the DLINk site and get the driver version 1.10 , NOT 1.1 Just run it and then connect the device by USB , and after the phone . Lastly you just choose VOIP Dlink for mike , speakers and ringing , and you 're done.Mine ... surprisingly ... worked perfectly , immediately on my portable internet system and Panasonic mobile phone . Perfect.Thanks to all the previous reviewers who spared me lotsa grief , and got me making calls immediately . If you give a little read to some of the other reviews you will probably enjoy a successful installation . Who knew it was so easy and practical to virtually eliminate long distance calls . Good luck !
 I received my Skype Telephone Adapter yesterday and I can say that after talking on the phone for at least 4 hrs to several friends out of state it works flawlessly so far . It took less than 5 minutes to set up , and if anything it 's as clear or clearer than my landline , and definitely clearer than any cell conversation.I 'm not having any of the problems that I see many others in these reviews have been having . I notice that most of the critical reviews are pretty old -LRB- most from 2006 -RRB- and that most of the 2008 reviews are positive , so I imagine D-Link has modified the adapter and/or the drivers since.For someone who had been spending + $ 60 monthly in long distance calls , this thing is sweeeeeeet . I luv luv luv it already . This thing is literally the best money I ever spent on any gadget yet . It 's going to pay for itself more than twice over the first month.I have it hooked to our computer in the living room for everyone to use , but I think I 'm going to have to order another one for the skype account on my computer back here to free me from the headset . They are both XP machines but I see D-Link 's website does have a Vista driver for it too . It works perfect and did n't drop any calls , though I 'm not going to also hook a landline phone to it at all though it says you can . I have a friend who says he had trouble with it when it was also hooked to his landline . I 'd rather keep them separate anyway.The one drawback I see so far -LRB- and it 's not with the D-Link adapter . It 's with how Skype operates with it -RRB- is after signing up for a yr subscription from Skype for $ 30 that gives me unlimited calls out to landlines/cellphones anywhere US and Canada , it did n't come with my own phone number - an ` online number ' for calls in . Skype wants $ 30 more a yr for that . While I could care less about calls in to that phone , not having that makes my calls out show up on caller ids as an ` unknown number ' which kind of sucks . I might have to break down and spend the extra $ 30 just for that . Since you can pick your online number in most any area code , it would really make sense if most of my long distance friends were grouped somewhere because I could make my number a local call to them , but mine are scattered all over the map .
 I just got the D-Link DPH-50U from amazon , while it was on sale + a good rebate . I figured at this price it would be a cool gadget to play around with . I recently discontinued service from another VOIP provider and signed up with Skype -LRB- also very reasonably priced for unlimited skype out to US and Canada -RRB- . I also hate using my cell phone at home.This device was easy to install . I downloaded the most recent software from the dlink website -LRB- I use Vista -RRB- . The only tweak I had to do in skype was to tell it audio in and out was through a virtual dlink driver -LRB- easy to set -RRB- . Voice quality has been great -LRB- better than my old VOIP service -RRB- . The only draw backs I can see are :1 -RRB- The computer the dlink device is conected to must remain on -LRB- I have a computer that remains on anyway -RRB- .2 -RRB- Quirky dialing . In order to place a Skype Out call , you must dial the country code , area code , the number , then #so to dial :818 -555 -555 you must dial :001 -818 -555 -5555 , #There may be a work around for this , but for the price of Skype Out and the post sale/rebate price for the device this is worth trying.I got free shipping from amazon , it was fast ! Great service .
 I was so skeptical when I read the reviews of the Skype phone USB . I did not choose D-Link in the first time when I was looking for the USB Skype phone . I intended to buy Vosky . However , many users complain about the Vosky because the Vosky USB Skype phone is always dropping the calls after users upgrade skype or windows SP2 . Finally , I chose D-Link Skype usb when I saw a users said that he could use Skype on SP3 with downloading the software from D-Link , not from old software in the small CD -LRB- enclosed in the box -RRB- . The installation is just a little bit of confused . Just install two times , then the computer can recieve the USB Skype phone.It works great . I use it all today and I never see any drop call . The quality of calls depends on your internet speed . My DSL speed are 1667kbps for down and 420kbps for up . The quality of calls are nice . So clearly . I use D-link Skype usb with Skype version 3.8.0.139 . This product is compatible with my new phone Panasonic 5.8 Ghz KX-TGA430B . Nice !
 I 've worked with similar devices in the past but I must say that this one works much better over-all . Installation was a breeze and I 've had no problems at all interfacing it with Skype . Establishing a connection is almost always successfull -LRB- maybe 98 % of the time -RRB- and I 've had fewer disconnects -LRB- for whatever reason -RRB- than with my previous devices . And the call quality is very good.I know this may not be highest end model for this product out there but it serves my requirements fine . Of course , as with all things there 's always room for improvement and that 's why I gave it a 4 stars to allow for this . Who knows ? Maybe they can find a way to incorporate a mini pbx system in the future to allow multiple voice calls on a single phone line . But I guess that 's asking too much .
 This product is WONDERFUL !!! It never fails to switch back to PSTN when I 'm finished with my VOIP call . It 's extremely easy to use , and the sound quality is AWESOME !!! Noone can tell that I 'm not calling on a landline , and my D-Link DPH-50U is more than paying for itself with the savings that it is allowing me to have over my phone company 's long distance plan . I would recommend the D-Link DPH-50U Skype USB Phone Adapter to ANYONE !!!
 Great product and a super price . Downloaded the driver/software from D-Linkfor a Vista 32 bit machine and was up and running in less than 10 minutesThe most difficult part was unpacking the unit from the bubble pack . Sound quality is excellent . Very simple to use either dialling from a phone or from the Skype interface . Not sure why others are having problems , just make sure you download the updated driver from D-Link and you should be good to go . -LSB- ... -RSB- .
 For those that use skype want to save money this little box is just what you need . You get to keep your home phone yet tell your phone company bye-bye ! . The box was simple and easy to use and install . I use this box with skype as my home phone connection . Calls are as clear as Skype can be . Caller ID and all other phone features still work just fine . I use mine on Vista and no problems there either .
 This product works gteat . I did need yo download the Vista driver from thr D0_link site .
 This product works exactly as described . I had to call their customer service to see how exactly to set it up as there are certain numbers to dial before making a call with your phone . Great Customer service and satisfaction !! Highly recommended !!!
 I hooked up this adapater to a cordless phone and it works great ! I no longer have to sit in front of the pc when using Skype to call friends . Thanks to all the previous reviews about using the US Robotics drivers instead of the Dlink CD drivers I had the adapter up and running in a few minutes . Definitely a great bargain for $ 10 after the manufacturer 's rebate .
 My initial setup of this device through Windows Vista was painful , but my final destination was an XP machine and that configuration worked flawlessly . With rebate , I paid roughly $ 10 and at that price I 'm completely satisfied . It has allowed me to connect a standard cordless phone and use Skype much like a standard landline . I 'm still fighting some dropouts , but I have n't narrowed that down to Skype , this device or the cordless phone , so I 've rated it a 4/5 just for that reason .
 Hi this item is very good easy to install and work great the only problem is that every time u start up yur computer you have to unplug and replug the usb cable to the adapter but its works good .
 ** Your computer has to be on in order to make a phone call ** If you are someone who does not use their home phone for much and are tired of paying the basic phone bill , this unit would be a good choice for you . Most of our phone calls are made with our cell phones and our home line seemed that it was mostly used to receive unwanted solicitations for various things . We have been running this unit along side our regular phone service to make sure it works . It does . Many of the reviews were helpful in deciding to purchase this product - I tried using the other drivers suggested in previous reviews with no success - Against the recommendations of some reviewers , I used the software drivers that came with the unit and everything works well . Check their website for driver updates . When making a call , make sure you remember to dial
 Great idea for our skype voip home phone line which we basically use to work all day everyday that we are home . With our Florida health insurance website up 24 hours a day the phone never stops ringing and staffing our office was like inviting a den of thieves in . So this little guy managed to turn my Skype line into a headset , portable phone for my wife who still smokes , and a speaker phone for me to type and pretend I 'm listening when I am typing an email instead .
 update 11/19/12I had to reinstall the driver and found the US Robotics worked . The file name is 9620-V .1.30.08 UR01.zipGet it here -LSB- ... -RSB- I 've used skype for a few weeks and like it . For less than -LSB- ... -RSB- a month I can call as much as I want in the US and Canada . I call land lines and cell phones . Foreign calls are 2.4 cents per minute . With the D-link DPH 50U skype adapter I use a -LSB- ... -RSB- cordless phone which handles land line or skype calls . But you can use any wired phone with the adapter . a cordless skype phone is not necessary and would cost over -LSB- ... -RSB- People I call rate the skype call quality an 8 or higher -LSB- scale of 1 to 10 -RSB- . The adapter was -LSB- ... -RSB- now unavailable online , but may be in Fry 's stores . I uninstalled the adapter software it came with and installed a newer version . -LSB- ... -RSB- the latest skype software lacks speed dial capability . here 's a simple app with explanations that will do the trick . Forgot where I found this . -LSB- ... -RSB- I 'm using it and it worksI push ` talk ' on the handset , then ## for the skype dial tone , enter any speed dial number followed by * You can also dial by clicking your contact name on-screen within the skype program.PS
 1 . Download and install the latest drivers form DLink website -LRB- v. 1.1 -RRB- 2 . If you have a DSL - DO NOT connect it to the same line as your modem connected if you do n't have a DSL provider 's filter -LRB- the big one in the basement , not the little once for each phone -RRB- installed . The features like Call Forwarding and Toll Bypass will not work .3 . The manual is not clear about what is the phone # format should be used for Call Forwarding . FYI
 I 've been using Xstamper products for several years , now . They 're vastly more durable than regular stamping products . Of the variety of Xstampers I 've purchased , none have worn out or needed re-inking , yet . What a terrific value , especially here on the Amazon . com site . I was very happy to eliminate the need for messy stamp pads and make it so much easier to perfect impression every time.A clear , sharp impression ; a variety of sizes and styles ; ergonomic body and soft grip handle ; these are some of the reasons Xstamper products are used by government purchasing departments , including the post office and state & federal government agencies who demand high quality products.AND ... the company offers a lifetime guarantee . Here are some of the other title stamps listed here on Amazon.com : Two-color COPYTwo-color ORIGINALTwo-color ENTEREDTwo-color FAXEDTwo-color RECEIVEDTwo-color FOR DEPOSIT ONLYTwo-color FLAG StampSpecialty DO NOT BENDSpecialty FRAGILESpecialty Jumbo PAID
 I ordered this because I wanted a full media keyboard with the short key travel time of a laptop . The Kensington slim type certainly has that . No clunky keys , great action and sensitivity for fast easy typing . It 's shorter than the average keyboard , keys a little more congested than Apple 's extended keyboard , but has all of the functions and works well ... except for the following : The down sides :1 . It has no USB port for a mouse !!!!! I had to waste one of my computer ports and the mouse cord is n't quite long enough to reach comfortably . Will now have to invest in a wireless mouse . Ca n't believe that I made fun of Kensington 's Pocket Mouse for laptops with its 6 ' long cord . Now I know that its real use should be for desktops using the Slim Type keyboard ... 2 . Requires CD or online software installation to operate . Had my keyboard been dead , I would n't have been able to use it at all.I could n't decide whether or not to give this 3 or 4 stars , but opted for 4 because of the great key action and smooth typing.UPDATE
 I 've used many keyboards from both Mac and PC computers and found my PowerBook 's keyboard to be the most comfortable and enjoyable one to use . This SlimType keyboard feels very similar to my PowerBook . This is basically a laptop keyboard made for desktop compters . This means that is has the short actions of a laptop keyboard , which I find a lot better because it takes very little effort and finger movement to press each keys . This keeps my hands from becoming tired and painful after hours of typing . I 've used ergonomic keyboards and I find that I do n't need them with this keyboard . With a standard keyboard I get constant wrist pains but that all went away when using my Powerbook , so for those of you who also suffer from this problem this might be a good alternative to learning and using an ergonomic keyboard.I 've also used several PC laptops and find that Apple 's PowerBook is still the best so it 's not simply a laptop style design that makes this keyboard so great . For example , I 've also used MacAlly 's IceKey and find that it 's too stiff for my liking . The IceKey is also another laptop style keyboard for desktops but they did n't get the PowerBook 's feel . Apple designed a great keyboard for their PowerBooks and Kensington copied it for desktop users.Also because of the short action , I 've noticed that I type faster with my PowerBook and this keyboard . There simply is just less finger movement and this adds up over time . When I go back to Apple 's standard keyboard my fingers feels like it sinks too far down for each key pressed.There are some downsides though . The home , page up , page down , and end keys are in a non-standard layout so it will take some getting used to . The keys are laid straight down in the order I mentioned . It did n't take me long to get used it but for those of you who use those key often it might take longer to get used to the new layout . The apple command keys are also much smaller than the standard apple keyboard . It 's basically the same size as the letter keys . It was n't a big issue for me but it might take some getting used to . Lastly , the biggest flaw to most users would be that there are no USB ports . This really is n't much of an issue to PC users because most PC keyboards do n't have USB ports but Apple has gotten Mac users used to this idea with their standard keyboard . I have plenty of USB ports on my Power Mac but for those who do n't have any free USB ports then this might be an issue . You can always buy a cheap USB hub if it is a major issue for you.Because of these reasons , I did n't give this keyboard 5 stars . I consider 5 stars as perfect but this keyboard is very close to that . It 's also the only keyboard that I 've tried that is very close to my PowerBook . I can live with those downsides for the great typing feel of this keyboard . Those flaws that I mentioned are also easily fixed by Kensington so if enough of us write them an email then they can make this keyboard a perfect 5 stars .
 I recently purchased a used iMac -LRB- 17-inch , 2.0 GHz Core 2 Duo 1.5 gbRAM -RRB- , which I set up running Mac OSX , Windows XP , and Windows Vista on Parallel Desktop . I was completely satisfied with this computer , but I hated the original Apple keyboard , which I found nearly impossible to use . It was very uncomfortable and significantly slowed down my typing . Plus , it seemed to cause me to make a number of uncharacteristic typing errors.So I went to the local Apple store and spent a lot of time trying out the new Apple keyboards , which just came out this month -LRB- August 2007 -RRB- . These are extremely low profile , just like the keyboards on the Macbooks and Macbook Pros . I really wanted to like these new keyboards . They 're beautiful , and it would have been easier -LRB- and quicker -RRB- to just grab one at the Apple store while I was there . However , for me , these keyboards are simply too low profile . -LRB- Frankly , that 's one of the main reasons I 've kept my iBook G4 , instead of replacing it with a Macbook . -RRB- Maybe it 's because I have short fingers , but I have a problem with the way the keys are nearly flush with the keyboard base , and I do n't like the extra spacing between all of the keys , which makes me feel like I have to stretch more and really `` reach '' to hit certain keys . The Kensington keyboard featured here is low profile , but its keys are much more like a traditional laptop keyboard . If you are comfortable typing on an iBook or Powerbook -- or any PC laptop -- this keyboard will be a great fit for you . And , right now , it 's $ 15 cheaper than the new Apple keyboard -LRB- $ 35 vs. $ 50 -RRB- . If you like how the Macbooks feel , then you might prefer the new Apple keyboard . Of course , it 's a matter of personal preference . But , for me , this Kensington keyboard is a better fit .
 I 'd agree with the others that the action on the keys make this keyboard . It really is nice to type with . I use my Powerbook for all my computer work -LRB- which has a great keyboard , very similar to the slimtype -RRB- , and like to use an external keyboard/mouse when at home . The Pro Keyboard keys are just too sludgy and require too direct of a keypress -LRB- if you go at any sort of angle , it has resistance which can really work your fingers after a day 's work -RRB- . I only have a few complaints , but overall have really enjoyed the keyboard :1 . No USB ports . This I really like about the Pro Keyboard . When plugging into a laptop you can just plug in one USB connection , and always have the mouse ready to go , with another USB port right there to plug in a digital camera or other infrequently used device . I bought a USB hub , which solved this , but at $ 10 extra cost to the keyboard .2 . Some weird placement of keys , such as
 Wow this thing is everything I hoped for . I was so sick of plunking away on the crappy , stodgy keys of Apple 's ponderous Pro Keyboard , and longed to find an external keyboard that would mirror the comfortable typing action of my Macbook Pro . This keyboard totally fits the bill . It is super slim and typing on it is a dream . Because the keys are half-height like a notebook keyboard , typing is fast , easy and effortless . There is also a very pleasant tacticle feedback , and a soft pleasing * click * with each key , which personally I love . Yes the keys are a little smaller and some in different places than a standard external keyboard , but it 's easy to adjust and I find the added comfort of working on this more than worth the effort . Included are some standard hot keys which is nice - volume up/down/mute , cd eject , etc. . These require software installation to work , but that was a snap with the included cd.As the other reviewers mentioned , the lack of USB is disappointing , but for me it was not a big deal because my Dell LCD monitor comes equipped with a usb hub , so I just plug my mouse in there . Push come to shove I 'd rather have the nice slim form factor than a usb hub built in.I 'd recommend this keyboard for anyone - it 's that good , but especially for those who prefer the typing experience on notebooks.Nice job Kensington ! : -RRB-
 Consider this review 5 stars squared . My husband calls me the Queen of Input Devices . As auspicious as this sounds , it 's true . I have test-driven so many keyboards that I 've lost count , and this one is by far THE BEST . I spend 8-10 hours a day on this keyboard and its response to typing at any pace is fantastic . It leaves me with little wrist strain , and paired with my Logitec Marble Mouse , my productivity has increased significantly . But it 's not just about speed , it 's about comfort . If you 're one of those people who is particular about the kind of pen you write with , you 're missing out if you have n't found the perfect keyboard . This is it . -LRB- Oh , and if you have a tendancy to type furiously , sometimes being a bit too intense with your keyboard , this one can take it . -RRB- I mainly use a Mac , but I have a PC for accounting , and have the PC version of this keyboard as well . ... So , what are you waiting for ? BUY IT !
 This is an excellent keyboard . It has a laptop feel with the short , but distinct travel of the keys . It takes up significantly less space than the stock Apple keyboards . It does NOT , however , have any built-in USB ports , so consider this if you depend on the easily accessible ports on your current Apple keyboard . I personally use a hub anyway , but the sudden need to plug in my mouse elsewhere was annoying . Take a good look at the layout . The `` DEL '' -LRB- forward -RRB- key is relocated and too small , whereas what is usually a `` BACKSPACE '' or `` DELETE < '' key is marked simply DELETE.Also , you must download the CORRECT , most recent software from the website before any of the softkeys are useable .
 I recently purchased the Kensington SlimType for Mac . I 've been delighted at the responsive key action compared with the standard apple desktop keyboard . It 's greatly helped with getting things done more quickly and with less repetitve stress .
 I just got this keyboard this week and am already in love with it . It 's responsive , well built and really comfortable to use . Unlike the keyboard mac provided , I actually do n't mind using this one , because its flatness is so much easier on my wrists and fingers.And you ca n't beat the price.Now , if only I was n't such a bad speller .
 MacMinis forgo an eject button since all Mac keyboards have them . So , to install a Windows upgrade on a virtual drive , I needed the eject button which the Kensington has . This particular MacMini is a kitchen machine stuck in a little corner , so the Kensington 's compact form factor and the color and trim fit perfectly . Fully usable , full-size keyboard without all the unnecessary extra buttons , wheels , lights , and bulges . Perfect .
 If you 're purchasing a Mac Mini and want to stay white , then this is a low cost way to use a keyboard that looks like a Mac Keyboard , not a PC . The chrome is a bit unnecessary . It works well .
 This keyboard is outstanding . Not only just for the price.My first Apple keyboard lasted 5 years before the keys started to stick . So a little over a year ago I purchased a new Apple keyboard and the keys are already sticking . They do n't make keyboards like they used to ! So I was looking for an alternative keyboard and a friend of mine has the Kensington Slim Type for Mac . I tried it out and really liked it a lot . The feel of the keys has just the right about of resistance with a short travel and are very quiet.Only minor negative for some people
 I 'm very pleased with this keyboard . It is much cheaper than a mac keyboard ... but basically the same . My only complaint -LRB- or wish -RRB- , is that it had some extra usb ports . My last keyboard did and that was helpful when using external devices . Overall , nice feel and very pretty !
 I love my Kensington keyboard ... it is great to type with ... as well as to game with ... the keys are perfect for both ! So if you are looking for a nice keyboard ... go with this one !
 For the price this is hard to beat . Nice looking , sleek design . Quibbles are few . Wish it had a little more angle incline choice . Could use a USB port for low powered devices . All around good value , though .
 I 'm not so crazy about the chrome accents -LRB- which start to wear away after about a month -RRB- but the action and performance of this keyboard is fantastic . I was looking for a close match to the action of my Powerbook G4 , which has my favorite keyboard of all time , and this comes very , very close . I only wish it were Bluetooth . And did n't have the chrome .
 I love Macs . But I was n't particularly crazy about the standard keyboard they come with . Perhaps it was the height of my desk or the way I 'm sitting in my chair but I found myself having to apply a lot more pressure on the keys than I was used to with other keyboards . I was constantly misspelling words especially when having to type fast such as on Yahoo Messenger . I wanted something that was easier on my fingers . I saw this keyboard at CompUSA and played with it a bit . It was an instant hit . This was exactly what I needed.It 's really pretty basic with a few extra keys to control iTunes . I 'm always using iTunes and it 's nice to press a button on the keyboard to change the track rather than stopping what I 'm doing and looking for iTunes and then clicking fast forward or rewind . The only downside is not having that extra USB port for the mouse . I have a flash drive , printer , iPod usually plugged in simultaneously but now I 'll need to get a hub to plug all that stuff . No biggie , but a little inconvenient . Aside from that , I think all Macs should come with a keyboard this easy ... with a USB port for the mouse of course.For something this simple and the fact that it 's USB and not wireless , the price might be a little steep .
 The price is very good , the quality is amazing and the keyboard is really nice to work with . The keys are very soft and you do n't get as tired as working with the original apple keyboard . This keyboard is exactly like an apple one , 100 % compatible , but it has one problem
 i bought 2 of these about 2 years ago , and they are still running strong and used all day , every day . i even brought one into work . i ca n't go back to regular keyboards . as much as i love Apple products , the Apple keyboard requires way too much pressure to type on , and makes so much more noise than the SlimType . and to top it off , the price is great !
 I spend a lot of time on my Mac , mostly working in Photoshop , but I spend an hour a day or so writing as well . I was weaned , computer wise , on a PowerBook and I learned to love the responsive feel of the scissor switch keys . When I got my iMac I just hated the feel of the Apple keyboard and I do n't much like the Chicklet keys on their new one either.But I love this keyboard , it 's just like I 'm typing on my old PowerBook.Also , I 'm a big time rock and roll listener . When I 'm working , I like to play the Stones , Zep and other dinosaur rockers loud , but sometimes I got ta turn it down , sometimes I got ta pause it , sometimes I want to jump to the next song and I do n't want to leave Photoshop or Word to have to do it.If you 've got that problem too , then this is the keyboard for you , because above the function keys it 's got iTunes control keys . Hit the pause , the music stops . You can jump a song ahead , play the last one again , control the volume or mute it , all with the keyboard , without ever leaving the app you 're working in . It 's a great feature.I love this keyboard , I really do .
 My typing is so much smoother and faster . I love this , it is quite and just an all around great keyboard . I would get this one again and would like to get more for my kids computers so I dont hear them typing . If it was n't for me spilling my water on the other , I would never had gotten this . So a good thing came from it and I 'm glad . I would recommend this one to anybody , and its has a great price .
 I am a technologist and server systems administrator . I must deal with multiple server platforms including OS X , Linux , BSD , Solaris , AIX and a certain thing from Redmond . The keyboard is excellent . It 's low profile and quiet when working from home during the night . It 's what I expected it to be.I do have a serious complaint . During the delivery process the box was damaged and the Enter key on the 10-key was rendered totally unusable .
 I like the keyboard of my G4 Powerbook , but thought it would be good to sometimes use an external keyboard and mouse with it -- in order get a little distance away and absorb less EMF/rads . This keyboard is pretty good . I like its compact size . The keyboard is definitely stiffer than my Powerbook 's so it 's harder to use it for extended periods -- I especially notice it in my pinky finger , that I have to use more force . But I tried and returned a few other keyboards first -LRB- MacAlly , Kensington comfort keyboard , etc. -RRB- and this one is the easiest to use Mac-friendly keyboard I could find . I even tried the similar black SlimType Kensington PC keyboard first because that is all that was available at my local store , and it DOES work for Macs but its key placements for the control and option and Apple keys are in different positions , and I could n't get used to that so had to take it back and order this one from Amazon.The only other slightly bothersome problem with this keyboard is that when I go to hit the delete key , I often hit the home key -- it must be in a slightly different spot than on my Powerbook . But if I used this keyboard exclusively , I 'd likely get over that problem.I did n't bother downloading any Kensington software to use with this keyboard because I did n't need any of the hot keys at the top of the keyboard . All the basic keyboard functions work fine without downloading any software.Overall , I 'm pretty pleased with it .
 I love the key action and key size on this thing . I can type my full speed on it , and I like the way it sounds and its low profile on the desk . It is n't as big as some full keyboards which is also a plus for me , as I need the room for books , papers , coffee cups , etc on my desk , not for Home , End , & c keys . The silver piping around the keyboard is about as tacky as it can get , it has three control keys for some stupid reason , and the command keys are way too small . And naturally the Num Lock button does n't seem to do a damn thing . But overall , it 's an easy and comfortable keyboard to use . I even find myself using the media buttons , which is the sort of thing I normally regard as a useless selling point , but it 's nice to have universal mute and pause buttons . The Kensington software is easy to install and has an uninstaller , but it did conflict with the Kensington software for my Orbit Optical trackball . I tossed the Orbit software -LRB- which allowed mouse button chording -RRB- in favor of the media buttons . If this were n't quite so expensive , I would have purchased a second one . Instead I bought a Kensington Comfort Type Mac/USB , which is frankly a piece of cheap crap .
 If you do a lot of typing , do yourself a favor and get one of these . I 'm a software developer and the Apple aluminum keyboards , while nice to look at and reliable , were driving me crazy . This keyboard has good action , although the height will take some getting used to , compared to the slim Apple keyboard . I was relieved that no drivers are required for the iTunes and volume buttons to work . I 'm running Leopard . The iTunes buttons are not very intuitively arranged , e.g. the `` next song '' button is to the left of the `` previous song '' button . Hmm . Overall , I think this keyboard represents good value and a good alternative to the Apple keyboards , which are for people who look at their keyboards but do n't use them very much .
 I 've had this keyboard for about a year and have found it to be outstanding . The keys are very light , minimal travel and extremely quite , a similar feel to a Mac laptop but arguably better . It 's also extremely thin and I frequently put it in my bag and bring it home for the longer assignments when I want the freedom of moving my laptop out of the way and use an external monitor . Compared to the last generation of Apple keyboards it 's significantly better . For the asethetically minded , it 's a simple clean design , fits in well with the Mac 's I use and when I first got it many of the other Mac Zealots commented on its cool appearance.I 've been in the market for a second keyboard for use at home , the only reason I 'm not buying this again is that I like the new wireless Apple keyboard as it is much narrower -LRB- no number pad -RRB- , ergonomically this is better as I have less travel and extension on my shoulder when using the mouse . If they cut off the basically useless number pad I 'd buy another without hesitation . The price is also great value .
 I love Apple products . That said , their keyboard sucks after a couple of months of usage , mostly because dirt gets trapped in between the keys . The Kensington SlimType Keyboard for Mac provides smooth typing and has the feel of the iBook laptop keyboard . Please consider this keyboard before blindly buying an Apple keyboard .
 I used this keyboard for several years . Now my wife is using one too . We both like its feel , speed and durability . We have both spilled small quantities of various liquids on it from time to time and have found that we could shake the liquid out , wipe if off and keep going . What more could we ask ?
 The second Kensington keyboard that I 've purchased to replace the original Apple keyboard . The previous Kensington keyboard was working fine until I attempted to remove keys to clean them , following on line information . I was pleased with the prompt delivery of the replacement keyboard.By the way , I found a good product for cleaning the keyboard keys at the local Radio Shack store .
 I bought this for my mom to replace her old Mac keyboard . She really likes it , has worked well for her , and fits in the fairly small space on her desk . She also thinks it looks nice , ha .
 I bought this Kensington keyboard to replace a Matias which had USB ports built in . Other than missing this feature , I like the Kensington keyboard , especially because it 's very very quiet . I have not had any missed keystrokes which I read were a problem with Apple 's similar new thin keyboard . I 'd say the Kensington is perfect , though I do wish it had USB ports , even if that made it a little thicker or whatever . It really is a good looking keyboard and works very well .
 *** Wonderful keyboard *** I am using this keyboard on a PC . Very pleased with look and feel of the keyboard . All keys work except the little chrome multimedia keys at the very top of the keyboard .
 I 've used this keyboard for about 5 years ... they 've replaced it free already because the spacebar is sticking.The feel is great . I also appreciate the multimedia keys to turn sound on/off and control volume.You ca n't go wrong . I used it with my mini and now replaced the mini for a new macbook and using it with that .
 I bought this keyboard about 13 months ago to replace the Apple model that came with my G4 MDD . I did n't want something flashy , or something with a pile of non-standard extra buttons . My desk is crowded , so I was also looking for something that was n't larger than the previous keyboard.I 've been pleased with my choice . It feels very solid and well constructed . Before buying , I had heard reviewers complain that the silver border around the outer edge of the keyboard would wear off , but I have n't had that problem . Other than fingerprints , it still looks like new.I use this keyboard for my job , hours a day , every day . The keys still work fine , no problem in 13 months . If I needed another keyboard it 's very likely I would buy another.There are a few things that could be improved : - It does n't have extra USB ports -LRB- to plug in your mouse , etc. -RRB- - It does require you to install drivers to use certain buttons . - The media buttons -LRB- play , pause , next , forward -RRB- seem to work only in iTunes , not even in Quicktime .
 I moved the mac mini to the living room and hooked it to our 40 ' HD TV . This keyboard was the perfect accessory for that set up . The mac seemed to configure the keyboard without any issue ; windows key works as the apple key , volume keys and other special functions keys work as expected . Navigation is easy with the large trackball.So far completely satisfied !
 I bought this to use with my Macbook in closed-lid mode.It installs easily on the Mac running OS X. Additional software was only necessary to map the `` hotkeys '' that control multimedia.Great size , keys have a good feel to them . I almost did n't buy this because of what people said about the key clicking . I hate keyboards with a hard click . I would n't call the response of these keys a click , because the keys themselves do not make any noise whatsoever . It is just the right amount of resistance to finger pressure . The only noise comes from firmly and rapidly pressing the keys all the way down so they `` bottom out '' . Anyway , this is a good keyboard , and functions as advertised .
 I sold both my kidneys just to buy this pen because I heard that they cure cancer . Not that I have cancer myself , but who could resist such a medical breakthrough at such a proper price and in such a convinent shape ? Highly recommended to anyone who wants to check it out !
 Fantastic item which would be perfect for my grandfather but the shipping is so much for an item so small . Grandpa Gates only writes with the finest pens and even then is working on making a full transition to typing on a Mac . Not worth it because of the shipping .
 This pen is very nice but frankly it does n't write any better than a plain old $ 25,000 fountain pen and I was expecting better .
 I was going to buy two of these pens , one for my eighth grader and one for my third grader , but after seeing that there 's no super saver shipping , I 'll pass and just pick up some Bic 's at the supermarket .
 So , this pen can write , and I mean really write . I 've written some stuff with this pen , and I can say its money well spent . With other pens , I have found that occasionally the ink does n't come out right away . That can be a mild inconvenience at times . You can completely avoid uneasy situations like that by buying this pen . Is it worth thirty thousand dollars to avoid those situations ? Yes . If that situation occurred 60 times a year , each time taking roughly 5 seconds , you are looking at three minutes a year of life lost . If you live to be eighty , that 's four hours of your life . If you were about to die , would you pay thirty thousand dollars for four more hours with loved ones ? Yes . This is that situation , in pen form . Unfortunately , this pen is n't without flaws . Caran D'ache could have done better in a few areas . Judging by the circumference of this pen , 34 diamonds seems a bit skimpy . I see room for at least three more diamonds . Also , the pen does n't have any other features , other than being a pen .
 Some might say that this pen is over priced . WRONG ! What is the price when your life is at stake ? I purchased this pen for my beloved mother after she was diagnosed with a brain tumor . The doctor 's said she had 3 months to live . As soon as I handed her this pen her complexion brightened . Her pale face began to grow rosy once more . Her scalp that before has only wisps of white hair left grew back the rich chestnut I remembered from my youth . With the tumor her words had become strange and unintelligible but holding the pen her speech came back and she was able to converse once more with the intelligence and wit from before . This pen works miracles . It has given me my mother back .
 The pen is nicely balanced and writes super smooth . I 've spent more on a pen in the past but I did n't like it any more than this one . If you 're going to treat yourself , and why not , this is a good starting point . I keep this pen in my Lamborghini SUV , which is also new on the market . They go together like hand in glove .
 This is my 5th solid gold pen . I cant bring myself to like them as much as the solid plutonium pens . now theres a pen that can write . This pens ok , especially considering the great price . itll be nice to just have a few extra on hand . i think every oil tycoon like myself should have such a stylish pen .
 I used this pen once and it gave me the most euphoria any pen has ever done . Within moments I was transported to the world of famous literary figures , sipping coffee and absinthe while writing great thoughts onto every piece of papyrus saved from King Tut 's tomb . This pen is one of a kind , it will never let you down . Ever .
 This one seems like the best you can get for your money , but come on , no free shipping from Hamptons Finer Things ?! I feel ripped off . I think I will go with Marketfair stationery , as they sell it for only a few thousands more but they do offer free shipping.I should probably deduct one more star because the picture is deceiving
 Quality , Quantity and great price make this a must have for our buildings . This is an easy product for the cleaning staff to change out .
 I needed to order these for the office and did n't know where to get them , but I found them thru Amazon and it was the easiest purchase ever ; they 're perfect
 I 've been using Xstamper products for several years , now . They 're vastly more durable than regular stamping products . Of the variety of stamps I 've purchased , none have worn out or needed re-inking , yet . What a terrific value , especially here on the Amazon . com site . I was very happy to eliminate the need for messy stamp pads and make it so much easier to perfect impression every time.A clear , sharp impression ; a variety of sizes and styles ; ergonomic body and soft grip handle ; these are some of the reasons Xstamper products are used by government purchasing departments , including the post office and state & federal government agencies who demand high quality products.AND ... the company offers a lifetime guarantee . Here are some of the other title stamps listed here on Amazon.com : Two-color COPYTwo-color ORIGINALTwo-color ENTEREDTwo-color FAXEDTwo-color RECEIVEDTwo-color FOR DEPOSIT ONLYTwo-color FLAG StampSpecialty DO NOT BENDSpecialty FRAGILESpecialty Jumbo PAID
 This is a very good product of my taste . I am a person who like something plain and simple yet durable and strong ; made to serve purpose . This satisfies everything . I am happy !
 Excellent buy for the price . Holds a lot ! Little taller than I thought it would be -LRB- I did n't look at the dimensions that closely , -RRB- but this is perfect because then there 's not so much sticking out of it . Clean , simple and elegant looking . Seems pretty durable too . Have only had it for a couple weeks , but I think it will last a long time . Very happy .
 These door stoppers allow the door to lock in the open position . With a little crawler in the house it is great to have the ability to shut some doors and have others &#34; locked &#34; open . They are easy for an adult to open and shut , but strong enough to keep the door from swinging when he pulls up on them .
 I have used these for years . I think this is a great product . I like having the ability to keep my doors `` locked '' open.A slight tug will release the door .
 Great looking covers , high quality , very professional , and priced most reasonably . These covers really dress up a presentation or report .
 These presentation covers provides high level of appeal to clients . The material is resistant to dirt and water thus making them reusable if needed . They also stand up very well to rough handling .
 I purchased this product for notetaking when meeting with clients . The pad captures writing perfectly and syncing with the computer is a snap . The portfolio is cheaply made but it fits the pad well . Overall , I am happy with my purchase .
 Delivery time was good . The digi-pen came without its battery -LRB- and I could n't locate it in the package - had to buy one -RRB- . when using with to many pages the electronic image does not work . The use of the pad is not intuitive , nor the attached management software . Reading the manual is essential , in order to start working . I did n't try , yet , the handwrite recognition software , so I ca n't tell much.The portfolio is good - can be better , since the mini USB port is covered and one have to disattache the device from the portfolio case in order to connect the cable to the port .
 I prefer to take handwritten notes when meeting with clients and working up certain reports . Now I can have the best of both worlds . I do n't need to be pecking on a laptop which I find distracting during certain work . It 's easy to set up and start use for a non-techie like me . My handwriten graphs and illustrations transfer perfectly . I can correct any text after the transfer . Where has this been all my life ? Not advertized enough !
 I have n't had a chance to use it all that much , but so far it seems quite good , easy to carry -LRB- although I recommend the portfolio to go with it -RRB- . It 's a little tricky to get used to at first , but I like it so far .
 Excellent service . The product arrived in a timely manner and was in excellent shape . Will order from this person / company again .
 The first box I bought sat out in the yard for a year . Just used up that box before I opened the new one . Old ones worked as good as the new ones . These have fairly sharp ends and are quite long . Long is better .
 I know these were not designed to help me keep my pooch within the confines of my backyard , but he 's bending the wire fencing up and crawling under it . I thought I could pin the fence down and thwart his attempts . The staples work perfectly where the soil is n't sandy . But they do n't have enough grip in one spot . So , I relegated the staples to some actual landscaping fabric , and voila ! They are superb .
 Showed up on time and works but was hard to shove into my ground but would order again if I need to hold something .
 It works as indicated . The pins hold the 3/4 flexi pipe down as intended . Looks sturdy & should hold for a year or more -LRB- not rust proof -RRB- .
 received item in a very short amount of time . the master gardner 703 landscape fabtic pins was just what I was looking for to hold down my netting .
 I decided to do something different this year with my veggie garden and covered the rows with DeWitt Miracle Mat . I used these pins to hold down the fabric to the row and it has worked out perfectly . The pins do not tear the fabric and once you place them , they do not slip out.But , I have found another use for these pins . I bought soaker hoses for my garden and these pins hold the hoses in place where I set the hose . I was having a heck of a time keeping the hoses in place near the root of the plants and these pins do the trick ! Now the hose does not roll off the row or pull away from the plant . One pin will hold the hose where you need it . Great product with numerous uses !!
 Bought these in place of the green pegs that i usually buy at Home Depot.Boy these things are great.There are 75 of the heaviest landscape anchors i 've ever purchased.Real sturdy and lots of them for the money.I used these along with the Dewitt miracle mat landscape weed blocker which is another 5 star item ...
 I bought these pins to pin down some plastic to solarize a garden and some rings around our front yard trees . The pins held the plastic in place even though we get a lot of wind and other harsh weather for over 4 months now . I think the `` U '' design really establishes the pin in the ground and secured the plastic well . They work great , and if I ever need anymore , I 'll totally buy more of these .
 When I needed to take care of a flower garden that was a mass of weeds , I finally got around to putting down the landscape fabric that was sitting around for a year . These pins made it easy to stake the fabric and hold it in place . After two months the fabric is exactly where it was originally laid .
 The Fabric Pins were as advertise . Quality and craftsmanship met expectations . Product was delivered sooner than even I could have expected ! Would recommend to anyone needing a mechanism for anchoring fabric 's such as Frost Blankets ! A very satisfied customer .
 Needed a boat load of these to pin down the invisible fence wire around our property . This was the best value I could find . As good a quality as any other I 've used .
 Have n't used them yet , but when I have to , as windy as it gets here at the lake , I know I 'll be glad I have them.Well , I can honestly say this box of `` pins '' is one of the best investments I have made . Kept my frost blankets intact during winds strong enough to break limbs from our oak trees . Easty to use , too.VERY HAPPY .
 I was very satisfied with them . I was actually using them to hold down plactic sheeting to close in a patio porch for the winter . It is hard to find the pins in the store this time of year . Needless to say , I was pleased to be able to get them off of Amazon . Thank you , Nancy Mowbray
 Really nice quality fabric pins ! The price is great compare to local hardware store . I 'm very happy with my purchase !
 I recently purchased these staples to tackle a weed block project under the deck.These staples appear much thicker than some other that I have used for my yard project . The angle and shape of the tip makes it a breeze to slice right through the DeWitt Pro5 material that I used . In some areas , they were required to penetrate two/three layers of the pro5 and -LRB- again ... -RRB- it went right through without hammering.If there were two things that I wish was a bit better , it would be price and quantity . At 10.50 / 75 , this comes out to approximately .14 / ea . For other areas around the house , I used ` Anchor Staple - 500 pack ' which appears to be just slightly thinner/longer , but does n't penetrate multi layer pro5s as well -LRB- hammer required in most instance -RRB- . However , these comes out to approximately .07 / ea.No matter ... this is a good product and while it may be on the expensive side , I would not hesitate to recommend it with 5 stars for smaller projects.Good luck on your project !!
 These are a good value . I have bought them in the past . The reason I am giving them 4 stars is that they rust like crazy and will be twice the size they were if you pull them up after a winter season . They are still worth the price paid .
 What can I say , this product works exactly as expected . To hold down landscape fabric this useful pins come in very handy . In my soil I sometimes need to use a hammer to drive the pin in but they are sturdy enough for even this type of treatment .
 Landscape pins are often weak and bend easily . These are very high quality and twice as sturdy as those you can purchase for about the same price in the big box home improvement stores .
 I had a project to finish up , and the local store had no more landscape pins . These were longer then I really needed , but worked fine .
 I had been using bricks to hold down black plastic in my garden until I could use mulch or compost the secure it . Too often the brick stayed and created a walking hazard . These eliminated the use of bricks and use of compost for hold down . Easy to use and economical as well .
 great pins , strong can take a pounding by a hammer , if you do any fairly big project go aheadand get the box of 500 you will be amazed at how quickly they go .
 These fabric pins are about 1 inch longer , and are a heavier gauge of steel than a similar product at Home Depot that costs more .
 With Amazon prime , I received this item in two days . The pins look steady . They penetrate weed buster fabric and into soil easily . I am done with 80 yards of fabric in less than 10 minutes .
 Not sure how much of a review can be written about ground staples for fabric , but I can say that , having never used these before , they got the job done very nicely in combination with a frost blanket that I bought on Amazon at the same time . They are deep enough , and hold everything down efficiently , so that the fabric will not blow away -LRB- under normal conditions - hurricanes excluded -RRB- .
 I knew I wanted this sorter after seeing it in another finish at a local office supply store , but no one seemed to carry the black finish . Well made and a good size .
 This is the easiest way to print Avery brand labels , name tags , tab dividers , andmore ! It merges info fast from Microsoft Word and suggests just the right font and alignment . It remembers the most recently used list too for dual projects . The sealed box contains Avery supplies and labels so you can try different ideas out without investing in 100s of labels first !
 I GOT THIS CART FOR A GIFT AND I USE IT EVERY DAY !! I LOVE IT !! IT IS LIGHT AND FUNCTIONAL . THIS IS THE BEST GIFT ! AND I HIGHLY RECOMMEND IT !!!
 Product arrived very fast , and I am well pleased with the product . Everything I had expected . Nice size , sturdy and well equip for light/medium storage when transporting to different locations .
 I purchased this product for a quick , easy way to move items to the office daily . Meets all my expectations . Good quality , sturdy , wheels work well . Too early to tell how it 'll hold up over time since its new , but the construction looks like it will last . The collapsible feature is n't something that I really needed , but its nice to have if ever needing to make more space .
 It is very convenient to store in the trunk for bringing in packages . I love the cover too , it keeps out rain and it acts as a platform for flat packages .
 Great product ! Took my papers to accountant and half filled cart and worked great ! Easy to get in and out of van . Can tote things to Mom 's more easily . Used it to tote cleaning supplies and small vacumn cleaner to Museum to clean pioneer cabin .
 I am a sales rep and carry books , samples , literature etc. . Had another cart before , items would fall off , get wet or blow away . I can carry everything in my new cart and keep it dry or from blowing away . Plus it folds up to fit anywhere . Completely flat . Love it . Would recommend it to anyone .
 We have a staff of 6 nurses who travel to 10 different hospitals in our city . We spotted this and wanted to try it to cart our supplies around . We carry saline , gauze pads , medications , and the like . Our procedures can last as long as 3-4 hours , so the option to sit on the cart was appealing . after using the cart now for about a month , I can say the staff really like it . they find it easier to lift into their cars ; it certainly holds enough supply for one day and the added bonus of a seat is the best . Somebody had a great idea when they designed this . If the seat was a bit sturdier I would give this rave reviews ; as it is only outstanding !! We will be looking to purchase more of these!dBest 01-300 Ultra Compact Quik Cart
 Having just had total hip replacement surgery , I thought that the time had come to finally purchase a rolling crate , since I 'd wanted one for a very long time . As a teacher , I especially wanted to be able to move library books and other supplies to and from my classroom , and the 80 lb . weight capacity was definitely a selling point.When I began using my cart , I noticed that the telescoping handle did n't seem very substantial . The real problem came after a visit to the store when I attempted to lift the cart up about 4 in . from the yard to the sidewalk with a 40 lb . bag of birdseed loaded . Apparently , lifting straight up is not recommended , since the entire handle pulled out of the cart ! The handle could not be reinserted , so the entire rolling convenience concept was defunct.To the company 's credit , I will say that Amazon.com has a tremendous customer service department and return policies , because my cart was replaced very quickly with no shipping fees . I plan to use Amazon again , as well as recommend this website to others .
 This is a wonderful product and Dbest is a great company to deal with . I 'm really not sure what the weight rating is , but I 've moved 35-40 lb loads with ease.It is very sturdy , well built , and it folds up easily for storage.It also has a top lid to load items onto if the `` milk crate '' portion is full . It would be nice if it had larger wheels to better deal with different terrain or stairs -LRB- hence the 4 out of 5 stars -RRB- , but larger wheels would also be very easy and inexpensive to install.If your items to move are 40 lbs or less and you are dealing with relatively smooth moving surfaces I would highly recommend this product !
 I purchased this cart to assist with my duties to clean offices . I can effectively fit a vacuum , a swiffer , and cleaning products , as well as refill paper towels and toilet paper . It 's sturdy , and collapses as stated . I highly recommend this product .
 I had a very old cart of this type which finally crashed . This cart was exactly as shown , holds 75 lbs , and I received it in the time promised . Would buy this again
 When I took the Quik Cart out of its box , it did n't seem as sturdy and the sides were n't as tall as I thought it would be . It 's very similar to the Office Depot version , which would 've been $ 10 cheaper.This mobile crate does what it needs to and takes minimal space in my car . I 've used it twice so far for my kid 's sporting events , to haul portable chairs and what not . Look forward to using it more .
 I bought this cart to replace one I had for over 5 years . It is one of my best purchases . I keep it in my car so I can get groceries from my garage up to my apartment . I also use it in the summer to take supplies from my apartment to the pool rather than carrying a cooler , floats and various other items I and my granddaughter need . I have to say that this one is slightly smaller than the original one I had , but I highly recommend it . It folds flat and takes up very little room .
 This product has been a back saver for me . Use it for the many classes I take where supplies have to be trucked back and forth . Easy to lift in and out of the car , then walk back and forth to classes and the house . Should have done this sooner . Folds up to a nice , small , easily stored package when not in use , which is not very often .
 This is the second one I bought of these carts . It is so handy to have and I never want to be without one ! I use it to go food shopping and it holds quite a bit without having to drag a big , bulky cart with you . It folds up so nice and does not weigh too much but can hold a lot of weight . I also use it for my laundry and can fold it up when I get there so that it is not in other people 's way . Definitely a must have !! I hope they always have this item available . Worth every penny I paid for it !!!
 I bought this 3 years ago . . almost to the day . I use it 4-6 times a week toting class supplies back and forth between buildings . I 'll guesstimate the supplies at being about 40 lbs - some days more others a bit less.Pros : It 's big enough - it holds a 3 ' binder , water bottle , portable file holder -LRB- like this : Sterilite ? Portable File Box -RRB- , clipboard , plus some extra materials -LRB- up to 2 '' thick -RRB- . Lid closes - once I go the hang of it - the lid is very secure . Important for taking this out in the weather . The lid also plays a big part in the stability of the box . I 'm not sure if I would be as happy if I was not using the lid . The other way to stabilize it is to use side pieces -LRB- hidden in bottom panel -RRB- on the side . They are a hassle to use as well as remove/replace . Rugged - This poor thing gets banged around all the time
 I have been with this company for little over a year . We use our Quick Carts all the time . They have held up well .
 This cart is fabulous for scrapbooking . I have one cart with large 12 x 12 file folders from my scrap room -LRB- categories , paper by kits , projects -RRB- . The lid enables me to put other small totes with handles on top while transporting . I do not have to pare down when packing for a crop . The retractable handle is great , like my other totes so I can travel to crops and with friends . Now I am ordering a second one for the hard to carry and awkward shaped containers for embellishments like ribbons , small trinkets -LRB- I have in a tackle box -RRB- , rub-ons in a tub , dies for die cutter . Since I have a neck injury and have pain carrying a lot of weight for even a small distance , I am so glad to be rollin ' and having fun with others . The cart is a great time saver too when packing .
 This cart is really handy and versatile . It feels very sturdy when using as a stool . It folds , it has a cover , it has an adjustable handle to pull heavy loads , it is a stool -LRB- climb up or sit down -RRB- , it can be used outside for planting and just be hosed off to bring in the house again . What else can I say ... it is terrific .
 I have received my quikcart , and like it very much . I do take issue with one review however . There was one complaint that the lid could not be attached to the cart , which made it awkward to deal with . The lid DOES attach to the front of the cart when not in use ... follow the enclosed directions people .
 Not sure if the lid will be useful , but I did stand on it and it did n't flinch . This unit is almost exactly the same build as the Rubbermaid cart for $ 10 less . I have both and they are very useful and versatile accessories . I do n't think it will stand up to a lot of abuse in the mountains or in the desert but , hey , who lives in the desert ?
 I purchased these carts for my 78 year young mother . She loves to walk and shop , how much better can this be , She can walk and shop and never have to carry anything .
 I no longer break my back carrying groceries in my arms ! In addition , no more plastic bags -LRB- or a few less . . -RRB- The cart is sturdy . It does take a little while to open it up , gathering curiosity from bystanders in the supermarket plus offers of help , but it only takes a couple of minutes . It 's a bit noisy riding along the concrete streets of New York but it survives the bumps in the road -LRB- and we have lots of bumps on the roads ! -RRB- Thank you !
 The quik cart was perfect for our needs . It is durable and very easy to use . Would recommend to anyone thinking of trying this product .
 This cart is really handy and versatile . It feels very sturdy when using as a stool . It folds , it has a cover , it has an adjustable handle to pull heavy loads , it is a stool -LRB- climb up or sit down -RRB- , it can be used outside for planting and just be hosed off to bring in the house again . What else can I say ... it is terrific .
 Works well with my sewing classes . I am able to pack all my supplies in it and my serger when I need it too . I plan to use it for other activities too . I think it will be very helpful .
 Great product . It is plastic so I do not expect it to be made of steel . It works great and rolls and has a lid , so hauling things for my job , it does the job . I do not bounce it up and down stairs but it holds up well otherwise , with some common basic sense .
 This foldaway cart is perfect for taking my art supplies to and from classes with a minimum of effort . It 's also light in weight and it stores away in a minimum of space .
 Exactly as advertised . Seems to be holding up , but I hear these things last about 6 months .
 We use Quik Cart as an all-purpose cart to haul everything from marketing brochures to equipment parts . It is very durable and conveniently collapses for easy storage .
 I bought this cart and am using it on a weekly basis for a meeting that I attend . It has a lot of space and rolls quite nicely on a multitude of surfaces . The handle extends to a perfect length and then it collapses down to allow me to put this in the trunk easily . I would definitely buy this cart again if I need another one or I would definitely recommend it to someone who needed one .
 I love this cart for toting groceries and all kinds of items . I live in anapartment only a block from the grocery store , drug store , etc. . I haul everythingin it . I even use it if I go to a store I have to drive to , but put the things init to take them from the car to my apartment . I live on the 4th floor , but we havean elevator , so I do n't have to use the stairs . AK
 bought four of these as portable training carts for our office . I am now buying 2 for personal use .
 This is a very hand product , especially when I was recovering from hip and knee surgery . Collapses easily accept for handle sometimes sticks .
 great product its why i bought another one . dont have 12 more words to say . just like the product dont ask for more
 the cart made a perfect gift for my elderly neighbors to keep in their cars for easy transport when they go shopping .
 Does the job well . The only thing I would change would be adding wheels that swivel . I recommend for pharmaceutical reps with heavy samples .
 I bought this tote to go to a convention in Orlando that usually does n't have many places to sit and it was a life saver !! I have a bad knee and need to sit sometimes ! The tote is easy to collapse and really holds a lot -LRB- I bought a lot of products for it ! The handles on the side make it easy to lift when full ! Very very happy with it !!! Recommended it to friends . Also great for bringing in groceries and things at home !!
 I travel to dog agility competitions and need a sturdy pull cart to get my items ringside so they are available . I like the option of a lid 1 -RRB- to keep my dogs out of it and 2 -RRB- to be able to sit on it .
 This is my second purchase of the Quik Cart . Our Daughter In Law , who is a teacher , uses it to carry her books and other papers home from school . She loves it but loved the first one a little too much so it needs replacing . The other teachers are envious of her using it . One caveat ... do not overload it and bounce it up stairs ... it will pull apart where the handle is attached to the box .
 I bought this cart to use at work , carrying books and files from one office to another -LRB- different buildings , quite a distance -RRB- . Mine has been through rough turf outdoors and has held up beautifully . It 's easy to maneuver on pavement , rugs and regular floors . The only problem I have , and the reason I gave it four out of five stars , is that the cover does not stay on it when it 's folded , so I either have to leave it behind or carry it separately .
 The Dbest Quik Cart with Lid is a nifty carry all . I wanted mine for hauling food to my bait pile . Having received it I can see I will also be able to use it to haul various items in the back of my truck , use it for fishing , or for larger tools . It 's a good match for myDEWALT Heavy Duty Ballistic Nylon Tool Bag . The fact that you can use it as a seat is a nice bonus . The telescoping handle seems like it could easily handle hauling 80 pounds . Although I 'd be pretty careful hauling the cart over rough ground . Mine came intact with no damage . I 'm satisfied ! ~ The Boss
 I bought this cart for my daughter , she had one previously and desired to have another one . She is a high school teacher and college instructor ; therefore , it comes in handy for carrying all of her papers and books . Having the lid on top is also useful as a place to set things or as a temporary shelf.She was so happy when I gave this to her , it is well worth the price .
 This is my second one of these carts . I am a preschool teacher and I use the cart to carry the stuff I need for my class back and forth everyday . It has saved my back and shoulders many times . I used the first one for seven years . I ruined it by trying to haul totes that were way too heavy for it and it broke down the back support but it still rocked on for the rest of the school year . I highly recommend this cart , it is worth the money since it is made so much better than the copy cats on the market.dbest 00-011 Quik Cart Two-Wheeled Collapsible Handcart with Lid
 This product is great . We have used it twice since purchased It and it has totally served its purpose . We use it when we travel to carry the little extras to and from the hotels . We love it .
 I bought this for my elderly mother . It is the perfect size and weight for her to handle . It collapses and stores away easily .
 I had a cart by another manufacturer and when it collapsed I decided to find another . This cart is much more durable and easy for me to use . I am a 65 year old woman and needed something to help me get groceries , etc from the car and into my appt . This cart handles easily . I have not had to use the lid as yet , but it is a nice added feature . Even though I have some arthritis , I have no problem handling his cart .
 This cart was purchased recently in order to help me move assorted things from home to car to destinations . I attend several quilting retreats each year and this will help me transport all the items I need from sewing room to car to classroom and then home again . It has also been used to collect things needed at my weekend home and then transport them on the next trip.The cart is sturdy , easy to set up and fold up and should give years of service.Nimbleneedle
 I like the cart . It is what I expected but I do n't like the lid . I have to pry it off with a screwdriver and now the lid is cracked . But the rest of the cart seems to work just fine .
 There was no problem with the shipment . The cart is sturdy and carries more than I thought it would . It folds up and takes up very little room . It is light and has limited metal which makes it easy to work with .
 I needed something very sturdy I could carry my work papers and books in from my office to my car . This is it and it is all it promised and more . I hope it last at least a year with the workout I am giving it .
 This cart is just as good as the description . It is sturdy enough to sit on , rolls easily and carries a big load . The handle telescopes quickly up and down . I highly recommend it .
 I love this cart on wheels . I put my sewing machine in it and take it to school or any other place I need to go with it .
 Quik Cart was exactly what I was looking for . I 've had a different brand that broke at the hinges after many years of use . This Quick Cart model has a top which secures its strength -- as well as provides a place to sit during a long shopping expidition . When not in use , it 's soeasy to store in car or closet .
 I love this cart . Its very dependable , and it doesnt brake . I have had it for about a month and i use it for wheeling around food and cat litter and cat food etc. for my job . It has helped me so much ! It is very easy to open , and use and store in my car . It helps my back tremendously ! I would deffinatley reccomend this to anyone !!
 I love this cart ! I take it everywhere and use it over and over . Easy to put together , light weight , and sturdy . I now have 2 of them !
 This cart was much , much bigger than I expected . . The lid came with a small crack in the back , but I opted not to do anything put put a little glue on it , too much hassle to return it , and it really was little . Anyway , the cart is great otherwise . I use it for holding my Disney pin collection books and accessories when I go pin trading . It rolls great , it folds flat , and you can use it as a seat , which was the real attraction for me . I do n't think I would use it as a stool , I think that would be pushing my luck . Great product .
 We bought this for my Mother-in-law . It 's great for apartments to lighten the load from the long walk to home.As far as I know she is happy with it .
 I bought it in 2008 and it is still working fine . I keep it in my car and comes in handy when grocery shopping . You can carry more things on top by using bungee cords . It is what the product description states . The only negative is the wheels should be larger .
 Bigger than it looks , yet folds small enough to tuck away in a corner . When open with the lid it can genuinely support the weight of an adult , so it can double up as a stool . The way to fold it back is a little convoluted , the lid needs to be pressed against the back but does n't really click in strong . Still , seems sturdy enough for paperwork , groceries etc. . If the lid clicked back properly I 'd give this a 5-star
 I really did n't know what to expect ... but I was surprised to see the side and how sturdy it was.I work @ airport so I would just fold down to send through security . Then open up and put my computer bag on it and roll away!I processed orders and had to mail boxes so I would simply open the lid and pop it in . . replace lid and put computer bag on again.When on the go I would use it as my computer table to get some work done , while it held my hot cup of coffee.The cons would be that the lid is kind of hard to get off sometimes and I could n't figure out how to adhere the lid to the box once brokened down as shown in sellers pics . So I just brought a luggage strap and it held the lid in place while I carried or sent through security at the airport.Its really nice !
 My GF recently got into scrap booking and as a result has tons of paper , stickers , tools , die cuts , etc. . . that she needs to carry around to peoples houses and scrap booking events . She was just carrying everything in bags but that became too cumbersome with her addition of a Cricut machine to her menagerie of tools . So I looked on Amazon for a solution and found it . The Quik Cart arrived in two days thanks to Prime and she loves it . The cart can hold up to 80 pounds inside it and when the lid is on can hold up to 250 pounds . This is great to use as a seat or to set the Cricut on when in cramped spaces . She was able to put a TON of paper and supplies inside of it to bring to her scrap book events . It has n't failed on her yet and she has it LOADED down with stuff . My favorite part is that when not in use it collapses to just a few inches thick . Overall a great product and she will probably be needing another one soon at her current rate .
 Great fast shipping and great product . Many uses for this sturdy cart . I have purchased these carts before and find them very easy to load in a car as well .
 This carrier is amazing and very useful , sturdy and I use it to carry my groceries from car to house . Wonderful thing to have in your car and not worry about how much things are going to weight for you to bring home . I love it !!
 This product is great for a person my size . I 'm a little person . I sub at the high school , so I bring everything I need for the day in this cart , which helps me out alot . It folds up fast and easy to store . Only problem , difficult to wheel on our brick sidewalk . Other than that , great purchase for me .
 I bought this cart to haul papers between my car and my various work areas , traveling 3-4 blocks over sidewalks and sometimes rough pavement . The cart holds more than a standard sized box of copy paper and is sturdy enough to travel the rough terrain . I found the lid cumbersone and ended up just removing it . I also had trouble with it tipping over as I was rolling it , dumping all my papers on the ground . Once I understood its tendencies to tip , I have been able to maneuver it more carefully and avoid the problem . The handle is sturdy enough for the task . For the price it seems to be a good value , but if you want to carry very heavy items or to travel on less paved surfaces , you would probably want something sturdier and less prone to tipping .
 Folds easy , sturdy and perfect for dragging along light loads ! My pregnant wife loves it
 Easy to open , easy to close . It makes moving many items easy
 I ordered this for work -- it arrived ahead of the tiem scheduled in perfect condition . I am vert happy with the purchase .
 It is perfect for what I use for . Now I only make one trip from my car to my favorite fishing spot . My fishing rods , tackle box , bucket , etc all fit in the two-wheeled hand cart .
 My parents loved this cart . It will get alot of use . Very smart purchase and it is strong enough to hold heavier bottles or cans .
 I needed something to commute back and forth to my office.I telework and I may be losing my cubicle at the office , so this is a great tool for me to carry my office essentials , and with the lid on , my laptop case slides right over the handle and sits nicely on the cover .
 We bought two of these and put them to use moving items from vehicles to high-rise condo . They work well and are easy to use and store . Should have bought them long ago .
 This is a great way to purchase these folders as the big department stores want to sell you a package of 25 and this is all we wanted ! You ca n't purchase these individually at least where we live so 10 is great ! Sturdy and flexible !
 Great notebook , very convenient . My only complaint would be the paper type used . It is a slick and thin paper , which does add to the utility at the expense of luxury . If you 're used to Journals that use heavy rag paper , you 'll be disappointed . The other downside to the thin and slick paper is that Gel Inks and Fountain Inks will smear and bleed through . I have switched to Ballpoint with mine , I found my Cross Ion and nicer fountain pens useless with this journal.For men , this will be a bit too big to fit in a jean pocket . Yes , it fits in the back pocket , but you do n't want to sit on that lump all day . I recommend the Cahiers , which are small and light and easily fit in the same pocket as your wallet . I use a Nintendo DS case , which holds two notebooks and a pen .
 Quite handy for sketching and doodling anywhere . Sturdy pages accept some light watercolor washes , ink , and dry media . Pages lay flat thanks to the style of binding , so it 's easy to work a two-page spread of 51/2 '' X 71/2 '' . The expanding pocket in the back cover is handy for storing train ticket stubs , show tickets , receipts , and business cards -LRB- the phone numbers and addresses of good restaurants or shops discovered while exploring during trips sometimes come in well-desinged colorful formats that can be used to make collages or decorate journals -RRB- . A bit pricey , but they are the just right size to fit on any pocket and strongly bound to preserve notes and sketches through the rigors of travel .
 Okay , you 're thinking , `` Ten bucks is a lot of money for a pocket notebook . '' Well , if you 're the kind who can survive with a lined pocket memo pad , this notebook 's not for you . If , however , you need a durable , elegant , pocket-sized way to record your ideas , observations , sketches , and anything else you can put on paper , this is it .
 I work on the news for a local highschool , and i am always about writing things down . I keep 4 new molskine notebooks in my desk at all times . I uasualy keep them in my back pocket , and sitting in classes all day with the notebook in my pocket can basicly destroy it . And i have killed quite a few of them this way . But thats my fault . They are the perfect size for your back pocket and dont get in the way too much . It would be nice if they had a stronger version of the book , for thoes who are a bit tougher on their stuff , something like riveted pages to the cover . I rebind mine all of the time , but keep in mind they get thrown down staircases , dropped on the street , and chucked into trash cans by some crazy student . Basicly because im always on the move , taping events , filming movies , and everything i have so much going on i dont have time to worry about how my notebook is going to hold up , and the Moleskine line does a good job at putting up with everything i can throw at it . I use them to record my daily notes , and use them for story boarding . The cover is tough , and the elastic extremely helpful . The back pocket is very good for keeping business cards in , i can pull out a card at the same time i write a note down ! : D
 i am a high tech person , quite a geek when it comes to gadgets.i found the moleskine notepad the perfect thing to whip out in meetings and take notes once i got tired of using my pda or laptop.i find myself more efficient with it.theres a nice little pocket in the back to put business cards in . and hey , if you dont have notes to take you can always doodle , but it does have that somewhat permanant feel
 These well-made pocket-sized notebooks are perfect for keeping NOTES on a journey - whether by foot , car , train or plane - small convenient , durable . For those who want a sketchbook , this is not the right item . There is a Moleskin pocket SKETCH book that has fewer pages , with higher quality paper , for that purpose .
 On the surface , it 's just another plain notebook . Not much to look at , really . But there is something magical about the Moleskine . I can honestly say that this pocketsize notebook has increased my creativity , simply by being there to hold whatever I choose to put on its blank pages.It has a perfect size for those of us , who do n't necessarily leave the house with any kind of bag . It fits in your pocket . Then there 's the sturdy design
 I could n't believe what a hard time I had trying to find a small , hardback , unlined notebook with book-like binding ! I 'll admit that I bought this product because it was the only one I could find that fulfilled these requirements . But I am extremely pleased with the overall quality of this notebook . I am using it to record my favorite quotes and it is perfect for that purpose thus far . The only downfalls I can say may stem from the fact that I am writing in it with a fountain pen . The ink tends to `` vein out '' a bit if you will and I ca n't write on both sides of the paper because the ink is too dark . Otherwise I love the appearance of both the cover and the paper . I ca n't speak for how it handles for sketching . I also like the small pocket on the inside of the back cover . With shipping it is a bit pricey , but definitely a great product !
 Anyone even remotely familiar with the Moleskine books know that they are the standard by which others are looked down upon . My only advice is to not buy them here unless you 're not spending your own money -- you 'll pay the same price at any local stationer / hip-urban-gen-X shop , but wo n't get raked over the shipping coals like I foolishly was .
 Moleskine journals are classics ! I highly recommend these ! They have become special gifts to everyone that I have sent one to . The people who especially love them , are artists , writers , scientists , musicians , etc. . These journals have high quality covers , bindings & pages . The pocket size is great for anyone on the go . These journals have stood the test of time & I hope will continue to be available in the future . They make great gifts & are a must for anyone who spends time writing , drawing , painting , etc in any journal or blank book .
 i found a emtpy one of these one day in my house , i do n't know from where but i have it.it seems like a really good little book , but i have a few problems with it . the back page pocket has blown out , i only had 1 sheet of paper in it , so i do n't know what happened there . also the little ribbon started fraying quite quickly , the fraying has progressed slowly , but it came out of nowhere.i will carry this around in my back pocket when ever i walk around , but when i sit i take it out because it gets bent up so easily . but this notebook will get damp from sweat sometimes.another thing is that i ONLY write with fountain pens . i have been using a Sensa fine pt . w / parker quink black ink and the results are kind of sub par . i NEVER have feathering with this because of the semi-gloss but i will get some dots on the next page.by the way the little rubber band thing helps a lot with the book , and holding everything together.Overall this notebook is a lot better than any spiral , and most other notebooks . I will be buying more of these.if you want to do more with your moleskin , here are some great things that people have done already
 handsome & well designed - big enough to be useful , small enough to be convenient . -LRB- and that little pocket in the back rocks . -RRB- yourself aside , moleskines also make a fantastic gift for that genius , student , rucksack wanderer , and/or nostalgic in your life .
 moleskines are overpriced and I dont think the quality is as good as the hype
 I 'm an old user of Moleskine note books -LRB- the smaller ones -RRB- . You have to use it to notice how good they are . It 's not just the advertising from those legendary names -LRB- btw , Van Gogh also used them -RRB- .
 I love this notebook , but does using Van Gogh as a marketing tool seem disingenuous ? What we know of his finances does not speak well of moleskines past .
 Ca n't find this book in stores . I have used this ledger for years for my farm records . The hard cover protects the pages .
 I have used Boorum & Pease 1602121512 Bound columnar books for over 30 years on a daily basis opening and closing them continuously and writing on every page . These books are very well made for constant use and are well organized . One book lasts me for five years . Every five years I purchase a new one . Each time I am ready to get one , I only hope that Boorum & Pease still makes them . In researching other brands , I have not found a comparable priced quality columnar book .
 We buy these same books every year for our office records -LRB- accounts payables and receivables -RRB- - They are very sturdy books so they last for many years without the bindings falling apart like most other cheaper quality books.Great sturdy books at an affordable price.The amazon price is much better than buying from our local stationary store store who would always need to order them and charge us nearly double the price.Highly recommended , These books last for ever.Mike
 I have used these folders for years . They are put together stronger than any othertype of folder and are easy to put stuff in . Much , much nicer than the manila folders.Try it , you 'll like it .
 It 's very good ! They are very useful and functional . They are good looking too . They are solid and strong to last .
 I have one of those artistic occupations that still requires the use of a pencil , and these are my favorite pencils . They are much more difficult to find in stores than they used to be , so I buy them online now . The only problem with the pencil is that , as far as I can tell , its eraser is not replaceable , so that the life of the pencil is actually determined by the life of its eraser . I would really like to learn that I am wrong about this . -LRB- Using a separate eraser is normally not an option . -RRB- The price for this particular offer -- twelve mechanical pencils of stainless steel for about a dollar apiece -- is pretty amazing all by itself ; the shipping was free and it was quick . I 'll definitely be using this vendor in the future .
 It was and is exactly what I wanted and ordered . The description of the product prior to my purchase was `` right on '' . I am extremely pleased with the product . It is not a cheap knock-off , but a durable item to prevent a door from opening too far . I use it as a stop alongside of my S_Steel Samsung refrigerator to prevent my patio door latch from `` smashing into the side of the refrig ! '' It is working very satisfactory . Thank you .
 The Polycom Soundstation2W is the wireless version of the SoundStation2 . For us , Wireless functionality is more preferable when working with groups and larger meeting rooms , so we went with 2W instead.Although the product works very well , the high cost is not totally justified , except when you consider that the unit is nearly in a class by itself . Use level of necessity to justify this purchase .
 These phones have excellent quality and the microphones and speakers are of highest quality . with a room of 10 people talking , this phone can take signals clearly and communicate to other end . One could wonder what is there to invent in phones after 100 + years . Companies like Polycom thrive on this market since more and more offices are distributed and virtual . Definitely recommend to enterprise companies .
 I ended up buying a second Polycom phone after having major audio issues while making conference calls at my work in South San Francisco . They have a great customer support team as well in case you have any issues with your phone.Additionally , if you have more than 5 people on the conference line , you should consider buyingPolycom SoundStation2 Extension Microphone Kit -LRB- 2200-16155-001 -RRB- . We use this extension kit to make company calls with a table of 10 employees and the sound quality is excellent . Thanks Polycom !!
 Am very Satisfied with this Phone , is excelent during the long conferences . in my opinion the best phone in this category
 I used it in a fairly large room without any microphone extensions . The parties on the other end seemed to have heard everybody in the room well . Easy to use and connect to the computer . Note that this product includes the computer kit . So , no need to buy a cable separately .
 I bought one of these for work because we have a lot of conference calls for our office and it became a real hassle to try to borrow the department phone -LRB- which was just a regular phone -RRB- . This was definitely a very worthy purchase . The sound quality is pretty amazing and the phone is very easy to set up . Buy the microphone extensions if you need to use this in a large conference room because although sound quality is good , obviously if the room gets too big , some people wo n't be heard as well . My only regret is that we did n't buy it sooner .
 Unit works as advertised and satisfied need . The quality of voice and operation is unmatched . Works well in any analog environment . Have purchased and used about 20 units with no problems .
 The Polycom Soundstaton 2 with two extra mics allows audio conferencing that is user-friendly , quick to set-up and an efficient tool . I would estimate that between several departments , we use it dailyPolycom SoundStation2 Expandable Conference Phone -LRB- 2200-16200-001 -RRB- .
 I purchased this phone for our condominium association board meetings , so out of town members could participate . Everyone is very happy with it . It is very easy to set up and the sound quality is very good . We are going to purchase the extension microphones to pick up questions from the audience better .
 This product has worked flawlessly and is dramatically better than our previous , much cheaper , conference phone . We have had no problems at all with it .
 Polycom devices are very dependable . We have a mixture of different manufacturer devices in our compnay . The Polycom are the most dependable . Others have features that are nice and can be less expensive but for the long haul , the Polycom devices stand the test of time .
 Good phone , good quality , but if you are thinking to use it as a voip terminal , you have to buy other parts to make it work .
 This unit works extremely well as a speaker phone in a law firm conference room . No complaints .
 Polycom SoundStation2 lives up to its advertising . It 's easy to use and the sound quality and range are excellent . The product performs above expectations .
 Easy to install and set up . Excellent sound quality.No wonder it is the most popular conference phone out there .
 Polycom quality ... it 's a great thing . This is the expandable model which means you can plug in two extra microphone pucks for reall long conference room tables . I run three of these units at work and the sound quality is excellent.This is an &#34; analog &#34; phone , not digital or SIP . Polycom does make a SIP phone like this , but the quality is n't the same . If you can get away with analog , go for this one .
 This equipment works well for conference call meetings . It works even better when the folks in the meeting only talk one atg a time . Sigh , too much to ask for in one of my condo associations
 I bought this phone after researching several conference room phones . The Polycom SoundStation2 Expandable was the perfect phone for our conference room . One of our guys wears a hearing aid and there is no feedback from it or any of our cell phones !
 We have another polycom that has been demoted to our smaller conf room . The products have always worked well for our needs .
 This phone is a good quality phone . When on speaker , typically during conference calls , the sound is crystal clear . And the people on the other end have no trouble at all distinguishing your words . I also purchased the 2 additional mics which compliment quite well . If you plan on getting the mics , make sure you get the expandable version of this Polycom SoundStation2 . There are many versions that are similar to this one , and it 's easy to get them confused . I definitely recommend this phone !
 These phones are the standard in corporate America . I purchased one of these for our small startups first office . It 's as good as I remember them being . Clarity are noise cancellation are exceptional , in spite of the echo in our war-room . Also bought 2 extension mic 's which accommodates our 8 + folks easily.It 's also worth noting we do n't actually have any telco-phone lines , and instead use this device as a mic & speaker combo for VOIP -LRB- skype , gotomeeting , web-ex -RRB- . There 's a cable that lets you connect to an analog sound card in your computer . The cable is listed separately , -LRB- but seemingly unavailable anywhere ! -RRB- but it turns out not to matter ... the new-in-box SS2 comes with the cable for free ...
 We purchased product for board meetings involving 15 persons , several of whom call in from remote locations.The sound quality on receiving in the room was excellent , and the volume was as loud as we needed . Apparently the microphones were also excellent , because those calling in had no difficulty hearing comments from any part of the room .
 I bought this product about a month ago . Our conference room is small and we usually connect with people all over the world . So we needed something that would give us a clear conversation without having to repeat ourselves all the time as well as being able to hear our colleagues from all parts of the world clearly . This did a great job ! Our colleagues noticed the change without us letting them know that we were using a new device . They came through clearer and the background noise was eliminated . Our conversations went smoothly . We do not have to repeat our selves so the other person can hear us clearly , it was heard the first time . Set up was a breeze . The instructions were right there in three steps .
 The console works really good , but only if placed to an analogic line , it wo n't work on Digital Lines.There should be a warning on the description about it .
 This was a great purchase and well worth the money ! We are a small business but this makes us very professional . If you ever have to conduct conference calls this is the product you need . Sound quality is exceptional from both sides . You can conference in a third party from this phone during a call . My only gripe is the phonebook displays are not very custommizable , but not a deal breaker in any way .
 How is it possible that Polycom still is the only company to make perfect sounding speaker phones ? Everything else I try sounds terrible compared to Polycoms . The only time I 've had it not sound flawless is when in a small room with a big echo problem due to a lot of hard surfaces .
 This is an amazing device . It worked right after connecting the power and voice cables to the wall . No further setup was needed . The microphones catch human voice from every corner or our conference room . Also , the password protected administrative menu is a plus . Managing the phone book is pretty easy , as soon as you get familiar with menu navigation keys.The only thing I 'd wish is that it could be able to be used with a PBX direct connection , but unfortunately it only works with an analog telephone line.I definitely recommend this unit to those that have an analog line dedicated to their conference room .
 We ordered this phone for our business this week and got it shipped quick for an important legal meeting today . We have only used it once for this meeting , but it worked great ! We were in a VERY large room and had 17 people sitting as far as 20 feet from the phone . The meeting lasted well over 3 hours and everyone spoke from their part in the room . The person on the phone sounded like he was right in the room with us and some people in the room spoke pretty softly and there was never a complaint of `` I ca n't hear you '' . It really saved us today and made us look even more professional .
 We use these ledger books to record the service calls for our plumbing company . I realize there is n't much that can be reviewed when it comes to something like this but they do work well . The printed column lines are clear without being too dark and detracting from the information you record . The spines are strong and sit well on a bookshelf . We use a gold or silver liquid pen to record date information on the spine making it easy to see which book we need when going back to older records . If you do have a question please feel free to post a comment and i will always respond within one day .
 I have used Boorum & Pease Products for years and have never been let done . Great QUALITY ! Price and service from Amazon a 1-2 punch to happiness !
 I needed A ledger to record my home bills . When I saw how great they look . I was blowned away .
 I use this columnar book for treasurer record keeping . Works great . Wish they still made it in a 300 page book instead of 150 page .
 Very good and very funny sticky notes . The image covers the full surface of the notes and is exactly as shown in the item photo on Amazon . The `` sticky '' part of the back is not as strong as a Post-It note but it will hold sufficiently . The number of notes in the stack is comparable to standard sticky notes . It wo n't be the very best post-it sticky notes you 've ever used , but it will be the funniest ! Recommended .
 love the gift give them to many people.really a great gift thanks so very very very much . Thanks thanks thanks thanks
 I bought the 2011 Anne Taintor wall calendar for myself and have already hung it up in my cube.AT THE SAME TIME , I bought gifts for my friends at work , and an address book for my mom , etc. . THEY in turn bought them like I did ... for friends and family . You ca n't just buy `` a calendar '' for yourself . You look at all the other products and laugh because you KNOW someone else who would get a kick out of the products . If you 're like me and you enjoy brightening someone 's day buy ANY of Anne Taintor 's products you need ! GREAT FOR GIFTS ... and gifts for yourself are great too!p.s . I think it 's important to NOTE that we do n't use these as sticky notes at work but all the reviews about the glue are legitimate . We all use our Anne Taintor items to make us laugh and get us thru the work-day . It was more about the `` gift '' than the practicality . The gift is wonderful !
 Got these for friends at work and they were such a hit that I had to send everyone the link so they could go and buy more ! The shipping was fast too . Thank you .
 Very good and very funny sticky notes . The image covers the full surface of the notes and is exactly as shown in the item photo on Amazon . The `` sticky '' part of the back is not as strong as a Post-It note but it will hold sufficiently . The number of notes in the stack is comparable to standard sticky notes . It wo n't be the best post-it sticky notes you 've ever used , but it will be the funniest ! Recommended .
 I bought the 2011 Anne Taintor wall calendar for myself and have already hung it up in my cube.AT THE SAME TIME , I bought gifts for my friends at work , and an address book for my mom , etc. . THEY in turn bought them like I did ... for friends and family . You ca n't just buy `` a calendar '' for yourself . You look at all the other products and laugh because you KNOW someone else who would get a kick out of the products . If you 're like me and you enjoy brightening someone 's day buy ANY of Anne Taintor 's products you need ! GREAT FOR GIFTS ... and gifts for yourself are great too!p.s . I think it 's important to NOTE that we do n't use these as sticky notes at work but all the reviews about the glue are legitimate . We all use our Anne Taintor items to make us laugh and get us thru the work-day . It was more about the `` gift '' than the practicality . The gift is wonderful !
 Very good and very funny sticky notes . The image covers the full surface of the notes and is exactly as shown in the item photo on Amazon . The `` sticky '' part of the back is not as strong as a Post-It note but it will hold sufficiently . The number of notes in the stack is comparable to standard sticky notes . It wo n't be the best post-it sticky notes you 've ever used , but it will be the funniest ! Recommended .
 I bought these for my daughter . She has a Master 's degree in editing and rhetorical writing and still could not find a good job . She is gainfully employed and I am very proud of her , yet &#34; why yes , I am overqualified &#34; so applies to her .
 I am very excited to gift this item . I got this for someone that works long hours in a office and I thought this would add a little fun to her long days in the office .
 love the gift give them to many people.really a great gift thanks so very very very much . Thanks thanks thanks thanks
 This is such a great pen especially when you have to do a lot of writing . I used them for the last 3 years of college . Love the pen and they write pretty too .
 I have used this pen for years now . They are very comfortable in the hand . The grip is very cushy and the pen itself writes very well . But I have noticed the recently that the new silver style pens are being made cheaper . The once uber cushy grip is less so . But all thing considered I still love this pen very much .
 Good sturdy product . Size actually is 6x4 , not the advertised 6x6 -LRB- I took my chances figuring it was a typo -RRB-
 well known brand , fast ddr2 , lost of MB , and cheap what else you want !!
 Pretty easy to use , not those cheap quality that offer by some other sellers . Bag has a solid feel , I am very comfortable to ship my products to my customers with bags offered by Valuemailer .
 I bought these to mail scarves and they work very well . They are very economical for that purpose . I will definitely purchase again !
 Nice Mailers , The flaps are straight -LRB- I have had some that curl and they are hard to seal -RRB- , Stronga great value .
 These bags work excellent for shipped articals of clothing . they work perfect for what i bought them for . large quantity for low price . i was hesitant to buy , didnt want cheap product but these bags are great .
 My kids use multiples of these every year for school . Quite a few others have fallen apart in a couple months and or they complain the rings either wo n't open properly or wo n't close all the way . Weve ordered this same binder in lots of colors and the kids report that they all work great . I still have to replace them a couple times a year , but not as often as the others . But I also see my sons jamming spiral notebooks into the front pockets and cramming the binders into their backpacks not to gently , so I imagine they are n't exactly careful with them either . We will definitely be buying more .
 This is a great sturdy binder with pockets on the inside . We got 2 , and just ordered 2 more . recommend .
 I love it . I am a student who puts a lots of HW into this binder and it lasts a long time .
 This is definitely the best way to organize files . With the box bottoms , several manila folders fit inside each box folder , taking less space and using fewer pendaflexes . The folders arrived quickly and in good condition .
 I have found this hanging folders are excellent for my filing . I use manila folders and then place them in these hanging folders , which are deep enough to accomodate the folders and will expand for big catalogs or items . This seller and product makes online shopping an enjoyabe experience .
 Pendaflex makes a consistantly strong quality file folder . I like the widebottom for about half of the folders in my home office . I can keep a full yearof bulkier accounts pages in ONE file neatly rather than jam it in one or usingseveral for one account . Good price here too .
 To make these work well , you really need to tape the cardboard insert provided to the bottom.If you do that , they work really well .
 Great folders for those bulging files that ca n't fit into a regular folder . One set of these helped clean up two drawers . They do n't work well for small files as the papers curl , but for the full files they are ideal .
 What can I say , it 's a Pendaflex and it does what it promises . This brand never let me down , always supplies everything you need with the folder , and is easy to assemble .
 I like this brand because they hold up well . We occasionally get some very heavy files and these folders seem to hold up well compared to other brands .
 This product is n't as sturdy as a &#34; box &#34; style . This one is held open by an insert laid in the bottom . The &#34; box &#34; style has accordion sides , which would do a better job of holding things in and would add some structural stability . But ... the box style is more expensive .
 I like that you can make the bottom larger for my bigger files.I would recommend this to anyone . Thanks
 Geez , I did not even know they existed ! Found them accidently on Amazon searching for the other regular folders . These are just perfect for those folders that I ca n't cull things out of and must keep . With the regular folders the papers just start sticking out all over the place . So this makes it so much needer ... and easier I might add . Very pleased with the folders and shipping was very very fast and packaging was great .
 I bought these for my cash envelope budgeting and they are the perfect size . I wish they had a gummy sticky on the flap instead of the regular envelope glue you have to moisten . But they are still just about perfect .
 These are very high quality envelopes and come in a nice box . They 're a little on the expensive side , but I suppose they 're not the most popular size and not a size for normal mailing . I like them because they 're the exact size of money and checks and they run well through my printer .
 I ordered this product as an unconventional wedding `` save the date '' envelope . The small size was just what I needed , and I continue to use them for other craft projects or to send simple notes .
 These labels have been discontinued by Avery , but lucky we found these . Much easier using a color jet printer than having to purchase a specialty access card printer that does only that . Grab them while they 're available .
 Nice thickness for lining shelves and general hobby applications . Recommend this product to others for similar uses . I have als0 used this as a wall paper , using a roll on paste application .
 This cork roll was exactly what I ordered ! I used it behind a map , so we could pin the places we have been . Would definitely recommend for the price !
 I used this to make a vision board for my home office . It 's light so it was really easy to hang up and of course its big enough to hold lots of stuff.Only thing about this particular one is that its kinda thin . I had to put a piece of cardboard behind it so I didnt push tacks through into the wall . So the cardboard works great or you can just get a thicker board . Besides that I really like it . I am always replacing things on my board , -LRB- tacks in and out -RRB- and it still holds tight and is not chiping away like some other boards do . This is about 6-7 months old now and still as good as new .
 I purchased this to hang on my wall its very thin so i had to buy tiles to put under it it also tears and pieces break off but suits my purpose
 I bought this to make a bulletin board . Honestly , you may want to buy a cork roll that is a little bit thicker . If you 're looking to cover something , this will look nice but it may be a tad too thin to stick pins through . If you use this , stick to thumbtacks instead.Pros
 I bought this cork board for a pin map project I was working on . I had to buy two rolls as one was not thick enough . Once I had the two rolls adhered together , it was perfect .
 I ordered this cork board to create a Pintrest board for my daughters room by gluing to a piece of vintage wallpaper and it fit perfectly and works perfectly to protect the walls .
 Simple to cut to size and wide enough for my kitchen drawers . Most cork rolls are narrower . Knives stay in place in their slots when the cork is on the bottom .
 I used this cork board to put in a frame and attach ticket stubs and a keep sake for all the show me and my wife when to . It worked well .
 It 's great - lots of corkboard for cheaper than a regular sized bulletin board . Exactly what I wanted . However , I do n't know how to cut it without having it fall apart ... guess I should look that up . But I made some squares to hang my jewelry on and they 're holding up great .
 This is buy far the best drawer liner I have ever bought . The cork looks great , it is self healing . And is not adhesive -LRB- I hate adhesive liners -RRB- I highly recommend .
 It arrived quickly , in good condition ... nothing broken or damaged . I was looking to make a huge pin board with an old frame I found . I found some cork squares at the store but I would have needed 2 packages , $ 14 all together . With this though , I got more than enough at half the price . I even had enough left over to do some other projects if I need to . The cork itself was also easier to work with , it was softer and worked better for a pin board . Very happy with my purchase !
 I love this product ! I ordered three rolls to make my own bulletin board in my classroom . It is not sticky on the back , but Elmer 's spray adhesive works wonders ! It has been great and is thick enough to hold all of my stapled and push pin items . I highly recommend it !
 This Cork Roll is good looking and worked well as a protective covering on my workbench where we keep small , delicate parts . This is fairly thin so it cuts easily with a utility knife , but it would not be good for use making a pushpin board.This works well for my needs , recommended!CFH
 We used this cork for a Christmas craft . We die cut the cork and it worked great . It was exactly what we wanted . Great product
 Got a whiteboard at work that did n't have cubicle mounts included in the package , so off to Amazon I go . Searched for cubicle hangers and realized that I did n't have too many options . Not wanting to just have the whiteboard leaning on my desk against the cubicle wall , I bit the bullet , ordered the hangers , and set it up when they were delivered a few days later.They 're whiteboard hangers for a cubicle . Not much too it . Works fine , but costs way too much .
 Fits over the cubical wall . I have to write fifteen more words so I am going to do that now ...
 I needed a whiteboard hung at my office . These metal hooks are for hanging a whiteboard at an office . They slip over the top edge of my cube walls snugly , and hold a whiteboard securely . Pretty much all there is to say here .
 Nothing to complain about with this kit . Works as advertised and very well at that . I would recommend it to others .
 I wanted to have a cover for my small rotary cutters because I have one for my large one that works well .
 Fits my small rotary cutter just perfectly . Very nice case . Well made . Plus has a place for extra blades . Easy to find in my quilting accessory box .
 I am a heavy user of pencils . Even I prefer the old fashion way to write this is the best mechanical pencil . It is a heavier and wider than the plastic ones . I lost the cap so it is the shame I can not find a replacement .
 I got my first Shaker in the early 1980 's . I 've never been without one since . Ever . Last time I ordered them , I bought 6 because I use them everywhere . That ought to tell you something .
 About twenty years ago , came across to get this Pilot Shaker pencil . It was in blue not black . Like it very much till now , not only the SHAKER function , but also the style . Because the blue one is not at hand , so buy a new one!It 's a pencil , real a pencil , real a convenient pencil !
 I love this mechanical pencil ! I bought it after reading the reviews on amazon . The shaking mechanism is really cool . The only downside is the eraser is pretty much useless . It is not rigidly fixed to the body so it does n't feel good to use . However , the pencil itself is still outstanding .
 This is my second one of these pencils . I wore out the original one and have retired it due to a crack after so very many long years of use . The pencil is so great because one does not have to stop to click out more lead when it wears down . Just give the pencil a double shake and keep on writing . How much better can it get . It 's only competition and second best option for continuous writing is the Pilot Pesso Side Knock pencil which allows the writer to click more lead out with the thumb clicker.I highly recommend both products .
 Love this mechanical pencil ! Is easy to use and works for years . When you run out of lead , just shake a little and wow !
 I have always been very satisfied with Orders placed with Amazon exccept for one tranasaction . This was not the fault of Amazon . I never receivedthe product I ordered . This happened to nearly 300 people whose orderwent to oneo particular dealer . Other than this one time the promptnesswith which I received my orders have been super . Amazono has just aboutanything I have ever tried to locate .
 I got this pen as a 6th grade graduation present . I still have it -LRB- I 'm 23 -RRB- . I love everything about this pencil , from its sleek black and yellow professsional look , to its perfect diameter and weight . For any pencil enthusiast , highly recommended . Oh , and it sounds so cool when you shake it .5 stars baby . 5 stars .
 I have two of these . The first was a gift from my district manager when I was a newspaper carrier - I must have been 15 at the time ... I 'll be 41 in two weeks !
 This is just the best mechanical pencil I 've ever had!Got it more than 10 years ago and I am still using it , really durable . Also you do n't have to push to advance lead , just shake it once - very fast.I 'll buy another just in case I lose the one I have .
 I also have used these pencils for the last 30 + + years . My father , who was in the art and drafting supply business , gave me my first one . When he passed away , going thru his things , I found several more . Nice legacy , great pencils . I always carry one . Occasionally , when using another type of pencil , I will shake it before writing . I get some funny looks from people . It 's habit forming . Great for sketching my engineering circuit designs .
 I have had this pencil since 10th grade . Now , 28 years later , I still wo n't use anything else . It is my primary pencil for all my engineering work and never leaves my briefcase . This pencil fits beautifully in your hand and writes smoothly . Mechanism is solid -LRB- as 28 years would testify -RRB- . Mine is worn out due to age , but it still performs solid , including the shaking mechanism . I am about to purchase two of them for my children so they can also enjoy them as much as I did .
 The best one.However , up to 40 % cheaper in other web sites .
 I 've known about this Pilot Shaker since I was in College . I heard about it Literally when in class so I said to my self I have to have one . It is not too heavy , Not too light , Not too thing , It 's elegant , Perfect for anyone that writes , draws , etc. . I recently bought two more for my nieces and they are in love with it . Oh ! I forgot to tell you that I went to college 20 years ago !!! Amazing Right ?
 great quality by Pilot . It is very comfortable writing , and holding . I love the shaking sound , makes me love writing.very good product . I need to add that this is my 3rd or 4th one using the same one , they werent broken ijust lost them : -RRB-
 In my mind , this is the perfect mechanical pencil for students . It 's sturdy , inexpensive , and the shaker mechanism is easy to use . I find myself using it quire a lot , as it 's quite convenient and satisfying . -LRB- Much easier than madly jamming the eraser end into something while taking notes . -RRB- Replacement erasers are the Pilot MS-10 type , and can be found on jetpens.com . I will warn you that the lettering on the side wears off , -LRB- at least on mine , not a big deal . -RRB- Also , the eraser feels slightly wobbly at first , but I 've had mine for a few months now and it 's not an issue . The erasers are also high-quality , which helps . Pair this with some Pentel AIN lead and a Staedtler Mars eraser , and you 're set . Highly Recommended .
 I bought this kind of pencil for the first time at least 15 years ago , after probably 10 years of use or so , it broke and since then I had been looking for another one but I could not find it . Finally months ago looking for something else I found it and I am as glad with it as 15 years ago . This kind of pencil is the best when you have to write a lot .
 a very good first timer product enables quick use straight from the boxa very good microscope and digital webcam one that actually allows 30 frames a second for realtime editing .
 We got this item for our 7 yr old . She loves it . I gave it four stars only because the top light does n't work good enough and we need to bring in our own bright light . And the under light is so bright that is hurts our eyes after a while . We love how it connects to our computer . We can see it together and even take digital pictures . Some of the parts are made out of plastic and I worry about the lasting quality . It should be handled gently in order to last a long time . Pretty good imagery , once you get it in focus , as it is sensitive . Not bad .
 This product is easy to give a 5-start review because it is what it is &#8230; a white metal door stopper that is easy to install .
 I ordered 4 of these frames shipped by Amazon . I like the box style frame and they look very nice with my pictures in them . But there are 2 things you should be aware of . First , the actual interior dimensions are slightly smaller than 8.5 x 11 , so I had to cut my pictures down to fit . Secondly , as the other reviewer stated , the plastic could have cracks or breaks . I suggest inspecting the frame carefully -LRB- not easy to see the corners because they are plastic wrapped -RRB- , so if there is a break , you can return it for a refund.Of the 4 I received , 2 were in perfect shape . The third had a small crack in the middle of one side , and the fourth had substantial cracks on the side of one corner -LRB- almost broken , but I taped the inside , and this one could have been returned -RRB- . For the 2 with cracks , I framed my pictures so the cracked side was on the bottom or facing the corner of the wall it would be placed by , so the cracks do n't show.The shipping box did n't have enough air bags to protect the frames , although they look like they may have been cracked before shipping , so just be aware that shipping plastic frames is risky . I would order these agin , but would inspect them carefully before unwrapping .
 This Memorex product has performed as expected . We now use this product exclusively since it is a better bargain that Avery and performs satisfactorily . Amazon had good prices and service .
 Our church has used this CD product for a number of years to label the recorded sermons of pastors and guest speakers . It has served well for us - a good , reliable product at a reasonable price - win/win !
 This pack is huge , and it will take me forever to go through them . I have n't had any issues with . Prints fine , separates from the paper fine , and sticks to the disc fine . It does exactly what its supposed to do !
 I 've been using the memorex stuff for years this is a great price on them compared to in the store . This is one of the few labels I found that did n't bleed when graphics are printed onto them . My old printer being an HP that was something that was very important a very good buy indeed .
 This is the 5th time I have purchased these Memorex Cd/Dvd covers and have never been disappointed . They have worked great on my Canon pixma and my Hp1650 printers.I did try generic cd/dvd covers but they were thinner and the workmanship was lousy . Memoorex will be the only cd/dvd covers I will buy . This is a Great product at a Great Price . 5 Stars .
 Love the Memorex labels . I use the free program to print and it works great and for less than half the cost of Avery labels . These are all I have bought for years .
 I have used these labels for years without any problems . You can create any kind of labels your creative mind allows , and be confident they will stay in place for many years to come . I personally feel that if you decide to use labels on your cds/dvds that these are the best .
 These are very easy to use when you install the proper program to design your disc . They go on the cd easily . What I did was take the blank cd spool and line it up that way to make sure it goes on perfect . Will buy again
 I have been using these labels for years and have had great success for all my projects ... They work great for making folder labels , file labels , etc. . Would n't use anything else . Also , the Amazon price was GREAT !
 1 -RRB- The Memorex CD/DVD labels are pretty decent . It 's white paper with two labels on each sheet , for a total of 60 sheets and 120 labels . You can also print two jewel case spine labels as well as two `` general use '' labels -LRB- just rectangular labels -RRB- . I 've checked out various brands including Staples ' own store brand and Memorex CD/DVD label refill packs are the best value .2 -RRB- The LabelMaker software is not bad at all , and works reliably and fast on Windows XP . I use it with my Canon Pixma iP3000 -LRB- the * best * inkjet printer for under $ 300 ! -RRB- . The program comes with a calibration tool which you * MUST * run to ensure proper alignment . -LRB- Do n't worry , it 's just calibration for LabelMaker only , and wo n't mess up your printer 's hardware calibration . -RRB- The program is pretty easy to use , esp . when it comes to importing and resizing your own image files.I recommend this pack as well as the 300-pack from Memorex .
 The software is intuitive . If you do n't like the supplied clipart ... . use your own . I 've used the supplied software for over a year and prefer it over all others I 've used . It allows use of any font . It allows scalable rounding of text . The complaint about graininess is caused by trying to enlarge an image too much . There are limits . I do multiple disc set sometimes and this software allows me to easily mark disc numbers . The labels themselves are opaque enough to hide most manufacturers pre-printed labels . If you are not happy with this product , you wo n't be happy with any other either .
 I used a third party software and it works great.Did not have to calibrate , even though they have the option.Just selected the paper type -LRB- Memorex Full Sheet -RRB- and it aligned perfectly.Graphics applied to label perfectly ... just make sure you crop the image.The software is downloadable and I believe you have two weeks to try it out ... not sure about the time , because I went ahead an purchased it for $ 20To be honest , I have not tried ANY other software ... I bought this software before I knew that software came with about 20 sheets.So I can not compare software , only to say that the Acousta software does everything I wanted and then some.I suggest getting this for $ 20 -LRB- actually save the $ 20 and try it for free -RRB- and then 3 packs of 120 for around $ 30 -LRB- needed this amount to save on shipping -RRB- 360 sheets about 10 cents a sheethttp : / / www.acoustica.com /
 I am not sure what kind of software were other users using but I have used the one available for free download online and it worked beautifully . I am very happy with the results , the labels came out great , very nice picture quality , the whole process is very simple and fast.I would definately recommend the product !!!
 i used them with cover xp which has preset templates for this paper.Get the covers from cvdcovers.cc and drag and drop from internet explorer to cover xp , press print and you get great labels.Now my daughter -LRB- 31/2 y.o. -RRB- stops asking me to read them the labels for her movies , you can choose on her own what she wants to watch -LRB- i did not give her the real dvd as she tends to put peanut butter on them !
 There is n't much to say about the labels , other than they work . I did n't have any problems printing on them or peeling them .
 Purchased throught Amazon.com for a great price . Stores sell this at $ 20.00 but price was $ 12.99 with free shipping . Great product . I use Memorex labels exclusively . Lots of labeling options .
 I needed a refill for the CD labels that I had purchased at Walmart a year ago . Walmart no longer carried them , so I checked on-line with Memorex . Memorex had them , but wanted to charge 50 dollars to send it to me -LRB- I live on the island of Kaua'i in Hawaii -RRB- . YEAH , like I am that stupid . Thanks to Amazon for carrying the product AND even with postage/handling , it was cheaper than what I paid for it originally . It arrived in a few days . Good going Amazon !
 I have used this product for a number of years without any problems . Just download the software from exPressit . There is a learning curve for the software but once you figure it out , it is fairly easy . A good value for the money .
 I use these labels for my products . They work well , arrived quickly , and are a great value .
 I have tried many other labels . These labels combined with the memorex expressit program is the best . Very easy to use and labels do not smear , even though one user had said they did . I use these for all my cd and dvd needs .
 It 's becoming less and less easy to find these refills so I was delighted to not have to purchase an entirely different labeling system.The only downside to the Memorex system is that the software dates back to Windows XP and the company has made no movement toward offering it for Vista or Win7 . It works better under Win7 than it does under Vista , but it 's still a bit simplistic .
 I use these labels because I prefer the Memorex software -LRB- free download -RRB- for making CD/DVD labels . I find it more versatile and easier for list-making .
 It 's hard to find more cost effective labels then the Memorex CD labels . I use these for DVD 's , even though there is a separate , more expensive product Memorex makes specifically for DVD 's . I have never had a problem with either the labels or the Expressit software .
 Have used this product over the years . Has always been more than satisfactory . I use the rectangular portions for other applications , and have developed a Pagemaker template for my work . The price is very reasonable compared to other types .
 this is really nice product . others are not so good like this one . but one thing it fails is that the software can not be consist of chinese . such a failure .
 I make labels all the time for DVD 's we have to make for my Church , and honestly , these are the best I 've tried thus far . I 've tried Staple 's brand , Office Depot , and plenty others , but these Memorex ones are ... Amazing!They stick really well , and have great quality . They 've never given me any problems . As a matter of fact , just last week I ordered 300 labels of the same brand ! Plus , you can go on their site and download their design software , which is free and super easy to use.I definitely recommend this product !
 We used these to print disc labels for a big event . They printed quickly and easily . We used a disc stamper to put the labels on and they laid nicely on the disc .
 Item is just as described . Good packaging.Came early , ca n't wait to start using the labels for my business CD 's .
 I 've purchased Memorex CD labels in the past , so I did n't hesitate to buy them again -LRB- online through Amazon -RRB- . I do n't think I 've ever been disappointed with a Memorex product , from disks to labels ; always great quality !
 These CD labels are a one of a kind . They work and Ive used them for years . I needed more so I ordered them . DataVision properly fulfilled their obligations . Delivery was on time . Other than that -- well -- sticky paper labels are sticky paper labels so its the service that comes with them that counts .
 I used the HP Color Laserjet at work to print onto these and I printed 25 of these in a row without one hiccup . Very impressed . I would highly recommend these to anyone !
 Great purchasing experience . Works well with inkjet printers . Recommend downloading the exPressit software from the website to accompany the product .
 these Labels are Excellent they let you be as creative as you want . The software ieasily down loadable adhesion is excellent also .
 The product was delivered in a timely manner and was in perfect condition as stated when ordered .
 Easy to use software -LRB- especially if you 're familiar with Photoshop Elements -RRB- . Software easily pulled song names from cds or itunes . Labels with a lot of color -LRB- photos or very dark -RRB- tended to smear . To save money , I made one sample and printed it on good quality paper and then color photocopied the design onto the labels . That worked great ! Much cheaper and better color .
 I have purchased two of these items from Amazon , each for $ 12.99 plus S & H , total $ 18.00 . I was in Big Lots yesterday and found the same product for $ 9.99 . Bought it immediately with no S & H. Just wondering about the price differential .
 We use these labels with the free software exPressit and the labels always turn out geat ! It allows us to use our own photos and our company logo .
 I do a lot of disc labeling for business ; for years , I have been using one brand and the software that came with it . I decided to try these labels , and was pleasantly surprised to find that they are a tiny bit better -- they pull off more easily when there is an error . I do n't need all of the other stuff that is on the page -LRB- spine labels , etc. -RRB- but since the cost is competitive anyway , it does n't matter . Interestingly , the label software worked just as well with the Memorex label pages , as with the others .
 I have used many labels and formats , but the software with these labels is by far the most user friendly . Great quality and a great price . Highly recommended for anyone who catalogs .
 Full-face DVD/CD labels have not always been available ; it is nice to have the option to go with a standard lable with the large center hole ; or , thefull-face version with the small center hole .
 Got these so I could do a CD project from some friends during the holidays , and I could n't be happier!These were only the labels , not the kit.They arrived in a very timely manner , and the price was decent.I 'd definitely by from the vendor again : -RRB-
 Cost great , quality great , and it is used at my house for what I needed it for and I needed them
 These labels always fit the CDs properly and work well with the Memorex software that I purchased several years ago .
 I have been using the exact lables for probably close to a decade , now . I have never had a problem . They are great . THe only downside might be that you have to be a little careful when peeling the sticker off , because sometimes it will rip . But it is easy to keep that from happening .
 My labels arrived quickly . They were a smoking deal and had a spine + a multipurpose label that made our project even better . The software was n't at the site which at first was frustrating . I then called the 800 # for help . I waited only 3 minutes on the line and was greated by an ENGLISH speaking person who was nice and explained the problem and sent me a link for the software that worked with these labels . A few minutes later walaa it was working . The software is very basic but does everything any amateur needs to do . Basic makes it real easy . I will definitely buy again from Memorex because of both this good product and the even better service . Thanks Erik A , Pensacola , Florida
 I ordered Memorex CD label Refills the 120 pack and could n't find a betterbargain anywhere . Service was wonderful .
 I have been using these labels for our church worship DVDs for several years -LRB- including for loading on our local cable Community Access Television station equipment -RRB- and never had a problem or complaint about their play in a DVD player or computer . No problem with the labels `` shrinking '' when warm and warping the disk while playing , no problem with the label catching on anything . Do n't know what would happen if it were to be played multiple times in the same session . In short , we have had no problems with these labels . But we have had excellent results and complements on attactive labels.The software `` exPressit S.E. '' works pretty well , although sometimes the text boxes are not placed exactly as you see them on the screen , -LRB- left or right , up or down by a few 1/16ths of an in -RRB- . But it is not bad enough that I have sought alternative software . Overall , it is decent and flexable software and can create very atttactive labels.I got my last batch on Amazon -LRB- because Wal-Mart stopped carrying them -RRB- and they were price at $ 14.95 -LRB- which was a better price than I had been paying at Wal-Mart -RRB- compared to the same thing at the only local outlet I found for them - Office Max - for $ 21.99 . Saves a bunch when you are buying multiple packages .
 I have used these CD labels refills with satisfaction . And they were delivered ahead of schedule .
 I am very pleased with my purchase of the Memorex CD & DVD Labelmaker Label Refills . These are an industry standard product at a great price ! It makes no sense to purchase these label refills on the retail market . Amazon.com is MY source of CD/DVD label refills and Memorex is my brandname of choice . You ca n't go wrong by going with Amazon.com and Memorex .
 I have used this product for several years and prefer them over any other matte finished brand of cd label I have used . The print quality is good when used with either an injet or laser printer .
 Product has 1 major flaw . Over time the label starts to come off the dvd/cd . This problem can be improved with better adhesive labels .
 These labels are very good and I been using these lables for long time and will use only these lables .
 Labels and software work very well . I customize most of the labels for CDs and DVDs , but use some of the clip-art available with the software . Until something better and less expensive comes along , and I do n't expect to see any substitute soon , I will use the Memorex product .
 This Chicago Bears mat is a great product with a great design . I have had it for a while now and it is holding up great . Looks fantastic ! I highly recommend it .
 These boxes work well for side tab medical chart storage . Purchase shelves that are only 12-1/2 '' inches deep and you have easy chart access . The boxes should not be stacked on top of each other when they are full or you will damage the them . The shelving system I purchased at office depot.com holds 12 boxes on 6 shelves and is very efficient .
 This media cabinet has ample room to organize all my DVDs and VHS tapes . Assembly was n't too bad , but you may want to consider using a cordless drill or screwdriver to save on your hands and wrists . This is a nice , tall unit that allows for displaying pictures or plants . I set my laptop on it when not in use . Good quality , as are most Sauder items I 've purchased over the years .
 I love this movie cabinet . I have had it already for 3 years and have bought another because we like it so much . It is very spacious and has a lock which is perfect for keeping my little ones out of it .
 I only ordered this pen to meet the minimum shipping requirements for the free shipping . Its a great little pen though . This is normally what I buy for my personal pens . Do n't wash it with your clothes though .
 These are 100 Year Journals ... and more . I 'm speaking about how long these Journals will last , for keeping a hard copy of Accounts or whatever else you may write into the pages of these historically well-known Journals . I worked for a major corporation , and all we used was Boorum & Pease Journals . I regularly used one daily from 1929 , during the 1960 's to 2005 . Still in great shape . Non-Acid paper . Quality bindings and sewing . Quality covers . We kept hundreds of years of these same type Journals in our Storage Mines , with Patent information and Laboratory Notes . You will Not find a more sturdy or quality product in Journals . Fancier , YES . Sturdy Quality , NO . A very humbling feature of these Journals is that when you 're making entries in them , you quickly realize these ` books ' with outlive YOU .
 I have had this scale for a year now . It works great , no problems , and is easy to use . The scale is accurate , and has handy features of `` tare '' and `` hold '' , so you can automatically subtract off the weight of a package , to calculate weight of contents only . `` Hold '' is nice , as you some times ca n't read the weight with a larger box covering the display , and `` hold '' remembers the weight for a few seconds . If you leave it on , it can sometimes eat batteries , so use the AC adapter if you ca n't remember to turn it off : - -RRB-
 I needed a scale to weigh objects up to 25 lbs in mass . This scale does so with accuracy to the nearest 0.1 oz . This scale is very portable and easy to use .
 This scale is okay for measuring small package . accuracy is superior so far , but due to small screen attached to scale , it could hard to read weight with large size box .
 What 's to say ? It weighs packages and it works........-duh -LRB- ? -RRB- They want more words
 I can definitely say this is the best packaging tape available , and I 've used them all . Purchased at a local store , it 's usually cheaper than Scotch brand and works much better . It 's thicker than the average tape and does not rip and does not make that loud noise coming out of the dispenser ! Because it 's thicker , it 's always easy to find the end . A + product all-around .
 Bandit tape is a thicker tape that comes off the roll very smoothly . I like it much better than the packing tape that is available at the post office and/or the drug stores . The dispenser is quite sturdy and much easier to use than other brands . It can be used with one hand ! I do wish that I could find the tape refills . So far I have only found the tape/dispenser package at the `` low price '' store .
 I 've been using this tape for several years , and it 's always been great . I am an eBay seller , so I got through a lot of tape . This stuff is less expensive than Scotch and much thicker/better quality . As the previous reviewer mentioned , the tape does not make that irritating squealing noise when you peel it off the dispenser . I think that 's because it does not stretch . When tape stretches , it causes all kinds of issues while you are trying to use it . This tape usually stays straight , although those mysterious little plastic tabs are not always effective at keeping the tape end away from the rest of the roll . I usually have to locate the end of the roll before using it . The cutter is nice and sharp , which is more than I can say for Scotch . Wish they still sold Bandit tape refills at local discount stores , so I would n't have to keep throwing away the perfectly good dispensers . I also wish they 'd come up with a better way to keep the tape end from falling back onto the roll , but I can live with that . Otherwise , you ca n't go wrong for $ 3 a roll at the discount store with the yellow smiley . : - -RRB-
 This represents the deficiency of product designs in America . They are not as well designed as those made in Japan . Not always convenient but it is pretty quite . It gets work done . I wish the tape could be a little bit more flexible . It does not need to be than thick and smelly .
 This is a valuable tool allowing us to to add music into our curriculum . Anyone can master this .
 Very nice book . It will be useful to track expenses and revenue on my farm . In the front , the column closest to the binder is a little tough to get at , but I see it gets better as you get further into the book . It appears to be a quality product that will last the rest of my life .
 This was purchased for my office where we keep annual records in them as permanent reference logs of our activities . The binding is very sturdy and the paper is strong enough to stand up to different types of ink pens , either ball point or liquid ink -LRB- sharpies -RRB- . Would recommend the B&P products for anyone who needs columnar books .
 are not only a history of where my money has gone from the time I was twenty , but also a biography of my life . I just ordered and received the 5th book which , I guess , will be the final chapters since I am now 74 . The books have held their age as well as I , if I may say so ... possibly a tad better ! They are very dear to my heart.Thank you , Amazon , Mr. Boorum and Mr. Pease .
 Even with a state of the art computer system , we back up our manual cash accounting with a permanent hand written copy . Boorum and Pease columnar books provide the security we require and Amazon provides us with continued availability and the best pricing .
 I have an entire wall dedicated to my rescue dogs and these are perfect ... . great pictures and the sticky backs do not rip up the wall paper ...
 I use this product all the time to put my grandchildren 's pictures on my refrigerator . But you can stick them anywhere and when you want to remove them they leave no residue .
 The photo paper has adhesive on the back which makes it easy to stick on cards , on the fridgel or what have you .
 I 've been a Waterman fan all of my life , but I was given this Mont Blanc at my last job as a going-away present . The pen is wonderful . I use it every day and it feels great . The ink flows beautifully , and it fits perfectly in the hand with a nice balance . I highly recommend it ...
 When I saw this pen on Amazon for such a great price I could ` nt resist ! The pen was shipped very quickly and I recieved it in perfect condition -LRB- even the box -RRB- ! A great investment for the Mont Blanc enthusiest . In fact , I plan to have it engraved this weekend !
 The pen was as shown and my husband is very happy with it . Quick shipping . The packaging was a little weak , the box was crushed and so was the pen box inside , I thought about sending it back as it was a gift , but it was n't worth the hassel . I would say they needed to package this item in a smaller box or put more packing inside it to keep it from crushing .
 this is a awesome pen to have . feel nice and write smooth . . you shound buy oneif you have the money for one , it a little pricey but its well worth it
 I had a great experience with this buyer . I purchased this pen as gift for a friend who has told me many times that it is now his favorite . Montblanc makes excellent pens ! This company provided me with an excellent experience ! Thanks again .
 I took a chance on a new seller on my first Amazon purchase . And I am totally and fully pleased . The seller put a lot into the experience and went above and beyond . My order came with a greeting card , hand written , that thanked me for my purchase and noted that they had included two pen refills and a signature Monte Blanc case for my special purchase of a Monte Blanc pen . They also apologized that my order took a little longer to reach me due to the pen having to come from overseas.I am thrilled with my purchase . It is a Graduation gift that will most definitely bring a smile.Thank you !
 good product god condition but the engravment voucher was removed from the box before shipping
 This was exactly what we needed and came in a timely manner given the holidays .
 The cap can get bent easily if it accidentally falls down . My Parker Sonnet is smoother but it could be because it is older and I have used it a lot .
 The bucket driver 's seat in my Chevy truck was just an inch too low for safe driving and trailer hauling.All the cushions -- from homemade to costly purchases of orthopedic wonders in special shapes of fancyrubber and foam -- allowed me to rock around on top of them which is not safe and very tiring trying to sitsolid on turns . The Obus Forme seat is actually shaped like a bucket seat -- it curves up slightly on bothsides . It provided the inch of rise I needed and a lot more comfort and seat support than I expected . Thequality is excellent and it is easy to fit for large or small . I 'll buy the back rest next .
 I have a bad back and when I ride in my 2007 Honda Accord for a long time , my back hurts . With this seat , I have successfully completed several long trips with no issues . My back still hurts , but not while sitting on this seat in my car . It does slide around a little , but not enough to affect my comfort . It would be nice if it came with a removable cover because it collects pet hair and fuzz , etc. and I 'd rather throw a cover in the wach vice the entire seat .
 I needed a seat cushion for my new car . I knew the name Obus Forme and , since the measurments seemed right , I took a chance and ordered it . I arrived in perfect condition almost a week ahead of what I expected . It has made such a difference in my car , and with my bad back , it 's a godsend !
 I used this product in an DOC 's office and enjoyed immediate reduction of back pain . Amazon helped me get two of these seats and companion back supports . I use them all day at home and even on airplanes to help me get through the flights with greatly reduced discomfort .
 Using this cushion makes a world of difference when your driving . It 's a great product and very comfortable .
 does provide comfort and back support but probably not practical for use on airlines due to the bulk .
 I 'm a medical student , so I sit on a hard chair for hours every day in lecture . This seat cushion is quite literally saving my ass , preventing the coccyx , hip , and lower back pain that was plaguing me by the end of first year . It 's form does a good job of distributing the pressure . I also like that you can zip off the front 1/3 for shallow chairs.One warning
 If you have been experiencing lower back pain after being seated for some time , this attractive and comfortable portable seat could be just the answer . I had been experiencing lower back problems after visiting friends in the country . Suspecting that my pain was being caused by their dining room chairs , where we watched TV for hours on end , I brought along the Obus Forme Seat on my last visit . No more pain ! The seat comes in a handy little plastic tote bag with a handle for carrying , and you can zip off the front segment of the seat to fit shallower chairs .
 This cushion saved my butt on a long car trip ! I have periodic flareups of sciatica and hip pain , aggravated by riding in the car . Even short trips around town usually have me squirming in my seat . With the ObusForme cushion I can ride or drive pain free for hours at a time . I also brought it to a football game , and was comfortable for over three hours on the bleacher seat . It seems like a lot of money to spend on a cushion , and I was really skeptical about ordering it , but I 'm so glad I gave it a chance . Well worth the money !!! Amazon had the best price I found , it was $ 99 at Walgreens .
 I bought this seat for my husband -- he is a 6 ' 2 , 185 Lb . over the road truck driver -LRB- anyone who knows what trucking is like knows what it does to you -RRB- . He had tried other seats with limited success and he loves this one . I knew about the Obus because I 've used one for over 15 years in my Subarus -LRB- not known for their comfortable seating -RRB- and it is still in acceptable shape . I bought it originally because I 'm a small person who rattles around in most vehicles and had a lower back problem , and it has made long distance driving without pain possible . It also goes well with the lower back rest , but can be used very effectively without it . It has an inner form that is far and away better than other seats I have tried . Do n't even bother looking at other brands . This is the best seat on the market .
 After some lower back issues , I was in the market for seat and lumbar support cushions to help with longer car rides in my Gen 3 Honda CR-V . There are dozens on the market and I 've tried most of them from cheap no-name brands to the expensive temperp **** and brooksto ** brands . I found the cheaper ones were either too thin and non-supportive or way too firm and no give to them . I also found the more expensive ones comfy with good support , but a bit too thick and pushed me either too high up or too far forward in my seat . I turned to amazon and reviews from others which helped me settle on trying this Obus seat . Right away I found it fit almost perfectly in my CR-V 's driver seat in both depth and width . After driving around for a few days , it provided the right amount of padding , and while I 'm about an inch or so higher I 'm nowhere near the head liner -LRB- I 'm a bit under 6 feet tall -RRB- . I did not experience feeling any wires or seams as others have mentioned . Finally I noticed that I no longer needed a separate lumbar cushion , the Obus seat raised me just enough to get more support from the standard seat . I also spoke with my physical therapist and she mentioned that Honda 's bottom seat tends to be low and agreed just the seat cushion alone should do the trick . So if you are in the market to improve the comfort of your Honda 's seat , give the Obus seat a try .
 I 've had problems with sitting in any chair or car seat for a long time . I had searched for a seat cushion to try and relieve pressure on my SI joints and then the shooting pain in my legs . This seat did it . As soon as I purchased and tried one in one of my cars I purchased an additional two for my office chair and for a second car . Relief is all I can say thankfully.Whenever I go with a friend in their car I grab one of my seats and can ride for more than 20 minutes trying to sit to relieve the pain in my back/leg . I would recommend this seat to anyone who has problems with their SI joints and the pain they get when they sit for any length of time
 Great firm seat cushion . It stays in place well , and is a good complement to the Obus Forme back support device . You have to play around with it to get things at the perfect spot , being that they 're two completely separate pieces.The front section zips off -LRB- see in the photo there are three sections -RRB- . If you 're short , give it a try both ways , first with the entire cushion , then later with the one section removed . This will help you decide which way is best for you personally.The only complaint I can think of is that the back support and the seat cushion should be offered as a set so that someone does n't have to purchase the items separately .
 I was a little skeptical about the Obus seat , I thought I just needed the back rest . However the seat helps to keep you in the correct position .
 This seat is amazing . I have a desk job where I am sitting in an uncomfortable desk chair all day long . I was experiencing immense hip pain and thought I would have to do physical therapy . I ordered this ergonomic seat and I do not have any more hip pain ! I am truly amazed at how well it works . I also purchased a lumbar pillow to go with it , but it would also be very comfortable on its own . I am 5 ' 4 and 120 lbs and it fits me perfectly . A larger person would probably need a wider cushion .
 My office chair has given me back pain for years . I finally reached the point that I could not sit on it . I had purchased the Obus seat cushion for my car years ago , and ordered a second one for my office . It has made all the difference . I 'm no longer uncomfortable at work , and my back does not bother me at the end of the day .
 As a busy travel agent , I sit all day behind my computer . Office chairs have never been very comfortable for me and as a result , the backs of my thighs used to go numb if I sat too long . My sister suggested I try the Obus forme seat and that changed everything for me . There is a hard plastic shell inside the seat that helps keep your spine better aligned and takes the pressure off the nerves in your lower back and tailbone area . I 've been using mine for over 20 years and it has been a lifesaver . It 's not a squishy seat so if you are looking for a soft seat for your bum , this is not it . If you are looking for back support , then give this seat a try . The padding is enough to make it very comfortable . I do not work for the company . I 'm just a happy customer .
 The seat is a great addition to the Obus back support . It makes sitting more bearable . I highly recommend these products . They are well made .
 I bought this for my husband who drives truck OTR . The seat in his truck is so worn out and gives no support or comfort whatsoever , so his back and sitting bones were always hurting.After the first day of using this , he called me up and thanked me . He 's been using it for just over a week now , and he 's still talking about how much he loves it . He no longer has to drive around the country in pain !
 This seat is supportive but occasionally uncomfortabledue to the frame under the seat . It certainly is better thannothing and other seats I 've tried .
 This cushion is great for long trips . It distributes your weight evenly while sitting for long periods of time so that your back does n't start to get tired . I would n't drive anywhere without it . It is light weight and easy to store when not using.Obus Forme Ergonomic Seat , Black
 Great product . I have a bad back and have problems sitting on hard seats and purchased this to keep in my car for going into restaurants , etc. . Fits perfect and definitely helps . Now I can sit for the entire dinner when we go out . Good quality and does the job .
 When I first saw the price of this after being referred to some work place safety sites from my physical therapist I was turned off . However , logic kicked in and said that if I 'm uncomfortable sitting at my desk for 9 hours a day , and I miss work because of it , this is going to pay for itself in the long run.I have degenerative disc disease , coupled with a pain that shoots down my right leg when seated . The standard McKenzie roll did n't do much for me . I added this seat wedge , and it has made all the difference in the world . One person commented that it was n't soft enough , this has made my work chair SO much more comfortable and is far softer than it was before ! I am considering getting their seat back to pair with this , but the high price is again hard to swallow . Not sure if I need more than the McKenzie roll that I already have in place.One caveat is that you really have to ensure that you are planted dead center in the wedge . If you get off to the edges , you 'll get a lopsided feeling , which is n't good for ergonomics . I no longer have the sharp pain my the back of my leg that feels like someone is stabbing me with a knife . The tabs that attach it to their back support are quite hefty , and they have the tendency to flap up when not being used . They are not comfortable to sit on either . Would 've like to have seen them be able to be zipped away in a product that is this pricey .
 I have suffered from lower back and leg pain due to vertebral disc problems for many years . Having a desk job exacerbated the discomfort.I purchased theObus Forme High-back Backrest , Blackand another `` back saver '' type seat cushion about six -LRB- 6 -RRB- years ago . When the other cushion no longer served its purpose , I purchased theObus Forme Ergonomic Seat , Black . The Obus Forme Ergonomic Seat simply connects to the Obus Forme High Backrest Support with two hook and eye extentions . The Obus Forme Ergonomic `` set '' allows me to sit for 1 - 2 hours with greater comfort , i.e. , the numbness and pain in my lower back , buttocks and legs is minimized . The Obus Forme Ergonomic Seat is padded and reinforced . The segmented seat adjusts to support unique gluteus . Since the Obus Forme High Backrest Support has been very durable , I expect similar substance from the Obus Forme Ergonomic Seat.If you suffer from chronic back pain and/or sciatica , help minimize your distress
 This is the second time I 've owned this product . My orthopedic doctor ordered one for me years ago , but things do wear out . It has a built-in support which thrusts the hip and spine slightly forward and relieving the strain to keep back straight . It can unzip one length . I 've carried it on planes . I also have the back support which attaches to this .
 I wanted to wait a while before writing this review to see how the product would hold up over time . The black fabric has no pilling , it 's easy to clean and helps to correct your posture while seated . I got this for my husband 's work vehicle . If you 've ever had a company car or work truck you know you 're at your boss 's mercy when it comes to repairs . The driver 's seat should be replaced but since the boss does n't see it as a priority I bought the Obus Forme . I have no complaints about it but if you do n't have common sense you may not have the foresight to notice from the product image that every time you exit the vehicle it will shift a bit because it is not attached to the driver 's seat . This means you will have to shift it back into place . A small price to pay for a comfortable seat .
 The only reason I did not give it 5 stars is that there should be a strap to hold the seat down around my office chair like there is for the back . I have a slippery office chair and this slides around a lot , so I have to put it in the correct spot each time I sit . Otherwise it is a great , comfy seat ! I am 5 ' 4 and 130 pounds ... if you are a large/wide person this seat may not be wide enough for you . Works great for me !
 These seats raise one enough to help the stupid design of many car seats that raise the front and cause a poor sitting position . T unzip the end and get some relief , not total , but the best I have found . I have two spares , have worn through many . They need a stronger outer sleuth , like canvas .
 Gives good support and comfortable it has helped the pain in my hip while im at the office . I would still like more padding .
 the description , and the picture of it , did not mention that the item covered the dates from june 2008 to july 2009 . this version is for educators . what i wanted was the one that covered january 2009 through december 2009 . the description did not clearly explain this . i had to return the book for credit , and in so doing it cost me $ 7.20 because i was charged for what should have been free shipping for the book and another item i had purchased . the description of 70957 and 70950 should be corrected .
 This appointment book meets my needs to a tee . It is not too bulky and fits in my bag perfectly . I particularly like the weekly 15 min . intervals . It is just what I need for my business . The only thing I would love to see is a faux leather cover in a different color - prefer red . Great buy for the money !
 Love this book ! Best layout of any of the hourly appointment books . 15 minute increments are so helpful . The -LRB- from , to -RRB- dates at the top are less confusing than the other brands . It is best when the large dates -LRB- from , to -RRB- at the top are aligned with the proper day of the week ! I buy it every year and strongly prefer August to August . It allows for January and Spring planning without a hitch in the busy month of December .
 At-A-Glance Weekly Professional 81/4 x 107/8 Inch Black Appointment Book -LRB- 70957-05 -RRB- Awesome appointment book for those who need it . It is a filler for a another great product , the leather binder that goes with this filler . The leather binder takes this filler , so just for the price of this filler , you executive book lasts for MANY years!Kind Regards , God Bless , Rapture is coming soon!Thomas M. PridhamAmazon Customer for MANY years - great products , great customer servicecell
 My office chair has given me back pain for years . I finally reached the point that I could not sit on it . I had purchased the Obus seat cushion for my car years ago , and ordered a second one for my office . It has made all the difference . I 'm no longer uncomfortable at work , and my back does not bother me at the end of the day .
 As a busy travel agent , I sit all day behind my computer . Office chairs have never been very comfortable for me and as a result , the backs of my thighs used to go numb if I sat too long . My sister suggested I try the Obus forme seat and that changed everything for me . There is a hard plastic shell inside the seat that helps keep your spine better aligned and takes the pressure off the nerves in your lower back and tailbone area . I 've been using mine for over 20 years and it has been a lifesaver . It 's not a squishy seat so if you are looking for a soft seat for your bum , this is not it . If you are looking for back support , then give this seat a try . The padding is enough to make it very comfortable . I do not work for the company . I 'm just a happy customer .
 The seat is a great addition to the Obus back support . It makes sitting more bearable . I highly recommend these products . They are well made .
 I bought this for my husband who drives truck OTR . The seat in his truck is so worn out and gives no support or comfort whatsoever , so his back and sitting bones were always hurting.After the first day of using this , he called me up and thanked me . He 's been using it for just over a week now , and he 's still talking about how much he loves it . He no longer has to drive around the country in pain !
 This seat is supportive but occasionally uncomfortabledue to the frame under the seat . It certainly is better thannothing and other seats I 've tried .
 This cushion is great for long trips . It distributes your weight evenly while sitting for long periods of time so that your back does n't start to get tired . I would n't drive anywhere without it . It is light weight and easy to store when not using.Obus Forme Ergonomic Seat , Black
 Great product . I have a bad back and have problems sitting on hard seats and purchased this to keep in my car for going into restaurants , etc. . Fits perfect and definitely helps . Now I can sit for the entire dinner when we go out . Good quality and does the job .
 When I first saw the price of this after being referred to some work place safety sites from my physical therapist I was turned off . However , logic kicked in and said that if I 'm uncomfortable sitting at my desk for 9 hours a day , and I miss work because of it , this is going to pay for itself in the long run.I have degenerative disc disease , coupled with a pain that shoots down my right leg when seated . The standard McKenzie roll did n't do much for me . I added this seat wedge , and it has made all the difference in the world . One person commented that it was n't soft enough , this has made my work chair SO much more comfortable and is far softer than it was before ! I am considering getting their seat back to pair with this , but the high price is again hard to swallow . Not sure if I need more than the McKenzie roll that I already have in place.One caveat is that you really have to ensure that you are planted dead center in the wedge . If you get off to the edges , you 'll get a lopsided feeling , which is n't good for ergonomics . I no longer have the sharp pain my the back of my leg that feels like someone is stabbing me with a knife . The tabs that attach it to their back support are quite hefty , and they have the tendency to flap up when not being used . They are not comfortable to sit on either . Would 've like to have seen them be able to be zipped away in a product that is this pricey .
 I have suffered from lower back and leg pain due to vertebral disc problems for many years . Having a desk job exacerbated the discomfort.I purchased theObus Forme High-back Backrest , Blackand another `` back saver '' type seat cushion about six -LRB- 6 -RRB- years ago . When the other cushion no longer served its purpose , I purchased theObus Forme Ergonomic Seat , Black . The Obus Forme Ergonomic Seat simply connects to the Obus Forme High Backrest Support with two hook and eye extentions . The Obus Forme Ergonomic `` set '' allows me to sit for 1 - 2 hours with greater comfort , i.e. , the numbness and pain in my lower back , buttocks and legs is minimized . The Obus Forme Ergonomic Seat is padded and reinforced . The segmented seat adjusts to support unique gluteus . Since the Obus Forme High Backrest Support has been very durable , I expect similar substance from the Obus Forme Ergonomic Seat.If you suffer from chronic back pain and/or sciatica , help minimize your distress
 This is the second time I 've owned this product . My orthopedic doctor ordered one for me years ago , but things do wear out . It has a built-in support which thrusts the hip and spine slightly forward and relieving the strain to keep back straight . It can unzip one length . I 've carried it on planes . I also have the back support which attaches to this .
 I wanted to wait a while before writing this review to see how the product would hold up over time . The black fabric has no pilling , it 's easy to clean and helps to correct your posture while seated . I got this for my husband 's work vehicle . If you 've ever had a company car or work truck you know you 're at your boss 's mercy when it comes to repairs . The driver 's seat should be replaced but since the boss does n't see it as a priority I bought the Obus Forme . I have no complaints about it but if you do n't have common sense you may not have the foresight to notice from the product image that every time you exit the vehicle it will shift a bit because it is not attached to the driver 's seat . This means you will have to shift it back into place . A small price to pay for a comfortable seat .
 The only reason I did not give it 5 stars is that there should be a strap to hold the seat down around my office chair like there is for the back . I have a slippery office chair and this slides around a lot , so I have to put it in the correct spot each time I sit . Otherwise it is a great , comfy seat ! I am 5 ' 4 and 130 pounds ... if you are a large/wide person this seat may not be wide enough for you . Works great for me !
 These seats raise one enough to help the stupid design of many car seats that raise the front and cause a poor sitting position . T unzip the end and get some relief , not total , but the best I have found . I have two spares , have worn through many . They need a stronger outer sleuth , like canvas .
 Gives good support and comfortable it has helped the pain in my hip while im at the office . I would still like more padding .
 The bucket driver 's seat in my Chevy truck was just an inch too low for safe driving and trailer hauling.All the cushions -- from homemade to costly purchases of orthopedic wonders in special shapes of fancyrubber and foam -- allowed me to rock around on top of them which is not safe and very tiring trying to sitsolid on turns . The Obus Forme seat is actually shaped like a bucket seat -- it curves up slightly on bothsides . It provided the inch of rise I needed and a lot more comfort and seat support than I expected . Thequality is excellent and it is easy to fit for large or small . I 'll buy the back rest next .
 I have a bad back and when I ride in my 2007 Honda Accord for a long time , my back hurts . With this seat , I have successfully completed several long trips with no issues . My back still hurts , but not while sitting on this seat in my car . It does slide around a little , but not enough to affect my comfort . It would be nice if it came with a removable cover because it collects pet hair and fuzz , etc. and I 'd rather throw a cover in the wach vice the entire seat .
 I needed a seat cushion for my new car . I knew the name Obus Forme and , since the measurments seemed right , I took a chance and ordered it . I arrived in perfect condition almost a week ahead of what I expected . It has made such a difference in my car , and with my bad back , it 's a godsend !
 I used this product in an DOC 's office and enjoyed immediate reduction of back pain . Amazon helped me get two of these seats and companion back supports . I use them all day at home and even on airplanes to help me get through the flights with greatly reduced discomfort .
 Using this cushion makes a world of difference when your driving . It 's a great product and very comfortable .
 does provide comfort and back support but probably not practical for use on airlines due to the bulk .
 I 'm a medical student , so I sit on a hard chair for hours every day in lecture . This seat cushion is quite literally saving my ass , preventing the coccyx , hip , and lower back pain that was plaguing me by the end of first year . It 's form does a good job of distributing the pressure . I also like that you can zip off the front 1/3 for shallow chairs.One warning
 If you have been experiencing lower back pain after being seated for some time , this attractive and comfortable portable seat could be just the answer . I had been experiencing lower back problems after visiting friends in the country . Suspecting that my pain was being caused by their dining room chairs , where we watched TV for hours on end , I brought along the Obus Forme Seat on my last visit . No more pain ! The seat comes in a handy little plastic tote bag with a handle for carrying , and you can zip off the front segment of the seat to fit shallower chairs .
 This cushion saved my butt on a long car trip ! I have periodic flareups of sciatica and hip pain , aggravated by riding in the car . Even short trips around town usually have me squirming in my seat . With the ObusForme cushion I can ride or drive pain free for hours at a time . I also brought it to a football game , and was comfortable for over three hours on the bleacher seat . It seems like a lot of money to spend on a cushion , and I was really skeptical about ordering it , but I 'm so glad I gave it a chance . Well worth the money !!! Amazon had the best price I found , it was $ 99 at Walgreens .
 I bought this seat for my husband -- he is a 6 ' 2 , 185 Lb . over the road truck driver -LRB- anyone who knows what trucking is like knows what it does to you -RRB- . He had tried other seats with limited success and he loves this one . I knew about the Obus because I 've used one for over 15 years in my Subarus -LRB- not known for their comfortable seating -RRB- and it is still in acceptable shape . I bought it originally because I 'm a small person who rattles around in most vehicles and had a lower back problem , and it has made long distance driving without pain possible . It also goes well with the lower back rest , but can be used very effectively without it . It has an inner form that is far and away better than other seats I have tried . Do n't even bother looking at other brands . This is the best seat on the market .
 After some lower back issues , I was in the market for seat and lumbar support cushions to help with longer car rides in my Gen 3 Honda CR-V . There are dozens on the market and I 've tried most of them from cheap no-name brands to the expensive temperp **** and brooksto ** brands . I found the cheaper ones were either too thin and non-supportive or way too firm and no give to them . I also found the more expensive ones comfy with good support , but a bit too thick and pushed me either too high up or too far forward in my seat . I turned to amazon and reviews from others which helped me settle on trying this Obus seat . Right away I found it fit almost perfectly in my CR-V 's driver seat in both depth and width . After driving around for a few days , it provided the right amount of padding , and while I 'm about an inch or so higher I 'm nowhere near the head liner -LRB- I 'm a bit under 6 feet tall -RRB- . I did not experience feeling any wires or seams as others have mentioned . Finally I noticed that I no longer needed a separate lumbar cushion , the Obus seat raised me just enough to get more support from the standard seat . I also spoke with my physical therapist and she mentioned that Honda 's bottom seat tends to be low and agreed just the seat cushion alone should do the trick . So if you are in the market to improve the comfort of your Honda 's seat , give the Obus seat a try .
 I 've had problems with sitting in any chair or car seat for a long time . I had searched for a seat cushion to try and relieve pressure on my SI joints and then the shooting pain in my legs . This seat did it . As soon as I purchased and tried one in one of my cars I purchased an additional two for my office chair and for a second car . Relief is all I can say thankfully.Whenever I go with a friend in their car I grab one of my seats and can ride for more than 20 minutes trying to sit to relieve the pain in my back/leg . I would recommend this seat to anyone who has problems with their SI joints and the pain they get when they sit for any length of time
 Great firm seat cushion . It stays in place well , and is a good complement to the Obus Forme back support device . You have to play around with it to get things at the perfect spot , being that they 're two completely separate pieces.The front section zips off -LRB- see in the photo there are three sections -RRB- . If you 're short , give it a try both ways , first with the entire cushion , then later with the one section removed . This will help you decide which way is best for you personally.The only complaint I can think of is that the back support and the seat cushion should be offered as a set so that someone does n't have to purchase the items separately .
 I was a little skeptical about the Obus seat , I thought I just needed the back rest . However the seat helps to keep you in the correct position .
 This seat is amazing . I have a desk job where I am sitting in an uncomfortable desk chair all day long . I was experiencing immense hip pain and thought I would have to do physical therapy . I ordered this ergonomic seat and I do not have any more hip pain ! I am truly amazed at how well it works . I also purchased a lumbar pillow to go with it , but it would also be very comfortable on its own . I am 5 ' 4 and 120 lbs and it fits me perfectly . A larger person would probably need a wider cushion .
 It is perfect for my needs ! It 's very long and wide , which is great because I have a lot of books and papers , and I can spread out without needing little extra shelves and space elsewhere.It 's very solid , it feels like it will last a long time . I love the color and the size , and the shelves . Just a heads up , the shelves are great , but the stop shelves are n't very high , so not much can fit , and since they angle in , it 's kind of hard to reach when you 're just sitting there . But those do n't bother me . It 's absolutely great , and with two-day shipping , it got here early -LRB- was supposed to arrive on Wednesday , but arrived on Tuesday ! -RRB- So I have no complaints !
 It took only 30 minutes to get the whole thing up and cleaned off . It looks great and it is nice and big for all my stuff . I looks great in my office . It is also very sturdy .
 I bought this desk to create a more useable workstation at my house -LRB- out of which I work -RRB- and this desk was easy to assemble , looks terrific , and is plenty study . Additioanlly , the wood appears to be relatively high quality , in that it does n't scratch easily like crappy MDF desks from -LRB- Target | Walmart | OfficeMax -RRB-
 I bought the Obus Ultra Forme recently after a job change drastically increased my drive time . My back was sore and my leg was starting to have nerve symptoms . I have been using the support for about a month now and could not be happier with it . While I still have a bit of stiffness after a long drive , I am not having the pain I had come to expect . Two things of note :1 -RRB- I am about 6 ' tall . My wife , who is 5 ' 7 '' hates the brace and feels like it pokes in her back too much . So , whether it is just my wife or whether it is not as good for shorter individuals is for you to decide .2 -RRB- The thickness of the support hinders my ability to rest my head on the head rest . I have to consciously think about keeping my head back . I have looked around for a matching head support with no success yet . If you have neck problems , it is just something to keep in mind.Overall , I think this is a great product . It is adequately cushioned and provides nice , firm lumbar support without over-doing it .
 I got one from my chiropractor as a gift , used it for my car . My new car having great lumbar support , I gave it to my Mom for her office , and she moves it to her car . Then my dad started liking it so I got him one too . These are easy to use and really improve your posture , keeping your back pain free , especially on those long road trips . Great for the office too !
 My new car -LRB- Subaru Forester -RRB- is great in many ways , but I just could not get comfortable in the seat , especially with the ridiculous non-adjustable headrest that pushes my head forward -LRB- in most cars now , a federal requirement to reduce whiplash -- and induce migraines -RRB- . I 'd been fearing I 'd made a terrible mistake purchasing this car . I teste several back supports/cushions from local ergo and medical supply stores but nothing helped . I took a chance on this one based on the reviews , and I 'm so glad I did . Finally I 'm comfortable in my new car ! It 's supportive and cushioned all the way from lower back to mid back to upper back , exactly what I needed . I like to sit up straight , and it 's perfect for that . It pushes my back forward just enough so that the stupid headrest no longer pushes my head forward . It 's narrow so it nestles perfectly between the `` wings '' of my bucket seat . The only problem for me is that if the bottom of it is resting on the seat , the curve of the lumbar area does n't hit me quite right , so to get it perfect I have to lift it up about an inch or inch and a half -- every time I get in the car . That 's annoying , but OK because I 'm just so relieved to be comfortable now.Because this car has side air bags in the seatback , I did n't think I should use the attached straps which encircle the seat horizontally , possibly preventing the side air bag from deploying . What I did to secure it to the seatback was purchase a luggage strap with which I vertically encircled the entire seatback .
 I 'm a long-time back patient . I 've benefitted from the old version of LeanOn -LRB- now finally on the market again by a new company , Jobri -RRB- , but I found this one has some advantages
 I really do like this back support . I bought it for my car seat since my car is old and the foam no long has lumbar/back support properly . Also I am in my car 2hrs/day so it was making my back hurt . Product was delivered ahead of time in new packaging . Box was somewhat beat up due to shipping but not bad and the back rest was still fine . I started noticing my back hurt less after day 2 . It is nice because it does align your shoulders and back at the same time while still being comfortable . Materials and assembly are of good quality so I expect it will hold up to a lot of use . My only complaint is the elastic straps to hold it to the seat even when tightened as much as possible still allow the back rest to move slightly to one angle or another depending on where i shift my weight to . Its not bad but I wish it would stick to the seat better to force me into better posture instead of allowing me to lean slightly to one side or another . Still overall I would recommend this product and buy one again .
 I recently herniated my L1 S5 disc , with sciatica in my right leg , and it has been a miserable experience . I was so desperate I read the reviews and got this , along with the gel seat cushion . The backrest is amazing , and I was able to survive 23 hours of vacation driving only because of it . The seat cushion is a nice compliment , but the most relief comes from the backrest . It is a bit tricky while driving , as making turns can be akward , causing you to feel like to are sliding off it . Works great while sitting here at my computer desk . Highly recommended .
 I got this Obus Forme Ultra Forme back rest to be used in a chair but I 'm using it now in my car . I was getting ready to go on a road trip and my back probably needed an adjustment from the chiropracter but there was no time for that . I was stressed and that was making my back pain worse . I was dreading the hours in the car and what my back would feel like . As I loaded up the car , UPS pulled up and there was my back rest . I thought `` what the heck '' and put it in the driver 's seat.OMG is all I can say . I was in HEAVEN . My back instantly relaxed and for the first time in over a decade my back and butt did not kill me during a road trip . I 've tried many other cushions , rolls , gel seats , but this Ultra Forme did the trick . It 's like a magic bullet.I will say , it does not provide me the same feeling in a dining room chair or office chair . :-LRB- But in the car it 's amazing and worth keeping for that alone . I think with the regular chairs there must be something about the back and how it all hits my back so I will keep playing with it . I did notice that most of the reviews like this product for their cars too . Hopefully one day I 'll find the magic for a chair . But for now I 'm so very happy that this worked in the car even though that was n't the reason I bought it . Great product for drivers .
 I 'm a 5 ' 4 '' female driving a 2007 Honda Fit . There 's a known issue with short or medium-height people in this car - the headrest brings the head forward too much , causing neck and back pain . I went looking for a solution , and I found a Honda Fit forum where someone suggested this backrest in a size Medium . So I tried it and it worked for me.I just finished a 13-hour car drive and I used it in my car ... and my back does not hurt ! Enough said . : -RRB- To be completely pain-free on the long car drive I also rolled up a blanket to use as a neck pillow . On short drives I do n't seem to need that though.I 'm getting a second backrest for my desk at work now - because I sit all day at work and I think my back pain would go away if I had this lumbar support at work . Lumbar support is one of those things I never knew I needed until I tried it .
 Product is a huge improvement over prior Obus Forme designs -LRB- I have two older back supports by them -RRB- . The form is great and the ability to choose according to one 's height is even better . You will enjoy the beneficial difference this product makes .
 I bought this product a couple of months ago and seem to be very effective . My back aches have virtually disappeared . I recommend the product to anyone with back issues
 I have an `` executive '' chair that 's too large and curved wrong . The backrest corrected the curve and filled in excess space -LRB- I 'm 5 ' 7 '' and slim with slight scoliosis -RRB- . Of course one still should use upper AND lower ab muscles to support their posture , not to mention high monitor placement , low keyboard placement , and thighs fairly horizontal with feet flat on the floor . But with that in order , this backrest will do the rest .
 I like this product.It definately helps keep my posture better which does ease back pain . I spend a lot of time in front of my computer . I would buy it again , and I wo n't be without some product to help my back . I have n't tried any other products so I ca n't compare it but definately worth the money .
 I recently bought a new car , made in 2011 . Apparently , after 2008 , all new cars are manufactured with `` active head restraints . '' While that is all well and good on the safety side of things , it makes for a VERY uncomfortable ride , as the head restraint tilts forward quite a bit , forcing your head forward , causing terrible posture ... which causes back pain -LRB- in my experience , anyway -RRB- . I did tons of research and finally settled on this back rest which got awesome reviews . Totally did the trick . Supports the entire length of my back , and corrects the weird curve the poorly designed head restraint caused . Highly recommended !
 This back rest was originally purchased to put in a new ford fiesta . It was supposed to keep the stupid headrests from killing your back and neck . It fits into the seat like it was made to be there . It was so good this order is for the passenger side . Works great , but I do n't know how well they work for their intended purpose
 I have lower back issues ; a back support was suggest by my pain management specialist . I tried several and was disappointed because they were not curved to give support to MY lower back . This product comes sized ... I am five feet tall and most other products are manufactured for taller people . The small size puts lumbar support exactly where it is needed . I recommend this product .
 I bought this product for someone else , who decided upon trying it out that it was not for their purpose . I now use this backrest in my study for all of my desk work . I never had a problem , but I believe this item is helping me even if I do n't know it -- it keeps me straight and supports my lower back -- it 's very comfortable .
 I needed some back support for my chair at work . This helped a lot . I like the fact that it has a handle so I can easily carry it to another chair for meetings , etc. . The clip makes it easy to secure to a chair .
 Obus Forme Ultra Forme Backrest Dimensions : Approx . -LRB- H X L X W and Weight -RRB- Small Obus Ultra Forme Backrest - 25 x 12.5 x 3.25 -- 2.8 lbsMedium Obus Ultra Forme Backrest - 26 x 12.5 x 3.5 -- 3 lbsLargeObus Ultra Forme Backrest - 28.5 x 12.5 x 3.75 -- 3.2 lbsRecommendations : Ultra Forme Backrest Size Chart : SMALL Backrest - Under 5 ' 2 `` MEDIUM Backrest - 5 ' 2 '' - 6 ' 2 `` LARGE Backrest - Over 6 ' 2 ''
 Although not perfect , the * ultra * has helped quite a bit . The convex design is radically different than most support products on the market . In fact , I originally purchased a cheaper Obus backrest that was concave in design and it did n't have nearly the support of the ultra . I am 5 ' 11 '' and I purchased the large because it was cheaper and available for fast shipment -LRB- I was in a lot of back pain that day -RRB- . I am glad that I purchased the large even though it is recommended for 6 ' 2 '' + . You can adjust the backrest vertically several inches so it is safe to go bigger if you are unsure what size that you need . This product does force you to sit up straight which in turn prevents you from slouching your shoulders . This may be somewhat uncomfortable at first , but it sure beats the back pain that I get from leaning back or slouching over in my chair too long .
 The Orbus Ultra is an excellent rest . While pricey compared to some it is high quality and compared to many professional backrests like the Moller is about 1/3 the cost.I have had chronic back pain and shoulder pain for almost two years . Between this backrest and using Elaine Petrone 's Miracle Balls I am now pain free.This seat works to put your whole spine in an optimum curve . It is not just a lumbar support . If you anticipate it being that and do not settle back into the whole length of the rest you will not get its full benefit.I have two one for my car and one for my chair at home . In both places I no longer have back fatigue when I exit the seat whether after a long drive or working in my recliner with my lap top for an evening . I also use the seat bottom in the car and find it helps my butt and legs tremedously .
 I bought this back support for my office chair . It feels like a curved board with very soft cushion on it . The curved board fits very nice with your back when you lie on it . If you sit up , the lower part serves as a cushion for your back so you dont get into a bad posture.Its not like a super comfort back cushion , but it serves to straight your position and gives you relief . I dont ever feel back pain when I have this on my chair and my co-workers complain alot about their pain.Its not a cushion , it really a nice back support . Its like the way I described , a board with foam on it and it can be very comforting . I recommend this product for anyone who works in an office all day . Its a must have and it has straps for you to strap to your chair .
 i spotted the obus forme back and seat rest at walgreens as a display in the pharmacy area and tried it out for myself . i 've had lumbar arthritis for a few years and was recently diagnosed with ms. so i definitely needed something for my office chair at work . well i lucked out when asking the walgreen 's manager about it . she gave it to me for free ! it works great and keeps your posture in the correct position . i read a review about the person slouching and having to adjust the back rest every time . well you 're not supposed to slouch first of all and this thing has velcro straps that keep it in place . i would have paid the $ 100 plus for this after trying it but turned out to be my lucky day . you might want to get the seat rest too . it 's feels perfect and goes great with the back rest . i definitely recommend this !
 This back suppport offers serious support for those with chronic back problems . I have two
 I bought this for our long vacation drive . Ordinarily I am in agony within the first 30 minutes of a 5-6 hour drive . I bought both the back support and the seat support . It was amazing ! It provided PERFECT support and I did not experience any back pain or hip pain ! I usually `` pay '' for my long trips for days after the drive , yet I remained pain free ! I highly recommend this support for your home , office or car !
 I like this backrest in my car . I use it with the matching seat cushion . I am small and the shape of my car seat forced me into a hunched position . However , I think it does not have enough lumbar support . The curvature of the backrest is very subtle . I may have to add a lumbar cushion.I tried it in my office chair -LRB- a basic task chair -RRB- and I liked it , but am always up and down and in and out of my seat . It did not stay in place well so I gave up.It did not fit properly in my dining room chair which has a curved back so I use an inflatable backrest there.I do not think this would be a good buy at original price , but at the sale price , it might be just what you need .
 Driver 's seats have poor back support , but using this back rest , which I have on both cars , reduces back ache and fatigue . Great for the price .
 awesome - bought for myself during recovery of a back injury and it worked wonders . If you sit or drive for extended periods you will LOVE this thing . My wife liked it so much bought her one - I am 6 ' and 180lbs and she is 5 ' 5 '' and 125lbs and it works great for both of us - you wo n't be disappointed .
 The back support system is certainly worth the price compared to something almost identical at over $ 700 . Thanks to whomever for bring out something that is good but reasonable .
 This item quickly in excellent shape . It provides back support like no other product I ` veseen . For the price , it can not be beaten .
 Toyota RAV4s are wonderful cars unless the seats do n't fit you , dreadful back pain ensues -- I usually purchase a car based on the seat -LRB- really -RRB- , but this was a gift and in all other ways a wonderful car -- THIS BACK SUPPORT MAKES IT WORK FOR ME -- no more back pain . Thank you .
 Being on the small side I use it to adjust my forward position while piloting . I also have a few back issues and forget the rest is even there - no problems or aches and pains to think about .
 I have been using the Obus Back Rest for approximately 2 months now . I took a 360 mile road trip and for the fist time in 3 years had absolutely NO PAIN or discomfort . I was so impressed I bought 2 more , 1 for my office and the other for my home . It takes a few days to get used to the new back support . I would highly recommend this product for anyone who suffers from back pain after driving in a car or even as a passenger and if you sit at a desk for long periods of time .
 Best ergonomic back support that I have used . Night & day difference in chair with or without this back rest . Heavily discounted now , I ordered a second one . Feels very sturdy , and pleasant looking , too . I am 5 ' 9 '' and the medium is perfect . The stapes are sturdy , and hold the back rest firmly in place .
 I bought this item on Amazon.com for less than anywhere else . It has great support for your back and it wo n't wear out . I definitely recommend this product .
 Overall , I find this to be a good product . If it had a little more support for the lower back I would love it !
 Great folders . Ca n't get these colors now where I used to order them & we have a filing system with these colors so want to continue with them .
 This phone is high quality and at a great price - you ca n't beat it !
 This Step Stool lived up to expectations . It is sturdy , stable and simple to open and close . The steps are wide and easy to climb . There was no problem with the `` feet '' . It does not slip or slide on the tiled floor of the kitchen . In every respect , it is safe to use , well made and likely to be long lived . Comparing this with similar products in the local stores , it is better , safer and moderately priced . A good buy .
 After looking at step stools at a number of local retail outlets -LRB- Walmart , Target , Home Depot -RRB- I turned to Amazon to see what they had to offer . I can tell you that most of the solutions out there are very poorly made and of low quality . If you compare them to the Polder 2-Step it is easily worth the extra money for this product . We use this at least twice per week so I wanted something solid and easy to use . These fold out easily and fold up just as easily . We have been using them for 3 months now and I would bet they will last for many years . I ca n't say enough good things about the Polder compared to poorly made units like the `` Cosco '' sold at many places .
 I like this product ! Wider steps are a plus , although I suppose is why it is a little heavier than most . Seems well-constructed and is sturdy . Shipping was quick too !
 We are very pleased with this stool . It 's substantial and well-balanced . Even though it 's a little heavy , I can handle carrying it just fine and strength is not my forte .
 Well built and relatively space saving . A little heavy , but I 'd rather have a little heavy than too light and flimsy . Very good product .
 I love this step stool . Very sturdy and easy to fold and store . Great for little ones who ca n't reach the counter yet to stand on since the handle bar touches the cabinet when the stool is put next to cabinets in kitchen .
 Easy to open and close . Not too heavy for a small person to carry . First rate .
 Quality step is easy to fold and is well made . Shipping was fast . No complaints about product , would purchase again .
 I use a step ladder for work , so I need something that will hold up to heavy use . I love this ladder , very sturdy .
 At some point , we all recognize the need for a step stool . First apartment ; first house . If you ca n't reach to clean that ceiling fan , light fixture , top of the cupboard , or window-sill you want to repaint , then this is the stool for you . I bought this model in 2006 and it has been a sturdy companion through the years -LRB- including two moves and too many loans to friends -RRB- . This Polder model is one that I can fold up and hide in the closet when not needed ; but which can easily appear and hold my weight steadily when required . It 's not `` light '' weight ; but it 's not too tough -LRB- unless you 're a marshmallow -RRB- to move around . It also will not pinch your fingers or make you struggle going open/close . I have had no issue with the rubber stoppers on the base . They adhere relentlessly , despite my regular dragging and thumping of the stool . Expect this step stool can live in either garage or closet as it cleans off easily with either `` dusting '' care or a full hosing down -LRB- as long as you dry it afterward -RRB- . Polder is also a company that has a good reputation for products and service . I recommend this product if what you want is a step stool workhorse .
 I mainly wanted a functional and cute folding step stool and this is the best I could find . It is a little larger than I expected ... but I must not have looked at the measurements . I think it 'll be a great addition to my place . Feels sturdy and is pretty cute . The box it came in was packaged poorly , but no damage was made .
 Polder LDR-6102 2-Step Designer Step Stool with Rail , Argento SilverItem is well built , sturdy , reasonably priced and exceeded expectations .
 This was the best price available for this model . I ordered two , they came very quickly . No problems at all .
 This thing is nice and heavy . I wanted something I can bang around my garage and house without grabbing my 6 ' latter which is often overkill.It feels very solid ; which could be a bad thing if you want something light and quiet .
 Exceptional Value ... Just what I needed ... Polder 2-Step Designer Step Stool with Rail , Argento Silver and Black ... very sturdy and durable ... folds up really easy ... very happy with this purchase ! ~
 As a vertically challenged person , I need a step stool in my kitchen at all times . Seriously , my kitchen was designed for those 6 feet tall and higher . This stool is of really great quality , and feels very safe and sturdy . It also looks great next to my stainless steel appliances . It 's sturdy , but not too heavy or awkward to move around .
 I had been looking for a wider step stool , one that I could not only reach higher but that I could sit on while working on pricing for my store . The description had no dimensions so I took and chance based on the looks . It is perfect for my needs . I was impressed with the heft and quality of the item -LRB- maybe a little too hefty for some -RRB- . The label says it will hold 225 lbs . At first I was disappointed when I folded it up that there was no catch to keep it from unfolding BUT then I figured out that you push the hinge covers down and that holds it ! Neat ! Too bad there was no information on all the packaging to tell me that ! -LRB- yes I read it all -RRB- I was also pleased with the shipping as I got it for free and it came in 4 days !
 this thing is light and super durable!folds nicely and can slip into a space about 2 '' wide to tuck away between uses .
 For years I 've had one of those metal one-step stools , which was OK for hanging small pictures and other simple things , but I had always wanted to buy a three-stepper with a rail to hang onto for safety.By the time I got around to purchasing this practical item , I found that the three-stepper gave me vertigo , simply by looking at it . I shopped around Amazon and found a wooden two-step model but it looked too bulky , so I kept at it until I found this one.I love it ; it 's perfect for me . Now I can not only hang larger pictures , I can also dust the tops of door-frames and handle other simple jobs with ease and safety.Grannie 's really stepping up in the world , and look how easy I am to please ! Is n't that cool?Reviewed by
 When I first unpacked this step stool , I was struck by how heavy it was but I 've gotten used to the weight and what remains is how substantial it is . It 's really solid and the steps are nice and wide and give me a feeling of security . After struggling with a cheaper , lighter step stool with a balky closing mechanism , I 'm also delighted by how easy it is to fold up . Just a gentle touch on the lever and it 's out of the way .
 This step ladder is strong , durable , heavy duty and I can tell it will last a lifetime . Great product and worth the money . You will get alot of use and many , many years out of it . Plus , I feel very safe on it .
 I purchased this as a present/apartment-warming gift , this step stool is the perfect size , weight and height for doing chores such as changing light bulbs , dusting high cabinets , and the tops of bookshelves . I was impressed with it 's smooth action and ease of function . I debated between a three-step stool and this model , but find this model to be as high as needed without the extra weight of the third step . The steps are wider and deeper than other models researched , making for a sturdier , more stable platform off of the ground.Note
 This step stool is excellent quality , very sturdy . The steps are larger than most step stools and they are covered with non-skid rubber . The fact that the steps lock in place really gives one an added sense of stability and security about getting up on it . Also , I like the fact the the `` joints '' on the legs are covered . I store my step stool between my refrigerator and a kitchen cabinet . the covered `` joints '' allow me to slide the step stool into the storage area without scratching my refrigerator or cabinet.Polder LDR-6102 2-Step Designer Step Stool with Rail , Argento Silver
 This is a great step stool . May be considered heavy for some people . Its just right to reach those tall places in the cabinets .
 The step stool by Polder lives up to every expectation I had of a sturdy , reliable , and safe way to reach the tall cabinets in the kitchen , and to accomplish other tasks in our home . Easy to open and it feels sturdy when it opens with just a click . This step stool comes with a rail , that lets even the most unsteady person feel secure when using . I have seen others that were shakey at best and just plain unsafe , but the Polder feels and is as strong as you could get at a reasonable price . Speaking of the price it was a great buy for the money , you wo n't go wrong with this designer step stool .
 This is funny yet spiritual . A must buy for this with a religious sense of humor
 I love and use this pen daily , with no problems . It is easy to fill , ans I love the broad nib . It is a good weight without being cumbersome .
 I have a few good pens -LRB- pun intended -RRB- This is as good or better than them.You will not be disappointed.Mine is F nib ... same as Japanese M
 Let me start by saying this Vendor is great . I will not hesitate to order from them again :D Product was exactly as described -LRB- maybe even better ... it is hard to do some things justice -RRB- . Vendor communication was excellent . Shipping was timely . I had and have no issues with either the vendor or the pen and pencil set . I use them daily , and they write beautifully .
 This is a beautiful set that writes smoothly without retraction of the ink cartridge or the pencil lead . It fits beautifully in the hand and feels great . I started with the 10 Karat Gold Filled/Rolled set , then bought the 14 and the 18 filled and then the solid 18 Karat Gold pen and pencil set . They are just as beautiful to use and to see .
 I bought this to fill up the few extra dollars in order to get Amazon 's free shipping.I did n't need new pens . However , these were a pleasant surprise . The pens are smooth for writing and the grip is definitely a comfy , nice touch .
 This is my favorite all around pen . It 's not too heavy for my purse but has a quality , balanced feel in my hand and a soft grip . It appears that Papermate has stopped making it because it 's no longer in their product line up on their website , so if you like this pen too , stock up now !
 Hard to find in stores . These pens work well and are refillable . Look better than cheap pens and write very well .
 good pen . writes nice . does n't bleed out . writes good on most surfaces . decent price and gets the job done well .
 these are the best pens ever made ! I have used this style of pen for over 10 years and it is sad that they 're very difficult to find now .
 These are no longer oing to be made , so buy them why you can . They write really nice ! And the pric is right !
 Love these pens . Sturdy , have a good weight + balance , write smoothly.One issue that happens is the rubber grip will wear out fairly quickly .
 These pens have a very comfortable grip and they write with ease . First pen I actually used until it ran out of ink .
 After running out I could n't find these pens locally so I had to order . Great feel and write well .
 I am so picky about my pens , and these write really smoothly and are so comfortable to use.They get stolen out of my office a lot = -RRB-
 I ordered these cards on Friday and received them the next Wednesday ! Super fast shipping and excellent service from Literary Luminaries makes this a good buy.The cards were packaged wonderfully . The cards themselves are just as described
 I used this to salvage a cheap purse with a broken strap . If you do n't need anything fancy , and want something that 's inexpensive without looking tacky , get this . Fast shipping , too .
 This key chain clip is great quality for a great price . I 'm very happy with it . It 's on the larger size , but it sure does work for carrying several sets of keys ! Nice !
 This locker organizer is just what my son needed to keep his school supplies where he can easily find them . It is well made and all we hoped it would be .
 Of course this is a gtreat product , but what is greater is that no retail chain store had any available , and I need three for my children . I ordered it from AMAZON , and it was shipped immediately . Absolutely great service form AMAZON and the manufacture !!!!!
 This is a great organizer . I use it in my bathroom and also bought one for my desk at work
 I have owned one of these for some months and have yet to experience any undesirable effects . My hands are large , though .
 i like fountain pens this one is nice i have many friends that saw me using it and wanted to try it . they deemed it the snazzy pen
 I like this calculator . I feel more organized now.I havent had the calculator for long but so far it works great and it looks nice .
 I HAVE USED THIS TYPE FOR MANY YEARS AND IT IS GREAT . I LOVE IT AND AM LOST WHEN IT DOES NOT WORK . THAT IS WHY I BOUGHT ME ANOTHER ONE .
 I love the functionality of this checkbook calculator . However , it is not secured very well to the checkbook . There 's one velcro strip at the top and the calculator is too heavy and keeps slipping out of place . I secured the bottom and sides with good old duct tape and so far , so good . It would be nice of the manufacturer to add these other points of attachment .
 I ordered this product after my old one died . This product does the trick . The only complaint is that it is difficult for me to find the batteries , so I went online and found them in bulk and ordered a supply . Other than that , I love it !
 Super simple to use , kinda bulky but if you want to keep your checking account organized this is a winner .
 This checkbook calculator is easy to use and an excellent set of instructions is provided . The LED is sized and lit adequately . The features allow one to track and review three accounts with accuracy . The protective case adequately protects the calculator and contains a section for checks , a paper checkbook register and other items -LRB- i.e. , stamps -RRB- . There may be only one minor issue with the section for the checks - you may have to cut down the backing on the checks so that it fits into the section .
 I bought this checkbook calculator for my Moms birthday this year -LRB- 2009 -RRB- . Her previous checkbook calculator had bit the dust but heck she had gotten it for her b-day in 1976 ... so it was past time for it to die , lol.She was ecstatic when she opened the box b/c it has so many new buttons . Now she can keep running totals of her checking , savings & credit card all in 1 place . It has lots of extras , places to keep credit cards and other items along w/your ck book . It has the date & time so you always know the date when your writing a check.I would recommend this ck book to anyone who has a Mom that is like mine ... . Mrs. Organization . Or even for yourself ... when it comes to money everyone needs to stay organized : -RRB-
 This is a very good calculator . Easy for my hands to work with and my eyes to see . Great item for seniors .
 Had the same calulator for years purchased from radio shack . They no longer carried this item . Allows one to constantly maintain up to date balances for three different accounts which makes for easy balancing of month end statements . Would purchase another when this one `` dies '' .
 this was a bit tricky at first however the directions are very clear and easy to understand and should you make a mistake in entering data you can easily reboot the system . I was looking for something to replace my computer program that was easy to understand and merely kept track of my checbook register this does that and I like it . The only drawback is I have not discovered a way to enter check numbers .
 I love this checkbook calculator . However , they do n't handle getting dropped very well . Mine fell out of my purse and landed on concrete and broke , so now I 'm trying to find a new one . I am totally lost without it . It is so easy to enter your charge into this and know your balance instantly . And with the review feature , you are able to actually balance your checkbook easily . No guessing `` Did I already enter this ?? `` Highly recommend to get your life organized . Now , I wish I could find another one . : -RRB-
 It was the best that I could find and believe me I looked . I had to keep sending them back because they were a piece of junk , but not this one . This Checkbook Calculator I have had for a very long time and it is still going and doing just fine . I am very happy with it .
 I use my checkbook calculator almost everyday . It help me keep track of my credit card purchases to ensure I do not go over my monthly limit . Like the fact that it keeps me on track .
 My previous checkbook calculator was in my possession for about 15 years - this one performs equally well . Its functions are a bit different , but familiarization will remedy that . I am very satisfied .
 Like the new calculator , feels sturdy and no problem with all the function keys.However the -LRB- for lack of a better word -RRB- adhesive holding the calculator to the wallet only lasted one day . Luckily I had some velcro squares and it is now fixed . They need to put a piece of velcro on the Calaculator and on the wallet to hold them securely together .
 I rely heavily on a checkbook calculator , and have owned several through the years . I was glad to find this one at a great price . My only complaint is the buttons do n't always register the amount , and I have to start again from the beginning . I wish Datexx would design a calculator with a floating decimal point . Had one of those years ago but have n't found one since . Would be so much easier !
 I gave this as a gift to a family member . They are totally enjoying it . I would buy another one .
 GREAT ... LARGE PRINT . . HAD ANOTHER ONE LIKE IT BUT THIS ONE IS THE BEST ... EASY TO OPERATE ... CLEAR BUTTONS TO SEE AND PUSH
 I had a National Semiconductor checkbook calculator that I used for about 30 years . I always thought it was the best one around until I got the Datexx DB-413 Checkbook Calculator . The Datexx is even easier to use as you only need to press one button to enter the amount of the check into the memory and you only need to press one button to see the balance amount . This is a great improvement over the other brand because the other unit required that you push two buttons to accomplish each function which was not as simple and more time consuming.As with all calculators it seems that you must push the buttons firmly and be careful to confirm that the numbers you entered are actually what is on the display . Otherwise , there may be incorrect or lost information displayed which could end up producing erroneous results in the end .
 I love this checkbook holder . The calculator keeps your checkbook balance and it 's so easy to use .
 This truly is a great checkbook calculator and keeps track of my savings account and credit card account too . Would be lost without it . Highly recommend .
 This checkbook calculator not only tracks your balance , but provides the date and time as well . Can follow three different accounts with this product . Did n't receive five stars because one time when I opened it I was greeted by a `` blackened screen '' . It still worked , but was difficult to view with the blackened background . Thought I was going to have to send it back , but the next time I used it it was fine .
 I had no idea that these things existed , but when he asked for one , I went searching . This checkbook calculator was EXACTLY what he was looking for - my old school boyfriend - checks fit inside , and calculator does the math ... . just like the registers !!!!
 This is the 3rd checkbook calculator I ordered . The first two were from another co. . The others worked for about 1 week . The Datexx DB-413 has been a real blessing . It never fails me and I can check my balance as I shop . It has kept me from overdrawing and saved my relationship with my kids who put money in the account ! I would highly recommend this calculator to everyone . Well worth the money !!!
 First , in fairness , I must tell you that I am 91 years old ... However , I have used a checkbook calculator for years - I havew no idea how many . The biggest problem with this one is that I have not been able to enter a permanent decimal point to separate dollars and cents . Every one of these checkbook calculators that I have had either does that automatically or there is a way to set it . I have not found instructions for that with this one . This one problem makes this calculator hard for me to use and as soon as I find a new battery I will go back to my old one . Sorry to be so negative , I am trying to learn to use this but not succeeding . Nell Fairbank
 Love this new gift ! The keys are large enough to read , read-out is clear . I would have given itanother star but it seems that you have to enter the decimal point manually . Maybe I 'm issing something ? Otherwise , love it .
 Having had this calculator for only a few days now , I have found it helpful and able to perform the tasks I expected it to do . The ability to `` REVIEW '' the last 20 checkbook entries is an essential feature which many checkbook calculators do not have , so the fact that this one DOES have the `` REVIEW '' feature makes it stand out above many others . -LRB- The `` REVIEW '' feature is useful so that the user can go back and verify whether a recent transaction was , or was not , accounted for . -RRB- However , there are two noted problems which some of the other reviewers have also reiterated with this product :1 . The contacts in a few of the keys are not sensitive enough and have to be hit more than once in order to register the entry .2 . The calculator is expected to attach to the cover/wallet by only a very thin adhesive strip , which does not hold it in place . Although the calculator itself is slim and compact , it is too heavy to be held in place by that one thin adhesive strip . I am going to have to devise some kind of reinforcement to attach the calculator to the checkbook cover so that it will hopefully stay in place.Otherwise -- so far , so good . I 'm glad I made this purchase .
 Item was as described . After getting it I read previous reviews , two problems noted in other reviews concerned Velcro holding calculator to cover and not able to total the balances . The calculator I got had two strips of Velcro which holds it securely . I found I could total checking and savings by bringing up a balance then hitting + then = bringing up the other balance hit + then hit = to get my total for the two . The one thing I had a problem with was that there was a piece of plastic inserted under the batteries that had to be removed before it would work . I had to remove the battery cover to get it completely removed . If the instructions tell you about this I did not notice it . As I have had it less than a week I ca n't comment on durability .
 The item has been great . this is the 2nd one I have purchased . They seem to last about 4 years for me
 I am very happy with my new checkbook calculator . I have used one for about 40 year and couldn ; t be without one . This is probably the best I have ever used .
 6 months into our -LRB- now 26 + year -RRB- marriage , I decided that for both of our sakes we had to have a checkbook calculator for each of our checking accounts -LRB- your 's , mine & ours -RRB- . My wife keeps the joint and her accounts and has been known to call up the bank over a discrepancy of a few pennies . Now the only errors are ledger entry mistakes but the math is sound . This is our 5th calculator and the 3rd Datexx DB-413 Checkbook Calculator . She literally wore out the last one and she liked its features so much we bought another one .
 It does what it is supposed to do it does ' t give you a grand total for the three records which my old discontinued Canon did . It works fine .
 As a student , pens are very important to me for notes , essays , etc. . Ever since I used Jetstream pens for the first time , I never stopped using them . They write very smoothly , and I 'm not exaggerating either . They `` glide '' over the paper when you are writing . In my opinion , Jetstream pens are the best pens for writing almost anything and I wo n't go back to using my old pens ever again . They are well worth their price .
 I had to take a big exam . 3 hours and 15 minutes of furious writing . In the course leading up to it I had to take copious notes and realized that the pen I used made a big difference to how tired my hand got . Slightly too much friction and my hand got tired quickly making me slow down . So I went hunting for a smooth pen and after asking for recommendations I narrowed my search down to 4 pens . This pen was by far the best . Smoothly glides over the paper and does n't skip , so you can afford to put VERY LITTLE pressure on it and you can write super fast ! Very impressed . Do n't take an exam with any other pen !
 The best mass-market pen available . It 's the only one I use . It writes as smooth as a roller-ball , yet dries as quickly as a ballpoint .
 These are the best pens I 've ever owned . I 'm left handed , with any other pen I 'd always be left with some ink on the side of my pinky but this ink dries almost instantly . I used to use a Zebra Telescoping pen that I could easily put in my pocket , but after awhile stops writing ; I never have that problems with these but they are a little harder to keep in your pocket .
 These pens are completely amazing . I 've never written with a better pen.One problem is that I wanted to find the same pen in a `` clickable '' version , so that I could click a button and have the pen head emerge . Well , the same company makes this pen in a clickable version , and I ordered a handful of them , but all of them are bad . It 's not the same pen , at least not the batch I got . Stick with this version of the pen , with the cap .
 Never thought I 'd write a review for a pen , but I just love this one . My work purchased some a few months ago , and now I am hooked . I even when out and bought some for my home use .
 The Jetstream pen is the best writing pen I have ever used . I bought my first set at a Safeway store . When I needed some more pens , I could n't find this one until I searched the Internet and found the pen on Amazon.com . When I ordered this set , I expected to receive four black writing pens , but instead I received 2 black , 1 red and 1 blue writing pen . I liked them all , so I kept them . The ink lasts a long time and it is easy to write with . I recommened this pen wholeheartedly . -- Sincerely , Rev. Daniel A. Ewing .
 I use these pens to write notes with for my classes and they write really smooth and they look really nice and sleek .
 I bought these pens once and now I always use them and everyone I have ever let use them always comments on how nicely they write because you barely have to press in order for it to write . They also dont leave that gel streak since they dry very quickly
 I 'm left handed and this pen is just great . Stole one from a co-worker and fell in love with it . I definitely recommed this pen.This will be my pen of choice when buying this pen again.My mom & niece also love this pen , W00t , 3 left handers in a row love this pen !!
 I 've been using Jetstream pens for around 6 years now . I 'm an industrial designer and do a lot of ballpoint/sharpie sketches . I 've noticed that recently , the pen quality seems to have been compromised somewhat . Back in the old days -RRB- , this pen would provide consistent jet black lines and was very easy to control line weight -LRB- for sketching and whatnot -RRB- . NOW , i notice the pen will cut out occasionally , and i have to go back and redraw little pieces that it missed , usually with some difficulty , as if the pen does n't want to lay ink on a particular part of the paper -LRB- and it is n't the paper , i 've tried many types of paper -RRB- . This can get pretty annoying . . It feels great , and i really like the line quality when it is working though . Another thing i 've noticed lately is they will `` run out '' of ink waaay before the life cycle is supposed to be over . IE , i 'll take the cartridge out of the pen , and it will still be 3/4 full , but i ca n't get it to draw anymore . I 'm really disappointed that the quality of these pens have degraded so much over the last few years , as this was hands down the only pen that i would ever buy for the last 5-6 years since i discovered them .
 Rights like on butter . You do n't have to apply ANY pressure when writting . Reminds me of a good quality ink pen without a mess that ink pens can cause sometimes . I 'm not sure how I acquired this pen but it has been my favourite since . I 'm glad to see that I can purchase another one .
 I just love these pens , I use them exclusively . I received them in a timely fashion . I would recommend them to anyone .
 Love these pens . The ink dries super fast , which is good for the hand-smudging writers like myself . I think these are 1.0 thickness , and I prefer a finer edge , like 0.7 or 0.5 .
 It 's a bold statement , to be sure , but I believe these are the best pens ever made -- at least the best disposables.They are essentially tamper-proof and smear proof , very well constructed , write perfectly , and comfortable in the hand . What else could you ask for ?
 I use these pens because the ink comes out solid and consistently . There have been very few occasions in which the pen has not worked , but otherwise they are much better than you average pen . They will write well from the start up until you run out of ink .
 I was a big fan of the Zebra F301 's for years as an engineer with a lot of writing and note-taking to do . these are lighter , grippier , better writing , and do n't accidently deploy leaving an ink stain in your shirt or pants pockets . i wish they still had the silver ends , but for the past year , they only seem to be packaged with black -LRB- at the non-cap end -RRB- . save your old silver plastic inserts to retrofit into your new purchases . and be careful , these are good enough that your coworkers will try to walk away with them . the red and green come in handy for hard-copy mark-ups , the blue is for signatures , and black is , well , for everything .
 i love pens alot an these are awesome ... i had a hard time finding them in my local stores ... but they are smooth an work great .
 Since I 'm one that loves constructive criticism , and starting a good ` ol fashioned debate with people on the same level as me , part of this review will be written as a response to another reviewer who , I fell , will not take any offense to me disagreeing with him/her :-RRB- . Firstly , I must say that I have been using these pens for the past three months . I bought one in a rush one morning before my college class along with another notebook so I could take notes for the day . From that moment on , I was hooked on Jetstream . I was so pleased with the pen that I even wrote with the pen just to write with the pen . That 's a huge deal , since like all college students , I 'm allergic to writing things by hand.With that out of the way , I will continue into the deconstruction of the other reviewers flaws and provide some experience of my own that may or may not be to the contrary . ----- 1 . Like most all of Uniball 's products , they are WAY over-priced , ranging from almost $ 5.00 for a 2-pack of jetstreams at wal-mart , to just over $ 8.00 for a 3-pack of jetstreams or $ 11.00 for a 5-pack at my local Staples . And the price would be ok if the pen 's materials were made of something justifying the price ... ----- While that may have been the case when you wrote this review , there is a 4 pack of jet-streams on this website going for 7.60 . While shipping is an amazing 7 dollars , you could very well buy a book on amazon and take advantage of the $ 25 purchase + free shipping . Also , you must keep in mind you are buying from a store and their prices will be profit-raised no matter what . ----- 2 . Besides being so overpriced , this pen sports a horrible excuse for a pocket clip . They obviously used some sort of tiny piece of aluminum or some other easily bendable metal and just pancaked it to it 's shape on the pen . If you pull on the clip , it will permanently bend out of shape , and if you press on the center of the clip , it permanently bows the clip in towards the pen barrel ... Why would anyone do this you ask ? Well as someone who works in a restaurant and often does n't sport a shirt with pockets , I have to clip my pen to my jean 's front pants pocket . And since the pocket clip of the pen is the only thing visible when the pen is clipped to my pocket , if I bump into something , the clip just bends and will then be permanently bent out of shape . And if your like me , trying to use a pen with a bent mangled clip will drive me nuts ! The clip has no resistance to bending or even being able to withhold it 's shape . It 's like a piece of tin foil . ----- It could be that I have a later variant of the Jetstream pen than you , or maybe I 'm just under-estimating how hard you exactly bump into things , but as far as the pocket clip is concerned it takes more pressure than I would put on anything in order to get any visible movement out of the pen clip . I am constantly walking around with the pen clipped in my jeans pocket though , and I can also say that it requires -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- just the right amount of force to get the clip open enough to let the pen gently slide onto my pants pocket . I will agree with you though , that a bent mangled clip drives me nuts ! ----- 3 . The pen writes pretty vibrant , but I 've found for those that use cursive writing , when your doing looping motions with the pen , the pen usually skips and does n't lay down ink at the bottom crest of your circular loops ... Do n't know why this is , but it prevents it from laying down a consistent `` even '' line . So points were duct for that . ----- I will be honest , as all reviewers must be , that my writing system of choice is not cursive , but after a couple test runs of strung out loops , I can confirm that there is an underlying issue with connected writing . But , I think that this lies in the roller and how it rotates because my issue is at the top of my loops , not at the bottom . The only thing I can point to is that there * may * be a dry spot on the roller ball or perhaps even unequal pressure in either of our handwriting that is causing the issue.Oh and one more thing of note , may not be an issue to many people , but as I said I always love constructive criticism , the cap on this pen is , in my opinion , just a little bit too tight for my liking , but everything else about the pen more than makes up for it . I recently let my boss use the pen and he brought one thing up that I had n't thought of myself , and that 's how the pen writes on carbon paper . I grabbed a 4 sheet banking deposit -LRB- White copy on the top with 3 carbons under it -RRB- . I judged the 1.0 mm version vs a Zebra medium size tip . I will say that the tip on the other pen looks more like a .7 or .8 tip , and that I wish I had my .7 iteration of the jetstream to eliminate variables , but I can say that the jetstream did perform better than the other pen with the same amount of force in the carbon . Going through to the fourth sheet the jetstream 's writing is more legible than the other pen 's . To be honest , if you 've read this much about this pen , do yourself a favor and just try one .
 Before the jetstream , I was a dedicated G2 user . However , the jetstream is the perfect hybrid between a gel pen and a ball point . The jetstream has the responsiveness and feel of a ball point , while providing effortless seemless and opaque black ink like a gel . I love it .
 I am a bit of a pen connoisseur and I admit to owning pens worth a couple of hundred dollars , yet I find myself reaching for this pen to the exclusion of the others.Why ? Three reasons :1 . Bold yet fine , controllable stroke . I can write legibly nearly as small as I want and the ink stands out from the paper . I believe even those with failing eyesight would find this pen helpful .2 . Smooth writing . This pen glides across any paper that I 've tried it on , even the more inhospitable . I mostly keyboard anymore so I feel it if I write for a long time but not with this pen . It is a pleasure to use .3 . It never skips . Most rollerballs have a nice bold line but they skip and smear . Ballpoint ink can skip and it does n't provide the clean line of a rollerball . This `` hybrid '' combines the strengths of both.Keep your expensive pens for show and flourish . Use this pen daily for practical , professional results . I hope eventually that uni-ball introduces a dressier version using this ink . If they do , I 'll never stray .
 Uni-Ball 's Jetstream is my favorite pen for journaling . It effortlessly glides and dark line with no skips . The ink dries INSTANTLY . Both the bold 1.0 and the regular 0.7 write wonderfully . The 0.7 point actually seems finer than what you might think . Go buy a pack ! You 'll love it !!
 I am a pen freak . I have thrown away more pens than most people have ever touched . I buy pens everywhere I go , always in search of the perfect pen . My search is over . I found this pen on the sidewalk on campus , saw that it was a uni , so thought I might as well check it out . OMG ! I was so stoked when I first put it to paper . I have since tried it everywhere I could think of and it has never failed to delight me . I think I am about to purge every other pen out of my house and buy a box of these beautiful works of art ! Hats off to uni !!
 Sanford/Uni-ball 's Jetstream series pens are THE BEST pens I have ever written with . EVER . I had been searching YEARS for the perfect pen -LRB- since high school -RRB- and even went to Japan to find one -LRB- well , I was there visiting friends but still , I spent many hours in Tokyo stores testing pens ! -RRB- . At first the Pilot Hi-Tec-C pens filled the void , but only because their points were smaller than .5 mm and I had never seen that in the States . I have small handwriting and like my pen-strokes neat and cute . Then a few months ago I came across a Jetstream pen and it was like wow , where have you been all my life . The ink is absolutely smooth and does n't smudge or soak into the fibers of the paper . In fact it almost seems to hug the paper . The Jetstream series is categorized as ballpoint but really it should be in the gel ink category . It is almost like gel ink version 2.0 . The Pilot G-2 pens are absolutely archaic next to Jetstream . Signo , Sanford 's other pen series , are good but not quite perfect . I have been using a Jetstream pen for four straight months now -LRB- I seriously do not even touch other pens -RRB- and will never go back to regular ballpoint or all those other supposedly smooth-writing gel pens . And forget about fine point fountain ink pens -- they are just ghastly to write with , especially if you 're like me and hate when ink shows up on the back side of the paper when you 're trying to write double-sided notes . The Jetstream pen solves all those annoying little problems.A professor once borrowed my Jetstream and forgot to return it , and I went to great lengths to get it back . This pen is that good .
 It sounds like a stupid thing to read customer reviews on ... after all , it 's not like you 're buying an HDTV or something fairly expensive . Nonetheless ... these things warrant the stellar praise they 've received here.The pens feel solid in your hand , they write smooth with a nice size stroke and without needing to press too hard . They just feel right.Highly recommended !
 I 'm always looking for quality pens and on a whim I purchased the Jetstream . It was an instant favorite . The ink runs smooth and does n't clump or break up like other pens . The 0.7 mm has a nice line , not too thick , not too thin . The color is also good - the black is black and the blue has a nice brightness to it so you can tell it 's blue . I just got some of the retractable ones for my birthday -LRB- that 's how much I love these pens ! -RRB- and so far they are as good as the original .
 I received these pens as a birthday gift this year . I was a bit apprehensive about using them since I love gel-ink . However , when I began writing with these pens , it seemed as the pens danced on paper as I wrote . I LOVE THE PENS !
 The bold-point Uni-Ball Jetstream pens are , to quote Tina , `` simply the best . '' As a teacher , I write a lot - in my journal , on kids ' papers , everywhere . And these have never let me down . I like black ink best overall , but even the blue stays vibrant until the pen runs out . A caveat , however
 My dollar store carries these jetstream uniballs in two-packs . I like the 1.0 line , which is a medium bic point . Works great ! The red color is especially nice ... it 's a slightly deeper red than I typically see in pens , like a papermate -LRB- yuck ! -RRB- . Recommended !
 I bought this pen recently . I am a very good collector of writing instruments . Uniball is always gives excellent value for money and this is no exception . I forgot to buy other than this and using this for last few months.Only issue with this is finding a refill for this.I am yet to find one in general stores .
 Well thought out design . I left the back panels off for easier access to my components . Great ventilation , easy to assemble , and holds up to my 2 and 3 year olds torture -LRB- for now -RRB- .
 Good quality . Handy in labeling computer cords -LRB- printer , monitor , side drives -RRB- . Recently when rehabbing our home , these worked well in tagging gas & water lines and shutoff valves . Could not find item in stores , only on Amazon .
 Tags were exactly as pictured and priced well . Staples did n't offer this size in store , but these were a better price anyway .
 I 'll start by saying I do n't use this pen for drafting . I love to write with this pen because the lines get really dark , are extremely consistent , and the feel of writing with it is very satisfying , like a sharp pencil or a fountain pen.These pens do require you to keep it at a roughly 80-90 degree angle to maintain ink flow , but I do n't mind that.I also do n't like to use the Koh-I-Noor Technical Pen Ink . It clogs the pen quickly and regularly . Black India Fountain Pen Ink almost never clogs it , and is still very dark and does n't soak through paper.With minor maintenance and the right ink , this pen will last you forever .
 Chem Undergrad is right on , I feel . I started writing every day with a Rapidiograph pen back in 1960 . Yes ! 1960 ! Back then , the pens were black plastic and looked more or less like ordinary fountain pens , albeit with very same point design . I suspect the points would interchange with those available today . I have gone through perhaps a dozen or more sizes and examples and still use Rapidiographs for most writing . I love them . Ca n't say about the ink question but think I may try the brand Chem Undergrad recommends ... Rabe Anton
 I needed to replace on old Fiskars trimmer and happened to find this one at a discount store . It is huge-20x15 and 3 inches thick , but not really heavy . It has a snow-shovel type handle that I have left off so far . I just put my hand on the top of the blade arm and press down . It cuts very easily . The blade is as sharp as scissors and it is screwed onto the arm , so maybe it can be replaced or sharpened . There is also a safety latch . It comes with a stop for repetitive cuts and an extension ruler for up to 18 '' paper . It has 5 common sizes marked vertically and horizontally . This is one of my favorite features . Unless you are using these marks , you will need to stand while cutting because this trimmer has a REALLY big guard . It seems like it would get in the way , but it does n't unless you are trying to cut something that is already very small . This trimmer does n't do well on cuts less than about 1/8 inch , or maybe I need more practice ! It will cut 10 sheets according to the box . I cut 3 pieces of heavy cardstock , a piece of velvet fabric , several photos , and a thin plastic baggie with no problems . I wish it were the 12x12 size , but this trimmer is really growing on me . There is no wondering if or where it will cut . I paid $ 30 for this trimmer and I have n't seen anything in that price range that I would trade for it .
 Great for the office and home use . Cuts with a fine edge , stores easily , great brand name quality at a fair price
 I am a fan of fountain pen and I find that this pen is a great value for my money .
 this pencil is perfect ... the end ... nothing more to say . Very comfortable . My original got destroyed so i had to buy this one online caus i could n't find it in any stores . If you 're odd enough to shop for pencils online , then u should buy this one
 I bought the Uniden DCT646-4 2.4 GHz Digital Expandable Cordless Phone System with 4 Handsets as an impulse item and really loved having all those handsets around everywhere . I was a little disappointed that the batteries were the soldered , heat shrinked package , rather than generic NiMH ones - but that 's a quibble . The phones performed about as well as my older , larger 2.4 Ghz Unidens which means :1 -RRB- Audio quality is moderately poor , with rolled off treble and a dark sonic character . This was most noticeable when I first started using Unidens -LRB- after my older Sony and Panasonic phones died -RRB- . After a while this did n't bother me any more . I used Unidens for years without noticing the sonics until I got Panasonics again and was struck by the better sonics . The screen and software are better on the Unidens , though .2 -RRB- The software is pretty good , once you learn that * toggles the area code and the `` 1 '' prefix on and off in caller-id . Each phone ends up with its own phonebook , but at least you can copy them around .3 -RRB- Ergonomics are a bit dicey . These phones are SMALL ! Looking at the tiny cell phone-like keypad I thought my big ham fingers would have trouble dialing . From time to time that 's true - but for the most part it did n't get in the way too much . I have trouble sometimes getting the earpiece on my ear . That 's a problem with most modern phones , though . These are n't much worse than the others . I guess the sleek styling trumps the ergonomic benefits of having a decent earpiece these days.Why am I writing about these phones in the past tense ? New fluorescent ballasts under the kitchen cabinets where the base station is , and a WiFi repeater combined to make 2.4 Ghz phones too noisy . I was able to use 5.8 Ghz phones instead . I have n't sold these . I figure I might use them elsewhere in the house somehow . For folks who can use 2.4 Ghz phones these ones are really just fine if you can live with the tiny size . Given their performance and the huge number you get for the price -LRB- 4 -RRB- they are a bargain .
 I just got this set and have been messing around with them for a couple of days , and have found them to be really nice for my purposes . So far , I have had a clear signal , and the sound quality of the handsets seems fine to me , and my callers have said it sound clearer on their end as well -LRB- maybe my old phones were that bad -RRB- . Yes , these phones are smaller , almost like cell phones of a couple of years ago . Their is a model above this set that has an answering machine with it -LRB- about $ 10 more -RRB- . I like this set also because each handset has built in speaker phone , you can answer two handsets at a time , and you can page/intercom the other phones . They also have a room monitor where you can call another handset and it will turn on like a baby monitor , so you can listen in/or yell at somebody . You 'll find it hard to beat the overall value of this set in both features and price , as well as the number of handsets . Available online at amazon , and at some of the big chain retail stores if you like to see things in person .
 I have this phone for a laboratory with multiple rooms and offices . It works great . Signal is good , phone size works well . Best part is conferencing or paging other rooms . Transferring calls is easy too . Very pleased .
 This ends the problems with having different complicated phones scattered about . This set is good looking , easy to use , and you only have to plug one into a phone jack . The others you can place where you want them without worrying about the phone line . So good I bought 2 sets ! Easy to handle and clear sound with all the features you need !
 works great , had these for my home , bought them as a gift for my mothers birthday
 Prior to buying this product , we were using 2 different wireless phone systems so we its a pain to transfer calls , maintain phone numbers , caller IDs , etc. . We needed to replace it with one phone system that can accommodate at least 4 handsets so 2 years ago we bought the Uniden DCT646-4 expandable wireless set . Here are my thoughts on this phone : * Setup was not quick as each handset needs to be configured but it was relatively smooth and straightforward . Once you know how to configure one handset , the rest are mechanical . * I have had handsets with better call quality but also had some that are worse , so this phone is probably average when it comes to call quality . Its clear enough for me and the person on the other line so it works . * Each handset can be identified by name so I thought that was a nice feature . If I needed somebody , I know which handset to call/page to get to the right person or room . * The voicemail button setup can be a bit cumbersome when you change providers and voice mail access numbers -LRB- like we did -RRB- as each handset needs to be configured . I do n't know how many people have different voice mails for the same line but this should have been one global -LRB- propagating to all handsets -RRB- setup or at least an option to have it configured as such . * The caller ID is useful to screen out callers but unfortunately there is no way to just ignore the call and stop the ringing for all handsets all at once . You can press `` End '' on one handset but only that one stops ringing . The rest will keep on ringing until the voicemail system takes over . This was especially irritating when our youngest was still a baby and we forgot to take the handset out of the room he 's sleeping in or when there are visitors in the house . There should be one button to just ignore the call and send it to the voicemail.All in all , there are things I would want improved on this system but for the price and features this Uniden system is a great value .
 I have had these phones for over four years and they are on their last leg . I 'm sure I may be able to hold on to them for a little longer if I buy new batteries . When I go to answer the phone when its not fully charged it displays `` please wait '' and it wo n't let me answer . Then I run all over the house to find another phone ! I 'm sure it 's a funny sight ! But , other then the fact that the life of this phone seems to only last 2-3 years all the futures are pretty awesome . You can pick songs for different numbers so you know who 's calling and the intercom system is really cool ... you do n't have to yell or run up and down stairs to talk to someone at the other end of the house . The sound quality I find good , it has speaker phone too and the person on the other end can hear you clearly . so , all in all I think this is a really good phone !!
 Great product.We are buying these for a second time.The first set we have had for well over 2 years.Very durable and the small size is convienent.I use one in the shop and it was dropped a bunch of times.The ringer speaker finally got to quiet to hear w / all the ambient noise .
 Purchased and delivered without incident and timing was very good . The item is described as Oak - the one I received was not . It was maple with a very nice finish - I like maple over oak anyway.Works well , is very comfortable with a good ergonomic angle to the foot . I would note there is nothing to prevent the footrest from folding back up with an errant kick - a keeper of some type would be an improvement.All in all , I consider this to be a good value and I am satisfied .
 I DO N'T KNOW WHAT HAPPENED MAYBE THE PRODUCT IS NO LONGER AVAILABLE , BUT THE PRODCUT CURRENTLY PICTURED IS NOT EVEN CLOSE TO THE ONE I PURCHASED . THE ONE I PURCHASED & REVIEWED BELOW WAS A LITTLE WOODEN BLOCK-LIKE DEVICE THAT WAS ABOUT THE SIZE OF MY FOOT AND WAS ADJUSTABLE TO THREE DIFFERENT HEIGHTS . I HAVE NOOOOOOOOOOO IDEA WHERE THIS NEW PIC CAME FROM BUT I CA N'T EVEN IMAGINE HOW THE DEVICE PICTURED WOULD WORK AS A FOOT REST WHILE PLAYING GUITAR . IT DEFINITELY DOES NOT LOOK LIKE ANYTHING I WOULD EVER PURCHASE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! -LRB- Original Review of Small Wooden Block-Like Device Below : -RRB- Just received this today and I 'm very impressed . I spend hours playing nearly every day and for some reason propping my leg on a chair or stool cross member became uncomfortable for me after a few hours . I had to put this foot rest to the test immediately . It is GREAT - it 's comfortable , adjustable to multiple heights -LRB- including one that is just right for me -RRB- , and sturdy ! I have NO IDEA what the metal scissor-style foot rests are actually like , but they reminded me too much of the many scissor-style foot operated air pumps I 've destroyed over the years as the metal flexes and the whole thing topples to the side . So I definitely wanted a wooden foot rest . As mentioned , this device is sturdy , but if it ever fails I actually think it would be easy to do self repairs using readily available hardware . I love it !!! -LRB- I almost forgot to mention the carrying bag that comes with this foot rest . It is also very nice - relatively heavy weight canvas & well constructed .
 This is great ! it 's so nice looking i can leave it out but it 's also so easy to flatten and put in the carry bag . I love it and take it everywhere ! it seems very sturdy too and has three height options . very cool !
 attractive and well made of hardwood , it feels sturdy and should last a lifetime if not abused . i am pleased with the product and recommend it .
 I purchased this product from Amazon.com to provide a working shelf for my Startech 25U 4POSTRACK25 . Rather thanuse a traditional all-in-one KVM shelf with keyboard , touchpad and monitor , I decided to build my own setup usingthis rackmount shelf and other parts . I 'm building PC 's instead of servers , which those other prebuilt KVM shelvesare oriented toward . Those cost about $ 500 for a basic model to well over $ 1000 depending on mfr . and features touse with servers.This allowed me to pick and choose every component , and change them as needed , at much lower cost . I can standard-ize on any keyboard , mouse and monitor I want , and switch any one at any time . I built around the TRENDnet TK-802RPS / 2 VGA KVM 8 port rackmount switch.This shelf from Startech is very nice , quite sturdy and well-made . To assemble it one should be mechanically adeptbecause the instructions are rather sparse , giving almost no direction . Even the pictures only help somewhat . Thefirst thing to do is attach the drawer slide rails to the sides of the draw , after separating the slides releasingthe black latch lever . The tapered end of the slide faces toward the rear of the drawer . Screw heads are insertedfrom the outside , and the washer , lockwasher , and retaining nut are then attached and secured from the inside ofthe draw.The stock picture on this product page is for mounting onto a 2 post rack . My pictures will make very clear what isthe correct order and position of each part to install in a 4 post rackmount like mine . The smaller brackets thenare attached to the outer rail . The holes only line up in one end to do this . The black drawer backstop inside theouter rail is towards the rear . Attach each outer side rail to the front using the screws into M5 cage nuts in theframe . Next attach the rear rackmount brackets at the same height in the rear of the unit , placing the outer slideinto this bracket . Once the rear bracket is secured , you can insert 2 screws through the bracket and outer rail tomate this outer slide assembly . In all cases the screw heads are mounted INSIDE the bracket and rail , reversed ofhow the drawer screws are mounted . The washers , lock washers , and nuts face outside the sides of the slides . Thisis done in both instances because there is a ball-bearing slide assembly inside the outer rail , for clearance ofthe draw to move inside the slide mounts.Last step is to attach the handle to the drawer front as pictured , then insert the drawer into the slides similiarto a desk or file cabinet drawer . The handle is easily reversed to hide-away and exposes a flush flat side . I stillhave some cable management to do . The drawer was placed under the KVM to keep it exposed , and allow clearance forthe mouse and keyboard wires , because the draw has no cable management . Some cable clamps after connection to theKVM will tidy all my AC , DC , printer , KVM , telco , USB and network cables once routed neatly in bundles.For less than $ 300 , I built a flexible standard PC KVM rackmount system for up to 8 computers , and cascadable if Iever need to expand by using this Startech rackmount shelf drawer .
 I just received this product . It works great , but I found from the manual that the phones use both 5.8 GHZ and 2.4 GHZ , one for sending from the base to the receivers and the other in the reverse direction . I did n't see it in the product introduction of the Amazon site .
 Having existed with a combination of old touch-tone instruments and one cordless phone in our four storey house , it was a revelation to begin using this 3 handset system . For one thing , it has an intercom function which makes it much easier to speak to someone on another floor without straining the vocal chords . Although we have a Nutone intercom system in the house , it is not easy to use , and hums a lot . It is also easy with this new system to use the speakerphone option -LRB- wonderful for holding on for airlines and the government ! -RRB- The caller ID function is useful for deciding whether or not to pick up , and the call waiting handy if you are expecting an important call but need to make some calls in the meantime . Finally , the handsets are very pleasing in design -LRB- unlike many peculiar-looking models -RRB- and quite compact , though substantial in feel . Highly recommended .
 I ordered this Motorola phone set to replace a failing V-tech unit after reading favorable reviews here on Amazon . Once I got the set and put it to use I found it convenient , feature-rich -LRB- the intercom feature is great -RRB- with excellent sound quality . I ordered from Tigerdirect and received the phones within 3 days of order thanks to the best shipping company in the business -LRB- Go Big Brown ! -RRB- . You ca n't miss with this phone .
 This phone has very clear reception even in the extra handsets which we have on the second floor of our house . It is very convenient that you only need one phone jack for the main phone and that the others just need to be plugged into an electrical outlet . We do find sometimes that when we are talking there tends to be somewhat of an echo of your own voice that you can hear while talking . The person you are talking to does n't hear it though . Overall a very good phone .
 Great phone system . No issues . Built in answering machine is nice feature you can listen to messages without everyone else listening in around you . Speakerphone works well both parties can hear each other very clearly . Would recommend to others .
 I really like this phone . It has its minor faults , as does any cordless phone , but this version and others of Motorola have held up . The handsets have been dropped in -LRB- a clean -RRB- toilet and left out and submerged overnight in a rainstorm , and still maintain useablilty -LRB- if that 's a word -RRB- .
 We have had this phone for a week . I love how little it weighs . It is so easy to hold . Everyone says it sounds great . I like that it does n't have an answering machine . I am also happy with the voicemail indicator . The only problem
 I got this phone to replace an old 2.4 GHz Motorola that would n't hold a charge after 2 years -LRB- and a brand new battery -RRB- . So far the new phones have been great . I have the best station on the 1st floor of the house and 2 of the handsets on the 2nd floor and the reception is crystal clear . The phones have a cool intercom feature letting you call one handset from another . The only downside I 've seen so far has been the size of the phone , which is rather small , making it uncomfortable for someone with big hands -LRB- like me -RRB- . It does have speakerphone on each handset though . The selection of ringers leaves something to be desired , all of them are rather annoying . In general though , this seems like a great phone so far , and a great value .
 We have n't but scratched the surface of what these phones can do . But , as phones , they rock.Even more importantly , they do n't destroy my wi-fi network -- which was my prime reason for goingto a 5.8 GHz system . The caller ID is nice . The Voice Mail LED lights when there 's a message , as noother phone we 've ever owned has done.Bottom line
 I have bought a lot of crodless phones over the years and they have all fallen short . This time I 'm thrilled to say the MD7151 5.8 GHZ Cordless phone exceeded my expectations . There is `` NO '' static on any of the phone lines and we have them placed all over the house on different floors -LRB- 2,800 SF House -RRB- . The size and looks of the phone are a nice perk .
 yes the ring tones could be better it feels great no static very clear reception no answering machine wich I like and the intercom becomes just such an awesome feature you did n't even realize you needed till you got it kinda of like the internet did n't know you needed it till you got it again great product 70x better than the uniden I got rid of
 This set is excellent ! It has the indicator light for those of us who have the answering service from the phone company , it also has an intercome so you can contact someone in another room with out yelling out to them . They 're small and sleek and only needs one phone jack to work , the other bases uses outlets . Very convenient .
 I bought this phone back in July , and bought an extra handset -LRB- 4 total -RRB- . I was replacing a vTech system that I loved - a 2.4 gHZ with 4 handsets . It has all the same great features - speakerphone on each handset , intercom which can be used like transfer because it will put a caller on hold while you call the phone of someone else in your house -LRB- to alert them the call is for them -RRB- . Two things would make this system perfect - 1 , a speaker phone on the base and 2 , a message signal on the handsets .
 Our previous 5.8 ghz phones from VTech had a problem with our house , although the house itself is n't large at all . The phones would buzz or not have a signal at all if in the garage , master bedroom , patio , etc.These from Motorola work very nicely . The clarity and cleaness of reception is n't like a land-line , but it 's close.It has the usual features you 'd expect
 Very easy to set up . Excellent sound quality both as a handset and speakerphone . The shared phonebook is very handy . It is very nice to need only one phone jack to install . The display lets you know if someone is using another handset so you do n't interrupt their call . So far an excellent phone .
 I have had these phones since February 2007 , they seem to be good phones , not a lot of static . If batteries are charged properly before any use , they hold a charge very well . I would recommend them .
 The phones work well and are easy to use . I like the small design , voicemail indicator and the speakerphone on each handset . I do n't find the ringtones to be as annoying as others . The only problem is that there is a slight echo when you first make or receive a call . It stops after a few seconds , but it is still a small nuisance .
 I 've used dozens of mouse pads over the years but none are better than these ! Once I found this brand and model , I 've never used anything else ! They are sized just right and have the perfect combination of firmness and softness , providing both comfort and healthy support for the wrist ! They have a rubber bottom that naturally grips the desk surface , preventing sliding . When the mouse pad gets dirty , it washes-up `` good as new '' in a sink with some dish soap and water ! The rubber bottom cleans up beautifully and reclaims its grip . I deploy these throughout my work center and wo n't consider changing !
 This gel pad provides comfort for your wrist and it stays in place . I love that it does n't slide around on my desk !
 This is the monochrome display expansion handset for the SD7561 or SD7581 phone system . I own the SD7581 and one of these additional handsets.I HIGHLY RECOMMEND this phone !!! It has EXCELLENT quality and ergonomics !!!
 We purchased two of these handsets along with the digital answering system to replace the mix of phones in the house . They are easy to set up right out of the box and work great . Amazon had a great price and promt delivery . We are really pleased with the complete system and Amazon .
 I 'm the original `` technicapped '' booby , but even I was able to set up this system . After it arrived -LRB- very promptly -RRB- it sat around for 8 days and my kids kept asking when I would set it up . I 'm the type that goes into a cold sweat whenever I have to deal with anything technical . I 've bought umpteen phones and have NEVER entered a number in memory or used any of the features . Well , finally I got out the instructions and read right through the book . My head was swimming . Finally , I unpacked the base unit -LRB- I bought the SD7581 with speakerphone and answerphone -RRB- and the four extra handsets and charged them for 16 hours , then started registering them to the base unit . Wow ! The instructions were bang on , and it all worked . With new confidence I gave each set a name , entered 5 or 6 numbers in the communal phone book , even entered the time on each set . Then I distributed them to our 5 chosen locations . This system is wonderful . The intercom use alone is worth the price ... no more shouting `` dinner 's ready '' . It 's so great to be able to put a handset anywhere you want , without having to have a phone jack . The sound quality is excellent , and if you walk away from the charger with a phone , the name on the viewing screen tells you where it belongs . We very soon realized we should have ordered more handsets , so I bought 4 more . I only wish I 'd bought this system years ago instead of struggling with phones in inconvenient locations which always had the handset missing . I 'm in telephone heaven ...
 Sound quality is top notch . Like pretty much everything about this phone except for one thing ; when the battery runs down there is no audible warning . It just simply shuts off ! There is a `` low battery '' warning message on the LCD , but your not going to see this when your talking on the phone . Duh ! I have used alot of cordless phones and have never had one that did not have this feature . Is this not a extremely obvious thing to include from a design standpoint ?
 Sound quality excellent , distance capabilities good , hand set speaker phone good , not excellent . Set up easy if you read the instructions . Registering each phone to the base unit became easy once I re-read the instructions and found the registration button on the base unit -LRB- and not in the menus -RRB- . Has adequate ring tones on board . These handsets are meant to be kept in the cradle . Otherwise , talk time before battery expiration can become short . Battery installation wire connector gets in the way of the cover . Compared to whats out there , you wont do better for the price.ADDENDUM
 - This is a great phone ... the second generation in a series of phones I have owned -LRB- Originally bought MD71 series -RRB- however this particular model is not without its faults .1 . You can not see a display of how much battery life is left all the time . The Battery life display only seems to appear when you hang it up for a short instance ... you can not see it while you are talking , while it is just lying around , or while it is sitting in the cradle charging . In other words you can not see if the battery has charge when you actually need it .2 . The display seems to be chopped short of what was intended when there is an incoming call . For example when the phone is ringing the number seems to be cut in half displaying only the bottom half . -LRB- Making it barley legible -RRB- - Besides these two issues the phone is clear as a bell and works well all over the house . I recommend the phone if you can get over the small display issues .
 easy setup , works fine . I like the ability to name each phone , so when they all end up in the same room , you know where they go . That really helps when you use the phone to phone paging system .
 Looks OK to me . Unfortunately I had to return the item to the seller . I have been looking for an expansion handset for my Motorola SD 4500 series cordless phone base . When I searched on Amazon , it indicated the SD7501 , so I ordered and found out after I received it that it was not compatible with the base I already had .
 I have this phone system and just purchased an additional handset and charging base . The fact that the system handles my land line calls as well as my cell phone is great . I have an Apple iPhone and the bluetooth connection is solid . Whenever a call comes in , I work at my desk with the Motorola handset 's speaker phone on , therefore freeing up my hands to work my computer keyboard . I have never lost a connection and the sound quality is great . This phone deserves five stars.I do not believe that many people know this capability exists . Perhaps Motorola could do more marketing to inform the public that there exists a phone capable of hanlding both landline and Cell calls.Great Product
 I 've had an older model for over 8yrs , which I thought went bad . So I bought these new models . Once I got them setup properly , I have n't had a problem since . The directions are a little sketchy setting up the main base & the ans . machine -LRB- TAKE NOTE
 I was very pleased with my first order from Amazon . I had trouble finding the the item -LRB- A Motorola Expansion Handset Phone to add an additional phone for my sun porch -RRB- in Retail stores including Best Buys where I purchased the original set . The delivery was sooner that I expected and the cost was lower than it would have been if I had been able to purchase it at a Retail store .
 Every feature behaves as expected , reception is great in both normal and speakerphone modes . The design allows to place the handset on a desk face-down and still communicate over the speakerphone without a problem . Whole family loves it , especially the intercom and the ability to read voice mail clearly from any of the hand-sets . The only drawback is overly bright light on the charging station at night . Motorola should dim that light according to the lighting conditions , or replace this stark blue with a red or amber LED .
 I 'm so technically challenged , and I had no trouble figuring out this system . I already had the base unit and had to search for these handsets to go with it . Altogether they were a bit pricey , but worth every penny ! Very easy to understand the directions , and lots of bells and whistles . Lots of cool ring tones and features that are not listed on the product description . I love the intercom features , they are great for when the kids are upstairs , I do n't have to yell for them to come down or go upstairs to talk to them . Very cool !
 I bought the SD7500 base station answering machine phone because it had bluetooth connectivity for integrating my cell phone -LRB- with the optional bluetooth module -RRB- . There were other products that offered this as well , but Motorola was the only one that operated at 5.8 gHz and looked good enough to have around.I liked this original purchase well enough to order some additional handsets : Pros and features
 This was the third phone I purchased as part of the SD7500 System . Amazon had an excellent price on the phone . Similar to the other two , including the base set , this system is excellent . The phones hold a charge for a long period and have numerous options to set your phones to do just about anything you want.The smallest problem I can complain about is installing the battery and trying to slide the cover back on without damaging the wire . The fit is extremely tight.Over all , Five Stars . Great Phone System and Additional Handsets .
 I 'm having problem with the range of the phone , the handset is easily out of range and do n't work a few feet from the house , that not happen with my last phone that was 2.4 Gh .
 After years of aggravating and dumb phones , finally a phone with a shared phonebook -LRB- albeit limited to 50 entries -RRB- , a better interface , choice of tunes , and an interesting set of add-ons -LRB- wish the camera was available when my kids were small -RRB- . Sound quality is excellent , everybody in my family thinks is clearer with our VOIP setup .
 While I like the Motorola Cordless Phone System alot , there are a few issues that kept it from being a 5 out of 5 . Pros
 Good value for the price . But it is difficult to read for me , a senior citizen . I would have liked the screen to be larger like my cell phone . Otherwise , the ringtone I use , `` Bach '' is nice and entertaining and fits into the background sound . Not jarring like the standard ringtone.Voice quality is ok . I like the blue charging light . You can set the ringtone to off for `` night '' , and then you can modify what hours `` night '' is . I like that feature .
 We needed a new phone as our cordless died after 8 years . We were also having a baby soon . Well let me tell you this is the phone for that situation ! You can use any handset in the system as a baby monitor by getting the optional wireless camera . With color screen handsets in this system -LRB- like this one that I am reviewing -RRB- , you get audio and video , real time . With the monochrome handsets -LRB- SD7501 ? -RRB- you get the audio only . These phones dont have superb sound quality but that may be because of the dense population right where I live . The quality is acceptable though and the other features more than make up for that .
 I purchased this expansion handset to us as an extra phone with the SD4580 . Wrong . I had to purchase the SD4502 as an extra phone . Just because it 's an SD does n't mean they will work together . The SD7502 is a color handset and the SD4502 is not . We like the phones alot and they work great .
 This is a great phone . The speaker works wonderfully and the headset is a must if you work on the computer while talking on the phone -LRB- I recommend the Plantronics Headset M175 for Mobile & Cordless Phones -RRB- . The phone also has a mute , hold , speed dial , redial , volume control , and caller-id . The layout of all the buttons and overall general user-interface is excellent as well . I did n't have to read the instructions to set it up and I have n't looked at them since.I do n't have multiple lines , so I have n't tested out that functionality , but this phone reminds me of being at work -- I sometimes catch myself trying to dial `` 9 '' before the phone number .
 This full duplex phone changed the way I am heard when I am having conversations with my soho client base . I can work on my computer while holding in-room conferences without missing a single word on both sides.Full Duplex is the only way to go and this Polycom phone is best I 've ever heard . Well worth the money I paid .
 Full duplex speakerphone sound has to be experienced to be believed . Headset lets you dig through files with both hands or keyboard without hindrance . Caller ID and call-waiting caller ID gives you a full time paid for receptionist . Call logs and auto dial from call logs makes it easy to get back , even to people who do n't leave voicemail messages -LRB- or forget to leave their phone numbers -RRB- . Second microphone on back of unit for conference calling is also impressive ... . mine worked fantastically right out of the box and has continued to do so for the past 18 months . Great company with great design - check their website for occasional product rebat offers . I got -LSB- some money -RSB- off on my phone .
 Recieved this phone last week . I bought the phone based on what a friend who is an expert on telecommunications told me . I needed a phone where the speakerphone sounded like I was talking on a handest . The audio is fantastic , but the pepole on the other end can still tell that I am on a speaker phone . So in that sense I am a little disappointed , but it is the best of the worst home office phone options . Other than that the setup is real easy , one other small drawback is when you put the names of people in your speed dial it only holds like 10 letters which is annoying . For a phone of this price I shoud be able to put a sentence in if I wish . Also if you are accessing voicemail you can only enter a few soft pause # 's before it runs out of room . If your reading this Polycom fix these things and you will have a much friendlier system .
 I have worked out of my home office for several years and have found the cordless phones quite inadequate . I frequently do 2HR + conference calls to the west coast , and have never felt comfortable using my speaker phone because it lacked professional sound quality . This is an excellent phone for your home office.Although the speakerphone is not the same quality as their triangualar one , I am now very comfortable now doing long calls on it . I think the incoming speaker quality sounds excellent , I had one caller that had trouble hearing me , but I turned off the rear microphone and it improved.The keyboard and handset are very comfortable . The menus are a bit too cumbersome to navigate and the phone lacks a voice mail light indicator . You have to pick up the handset and listen to the dial tone , instead of a quick glance , which is disappointing for a phone of this quality.Features that can be improved include the LCD back light should be added and you should be able to program in more letters to your speed dial . It is restricted to 8 letters , it is also quite an antiquated method of programming them in , it is much too time consuming.A positive feature for this phone is that it identifies the call length and it is very useful for managing your time in regards to your work day , and if you talk with attorneys you can easily track their billing . The 3 way conference feature works great and I am very pleased with how easily it is to set up conference calls on my own.I think this is an excellent phone for a home office and would recommend it . I hope they can make a few adjustments for the next version , but in general I am very happy with this phone for my home office and has improved the overall quality of my workday .
 This is , by far , the best conference phone I had . Crisp clear full duplex . The conference function works very well . You can count on 3 lines , thererefore you can make a 4-way call . Menu is a little bit old fashioned and could be easier . This model is no loger in production . I also bought a 2 line almost same tel , that comes with some nice features not available in this 3-line equipment . If you do not need a programable redial , and need 3 lines this the the model .
 getting harder to find and my machine is not that old . Good product and really like the dye sub printers .
 This ink is at a great price ... no need to look elsewhere and theres free shipping which is a plus : -RRB-
 Someone up north told me this pen was `` a poor man 's Mandarin Yellow duofold '' and I concur . The bold nib writes a nice line and the pen is easy to hold . The price is reasonable ; to my mind , it writes better than my ancient Mont Blanc.Could be a personal problem ... my ink dried up kinda fast.Still , I recommend this pen . It almost makes going to work fun .
 I bought this phone for my elderely parents . It seems to work fine but my father ca n't figure out how to use all the features because the instructions are definitly not user friendly . I do n't have the time to really play with it . But they both love the speaker feature as they are a little deaf !!! I would say it 's well worth the money and it does n't take up too much space and it 's attractive looking .
 This telephone-answering machine works flawlessly with my Sunrocket VOIP service.My wife is too technophobic to use the Sunrocket voice mail , so this solved the problem . I beleive that Sunrocket tech support is unaware that this phone is compatible with their service .
 I have owned this phone for roughly 18 months now . It has survived just fine , and for as often as we use the phone , its battery hasnt had any problems , only on over 1 hour conversations do i see problems , and if that . i 've heard the low battery beep 2 or 3 times . If it happens i use my corded phone.Otherwise the clock is a pain to set for the Answering machine . -LRB- it also forgets the time if you lose power for more than 5 mins -RRB- but it is nice to have multiple answering machines if you have room mates.The only main complaint i have is that its volume fluctuates and is sometimes impossible to hear people . I am starting to think this is unique to my phone however . just a manufacturers flaw.The other con is that the speaker/talk feature buttons are a little bass ackwards . as in , to talk to some one on speaker you hit speaker . and to talk to some one normally you hit talk.this doesnt sound bad but every other phone i have ever touched had you push speaker to turn it on , and push speaker to turn it off . instead this phone hangs up . but you get use to it after a while i guess.Not a bad phone , just mad at the volume problems .
 I am very pleased with this digital phone . The quality is excellent and there are many additional features . It is not difficult to use and suits my needs very well .
 I love this Pen . It third one I bought cause of losing first two . Fits very Good in the hand .
 I just ordered some of these clipboards for an art/design project . I was looking for a darker shade clipboard , so I thought this one would suit my purposes . When it was delivered , I discovered that the board is light tan , not brown , as pictured . I am not returning them , but figured I would let other buyers know .
 I needed a clip board for tax purposes . I did n't need fancy colors or materials.I did need a good solid clip . Of course , it must be well made.And , I did n't want to pay for something fancy , likehaving colorful plastic clipboards will make your life better ? This does the joband is recommended .
 I have absolutely no problem with this.After all , it IS just a clipboard.What could really go wrong here ?
 I purchased a bunch of these because they were a fraction of the cost of anything close at the big box stores . I am quite pleased and hope to be ordering more soon !
 I know these are used for packages but I have been using them of other reasons . Once I purchase a new product I out the reciept and manual if possible in the envelope and tape it to the back of the purchase . This has been great . Issue with your tv ? Pull the info out of the envelope . I own 10 different rental units so when it comes time to have something repaired we can verify purchase date and verify if the item is under warranty.Think out side of the box .
 Just what we needed for shipping boxed wholegoods units - rather than opening the factory sealed cartons , we slip our packing ticket/invoice in one of these and these pouches stay stuck on - we 've never heard of one coming off yet .
 These are beautiful pens . It is well balanced and writes smoothly . If all you have ever used are bics , you do n't know what a difference balance means . Love it . Also the colors are beautiful , looks expensive .
 This has been my favorite pen , ever . It 's good looking and it fits my hand perfectly . I 've gotten more comments , from perfect strangers on this pen than any other that I own .
 In the course of my work I do a lot of measuring , so I need a ruler that I can really trust . After trying several brands and styles , I settled on the Westcott model ACM05011 , a twelve-inch beveled wood ruler with a single metal strip . This handsome , well-made ruler amply meets all of my measurement needs and is a total joy to use.To start with , the Westcott is precisely calibrated-an obvious must for any measuring device . And it 's easy to use , since it is perfectly-balanced and fits any hand well . The ruler has a very classic look with large numerals and line markings , and it has a beautiful wood grain that gives it more personality than any plastic or metal instrument . And the multiple-coat clear lacquer finish will help protect your ruler for many years of dependable use.Even with these stunning looks and the 1/16th of an inch precision , the model ACM05011 is rugged and dependable . I have found mine to be built to last ; it has survived being dropped multiple times without any ill effect or needed adjustments . It 's no wonder that the brand has been around since 1872 ; Westcott makes a ruler that you can count on!This is a fantastic product and you wo n't find another instrument in its class with better value . They 're going to have to pry mine from my cold , dead hands -- I would n't use no other ruler !
 Ok , when I read the other review I did wonder just how much of a fuss one can make over a piece of wood with numbers on it . But he 's right . This simply is n't your average wooden ruler . It 's thick , heavy , balanced , easy to pick up , and easy to read . I plan to order other items by Westcott.On this ruler the zero and 12 '' marks are not at the very ends of the ruler . This helps with the accuracy of certain measurements . However , I like occasionally to be able to butt the end against a surface and take a measurement away from the surface . So on one ruler , I trimmed the zero end so that the zero mark is right at the end of the ruler . If you try this , do it very carefully to maintain accuracy.Anyway , great product - pleasant surprise .
 I bought this paper to go with a binder that my son needed for an English class . It was mandatory for him to have a binder and I needed to find some paper to fit in it that was going to last.This is a nice thicker feel paper . It is lined , college ruled paper and can be written on and erased over and over again without worrying about putting any holes in your projects through this paper . Much nicer than any I 've found at a `` staples store , drug store ... etc. `` Plus amazon makes it quite easy to find binders and fillers and everything else you need all right here and they ship them together so you get them quick as can be . You ca n't go wrong at this price.It 's a great deal . I 've bought several packages and will buy several more .
 They 're just scratch pads , after all , but these are exactly what 's needed and getting more difficult to find all the time . No clumsy spiral binding that leaves a tattered edge on your note or perforated edge that never tears off neatly . Each page tears cleanly away from the lightly-gummed edge of the notepad . And the paper is recycled -LRB- nice touch -RRB- yet ink pen does n't skip at all as with some recycled papers . All in all , these scratch pads are exactly what I want
 These pads are of good quality . They are reasonably priced . And I am glad to use recycled paper .
 Not much to comment on with this product . It was requested on a wish list so I purchased these as a stocking stuffer . Product and Delivery were as stated .
 These were great for the guest bags at a baby shower I hosted . Pair them with some gel pens and keepsake bookmarks , and you have easy give-always that are functional right away !
 Believe it or not , none of the office supply stores carry recycled scratch pads . My husband is such a creature of habit that he was about to go into withdrawals . These are very nice and most importantly , RECYCLED . A little larger than he was used to , but he can cope .
 I received my lap desk and was thrilled . The storage space inside is large and holds everything I needed with room to spare . I would definately reccomend this lap desk as it is more then I expected .
 Got the Old School Lap Desk for Christmas and have used it several times already.It is great for writing on and is good support for a Laptop . I highly recommend this to anyone who likes to work away from their home office .
 This is a beautiful , well-made lap desk . The wood is solid and of high quality . The inside has enough room for several pens in addition to books or writing paper . It is very comfortable to use . I looked at many lap desks while searching , and am delighted that I chose this one .
 This lap desk is brilliant . It is made to a high standard and looks decent enough to be presented as a gift . It is also comfortable to use , the finish is lovely , as is the interior design . I am glad that I purchased it , although I did so from B&N as it was only $ 40 -LRB- $ 10 less , plus $ 5 for shipping -RRB- . I expect it will last - great find .
 Very comfortable lap desk . The cushion is soft but offers a lot of support . There 's also a lot of storage space inside . Very sturdy , a little bit heavy , but this is n't terribly bothersome . Unlike some desks , there is enough surface area to rest your arms and use it as a writing surface . I also like to use it for my laptop computer when it gets too hot for my lap . Be careful how you store it , as the wood scratches easily . Overall , great desk !
 The lap desk is very nice . The quality is high in appearance and construction . The insides are nice and the `` pool table '' felt both looks good and feels good . The size is large enough to have a good work surface without being overlarge . Insides are large enough for the normal things that you would think of putting in there . It is perfect for use when writing or reading.I use mine as a computer laptop desk . For this it has a couple drawbacks . It is a little too thick . My laptop is too high to type comfortably on . I can do it . It is just not comfortable . Also , my laptop has lost the little rubber feet on the bottom . This make it slide easily on the desktop . My wife has a lap desk and it has a small rectangular piece of wood attached to it along one edge . I suspect it is for a pencil stop and I suspect I have the desk reversed . But it does work well for keeping the computer on the desk : -RRB- Anyway . I am happy with the purchase and have ordered new rubber feet for my laptop .
 I was a bit worried after I placed the order seeing that the last reviews before me were over a year old . However , I 'm happy to say that I received this item as described and am extremely pleased with it!The desk looks exactly as it does in the picture . It 's well-made inside and out . The storage area is divided into 2 areas -LRB- left and right -RRB- . The left storage area is good for pens , pencils , highlighters . . things of that sort . It 's big enough to store my Olympus DS-40 digital voice recorder . The right storage side allows for bigger items . I like to store my textbook that I 'm currently reading . You can probably store things that are smaller than a 1 '' regular binder -LRB- which my textbook is -RRB- . The Lap Desk is comfortable - the cushion is also well-made . They did n't skimp on the little tiny balls , which the cushion is made up of -LRB- I have no idea what they 're called -RRB- which is nice because my lap is never exposed to the hard surface.Overall , I recommend this product .
 I love it . Very pleased with this product . Quality materials and finish . Handy pencil holder indentation at top of desk along with reasonable room inside . Good size without being too large . Desk top is 171/2 '' wide and 14 '' top to bottom . The inner compartment is about 2 '' deep . The `` bean bag '' bottom keeps it in place .
 Its exactly what I was looking for.I do crosswords and watch sports on TV . This has worked very well since I got it . The desk sits well on my legs and the angled writing surface is big enough to rest my forearm while fuming over the crossword . I also write letters -LRB- who does that anymore ? -RRB- with fountain pens -LRB- old or what -RRB- and the surface is great to write on . I had to tighten the hinges when it first arrived but other then that it works great .
 This box was perfect for my needs . The wooden spacer did n't have to be used since there is plenty room for the too to open . I mounted it on a wall in some rental property , and the tenants like the security of being able to put their rent checks in a secure box , the perfect solution solution ...
 I thought this was a decent item for the price I paid . I am using it as a donation box . However I think it arrived broken -LRB- I dont think it was meant to be this way -RRB- . When I took it out of the box the top came right off . It was secured by wooden pegs and that was it . My husband had to put reinforcing screws to keep the top on . Otherwise it is a great product and is working great !
 Good value for the money . Nicer than Manila envelopes . I would recommend these for anyone whether for mailing or for storing papers .
 I needed a desk calendar to see weekly appointments at a glance -LRB- in addition to my PC calendar -RRB- and this calendar works perfectly . This was my second year to make this purchase and plan to purchase one for 2014 .
 This is a fantastic product . You can notate appointments , things to do , etc. and see the previous and upcoming months at a glance . A must have for those who prefer `` traditional '' calendars to the electronic versions .
 My wife and I bought several packets of these to send out on our wedding invitations a few years ago . We were very pleased with them!PROS - Easily integrate with Microsoft Word and OpenOffice - Easy to peel from the sheet - Ink dries quickly and does n't smudge - Stick nicely to most surfacesFor best results these should go only on white/beige paper , however I did use them successfully on some light colored document files . If your word processor does n't have the preset for the labels , Avery 's website has templates for all of their labels on their website !
 These worked out very well for our wedding invitations . We had white envelopes and used these for both the inner and outer envelopes . We used 14 point font and this type of font
 I really like these labels . I use them when crafting greeting cards . I can print an opening message on them , then decorate around them.Though they are clear , I will say they do not `` disappear '' on all types of paper . On colored paper , you can distinctly see the entire label there , but for me this does not detract from their usefulness .
 My handwriting is suffering due to an injury . When I need to send a snail mail note , I use a calligraphy typeface and type the note directly onto the label , and then stick it onto the card . Looks great .
 I got these through Warehouse Deals for a bargain . I do not frequently use large envelopes but I grew tired of having to make a special trip to the store when the occassion arose and I did not have one . If you are looking for good quality , large envelopes these are a good choice . Thick paper , they are n't the kind that will tear easily and will hold a good amount of paper without breaking .
 I read the reviews of these envelopes prior to purchasing them , and I was concerned they would be `` too cheap '' . These envelopes cost considerably less then the `` name brands '' so I gave it a shot to save some cash . I could n't be more pleased . Do n't get me wrong , they are significantly thinner , lighter , and the bubble wrap is less thick then the name brands such as Duck , or 3M . But they get the job done . The products I sell on Amazon fit nicely inside the envelope , and the glue makes a good seal . I 've used over 100 so far to send out my products , and have n't had an issue yet . I first purchased 100 , and now I 've purchased 250 more ... this is the envelope for my business !
 Purchased a box from `` 007 design inc '' on Amazon about a year ago.I sell small parts on eBay often , and these are just what I 'm looking for . Unit price of 12-13 cents ? Sure beats the 50-60 cents I used to pay at Target/Walmart . No complaints about the durability of the material . The envelope is adequate and the adhesive strip works .
 Pretty nice envelopes for mailing DVDs , Books , and cds . For 32.00 for this many envelopes it 's a very nice price .
 The adhesive is better than similar envelopes that cost almost a dollar each at brick and mortar stores.The padding is n't quite as good as others I have seen . It feels fairly thin and stiff , but it still works great for my purposes.I will buy these again .
 For about a few months now I have been using these Kraft bubble mailers to ship items I sell on eBay . I have been using the ones I bought from random stores around town which are usually 6 packs for around 3 or 4 dollars . I just bought the 250 pack of these mailers , which only cost me less than $ 35.00 with the shipping . This is a great value pack and the quality is even to or higher quality than the ones I bought from other stores .
 I use these envelopes for shipping CDs . I have every confidence they will arrive in good shape.Also , I found that if I tear two of them apart I can package multi-CD cases . I just retape them with strapping tape . It saves having extra boxes of stuff all around the place . Also in a pinch I can tear them apart and mail books . Interestingly , it makes a package that seems more secure than the single envelope for one CD .
 These are good envelopes for mailing CD 's . tiny books , and photos . They 're an essential office staple for those who mail often . Bubble envelopes are a time saver . Also they are good environmentally because they are sturdy enough to be reused a few times .
 These little babies are a great deal and do the trick just fine ! Best price ive found ! If you want a great mailer at a great price , these are it !
 When I ordered these . I wanted to ship CD and DVD 's in them . The first thing I did was to inseert a DVD in one . And it fit perfect . I had no problem pushing one in or pulling it out . These are just fine .
 These are not as heavy duty as the bubble mailers I 've purchased instore from Staples , but they seem to do the trick . I have n't had any complaints from my clients about DVD mailings I 've sent out with these guys yet.I 'd recommend them for things you already have some basic protection on -LRB- for me ; I use some slim memorex DVD cases to slide my DVD 's into before sending them out -RRB- .
 The following is the comment from our shipping department : Mailing envelopes by Kraft is a real pleasure to use.Bubble wrap lining is so good and our shipping team feels safe when they send certificates and other valuables merchandise in this envelop . Bubble wrap protects the certificates from getting wet and our customers have always expressed their happiness in the kind of packaging we do . # 0 6.5 '' x 10 KRAFT BUBBLE MAILERS PADDED ENVELOPES , 250 ct.The other thing , which I would like to compliment is the promptness of shipping by Value Mailers.Thanks , Johney
 I bought these for shipping a number of goods here on the Amazon Marketplace . Trading cards , small/pocket books , individual games -- these packing envelopes have a variety of uses . The price is also quite fair given you 're receiving 250 of these . Similar-sized packing envelopes are roughly $ 1.20 at USPS locations . For 250 of these , that would be $ 300 . I think this is a great deal and am very satisfied.Note
 The box came virtually overnight and was well filled with envelopes . They are very similar to all the other bubble envelopes that I have used . I find the quality and cost savings justify the purchase .
 I must tell you I was a bit concerned about the quality of these mailers prior to purchasing them . I use them to send CDs in . I must tell you that these are sturdy , well made and just -LRB- in general -RRB- a great product . You can pay more for others , but why would you want to unless you 're independently wealthy . CDs fit like a glove in them I even sent a few double CD boxed sets out and the had room to spare . You can even use these for DVDs . You ca n't beat the product , and you certainly ca n't beat the price . Take it from me , for the price it 's a pretty great deal .
 We use these all the time . Great for DVDs , Games -LRB- cart & disc -RRB- , CDs , and VHS . Enough room to package with out waste .
 I purchased 250 Ecolite Kraft Bubble Mailers from California Office Supply . The product is good quality and the shipping was fast . Highly recommend both the product and the supplier .
 Perfect for shipping cell phone accessories . Use these envelopes everyday and they are absolutely wonderful . I would recommend to purchase .
 Love this . Great value in bulk ! Have n't had any issue with envelope mailers sealing or staying shut.will absolutely purchase again !
 These smaller size mailing bags are a good value . Clean outside , free of `` brand information '' AKA free advertising for maker.Seal strip is nice and strongbubble layer is a bit smaller than Brand S , but adequate for most things that will fit in it .
 I have begun to go on Amazon.com any time I need to purchase anything and I needed to purchase a different size mailing envelope , so I found this amazing low cost product that filled my needs . Do n't hestitate to try -- I am very pleased with my purchase !
 These envelopes by Kraft have bubble wrap inside to make whatever you 're mailing get to its destination safely ! I use these to mail beauty products . They are self adhesive all you have to do is peel and stick make my live very easy . Gets the job done !!!
 We have been using these Bubble-Lite mailers purchased from ValueMailers on Amazon for some time now . They work just as well as the more expensive brands . They are an amazing value and help to keep our shipping costs low !
 These are high quality bubble mailers . The cost was minimal and the shipping was fast and free.What more can you ask ?
 I have a business where I mail my items all over the world , and ended up spending a lot on packaging by buying these same bubble envelopes from a well known superstore . And then ... I found these !!! I ca n't believe what a savings ! These are fantastic padded envelopes that really keep the products within cushioned to arrive safely . -LRB- I make handmade jewelry , so am often sending glass items , and have never had any arrive damaged . -RRB- I will definitely buy these bubble envelopes like this in bulk again .
 These bubble mailers are really good and it is really cheap too . This is the second time I am buying from them . -LRB- 250ct Box -RRB- I ship a lot of stuff using this . The padding & size is perfect for my use .
 Service was great , product arrived in a timely manner and in good condition . The only issue I have with this product is it 's on the small side for # 0 envelopes . My product is just a bit tighter in these than any of the previous # 0 envelopes I 've used . Not a deal breaker , but just something to note in future consideration .
 pro : cheapseems durablecon : very tight fit for standard size DVD & Bluray
 I have ordered from other sellers on Amazon and was not at all happy with the quality of the product . This seller is by far the best . They have a great quality product and ship very quickly . I will definitely be coming back for all of my orders . Thanks
 Great seller . Got my product fast and it was exactly what I ordered . Will shop with you again .
 My first review , but it might save another buyer from needing to go a return.IF you want the largest size 0 mailer -LRB- internal size -RRB- . Order from Royal Mailers.They ship quickly and the item is light but wide . I ordered from Group Deal and the size was the smallest internal size 0 I 've ever seen , much less tried to use.I wish each seller would list the specifics of their respective product .
 These sturdy mailing envelopes by Kraft have an excellent internal lining of bubble wrap to make whatever you 're mailing get to its destination safely ! I sometimes mail CDs or DVDs to friends and I would n't be able to do it without these excellent envelopes with their bubble wrap lining.Of course , the bubble wrap inside the envelope simultaneously serves as padding ; and the envelopes are padded somewhat more as well to make the insides safe for CD cases and the like . Just as they say , the bubble wrap lining runs all the way to the flap of the envelope . This is far superior to the regular envelope -LRB- or a thin cardboard envelope -RRB- which really offers little or no protection against the contents being broken should the envelope be accidentally dropped or just banged around in transit.The sealing to each envelope is easy -- just pull off the strip on the envelope 's edge and press down hard . If you have any remaining concerns about the envelope staying shut in transit just use some tape to reinforce the seal of the envelope.Moreover , these envelopes come cheap . As I write this they cost just about 12 cents an envelope -- who could ask for anything more in this department!One suggestion
 I read the reviews on here before I ordered , and some people loved them , and some complained , and some said you have to order from the correct seller . I got them from valuemailers , and they are unbelievable . I used to order the Scotch 3M # 0 bubble mailers , and it was always a struggle to get a black DVD case to fit into them . -LRB- Often I would pop bubbles or tear the paper on the way in . Frustrating . -RRB- But these are AMAZING . Big enough that the DVD case just slips right in , so easy . In fact , I 've just figured out that you can quite easily slip TWO DVD cases in one mailer . And the bubbles themselves are the same size and thickness as the Scotch 3M # 0 mailers . Finally - and this is the part that blew me away , I got a HUGE box of 100 of them for just $ 33 including shipping , whereas I pay about the same price for a tiny box of 25 of the Scotch 3M . Totally amazing . I will definitely be ordering these again , but not for a while , because it 'll take a while for me to use all 100 !!!
 As many merchants are selling different brands -LRB- and store brands -RRB- under this same item listing , it seems that there is a large variation in quality , internal size , and materials used among the delivered products . Reviews listing the vendor used have been the most helpful to me , so I will do the same in my review below.Size
 One thing that was frustrating when trying to decide which bubble mailers to order was that the reviews for a single item obviously referred to different products . Reviewers reported different sizes and contradictory characteristics.I ordered # 0 6.5 '' x 10 KRAFT BUBBLE MAILERS PADDED ENVELOPES , 250 ct.ASIN
 The envelope is a standard bubble pack lined kraft envelope . Construction is sturdy and uniform without being overly heavy -LRB- 15 grams -RRB- . No pre-printed address zones which is a plus for my application . Order arrived promptly and in good condition .
 This is the first time ordering these and they are great for mailing dvds -LRB- no more than one though -RRB- . I 'm about to order more right now .
 Cost is a little bit high , but works well :--RRB- They also look good . Might buy it again some day . : - -RRB-
 No complaints here - envelopes arrived fast & do what they are intended to do . I run a record label & ship CDs with these . The fit is tight , but a digipak CD fits with room for a little bit -LRB- not much -RRB- more . You could cram 2 digipaks in here , but I would n't recommend it . I would recommend that you tape the seal shut with heavy duty just in case on there . Would definitely buy these again .
 These are great mailers nice thick closing strip , dense foam , quality kraft paper and made in the USA . Bottom line make sure you get what you ordered . No luck with GE Distribution ship Chinese version that is junk . UPDATE ! Neither Royal mailers , UBoxes or Pack it Right are Eco > Lite all carry a knock off . However Value Mailers sells what is advertised !!! Awesome Deal and fast shipping !!
 These envelopes were inexpensive and has very nice quality . They are sturdy with plenty of padding . I have used these for different products from small metal ashtrays to small porcelain figurines -LRB- with extra bubble wrap then of course -RRB-
 Completely satisfied with the Ecolite mailers I ordered . The value for the excellent quality of the envelopes is outstanding.Will certainly re-order from same seller again.Thank you !
 Product is better than advertised . Packaged in a professional manner , and shipped promptly . I received the package way ahead of the deadline . This is a good vendor to deal with . I will not hesitate to re-order from them .
 I reinforce all sides with strong shipping tape . This is n't the best product , but it is very cheap , and can be strengthened by taping the sides .
 Sturdy mailing for sending hardcover books and other similar sized objects . The self sealing strip is quite good . Provides adequate protection although I would not send anything of significant value that I wanted to arrive in pristine shape in this type of mailer.Good for everyday use .
 These shipping envelopes are perfect . They are not thin and flimsy . Very good quality . I am very pleased with my purchase .
 The 2 separate strips of glue to seal it work good . Not like super sticky but as long as the item is n't hefty no need to tape as insurance .
 I was hesitant to buy these mailers because of all the mixed reviews , but I ended up buying them from Royalmailers and I have been very happy with them . For the price you pay , they are of great quality . I would recommend these to anyone who does a lot of mailing .
 I use about 200 of these a week . . I sell little Disney pins ... and I wrap them in tissue in addition to using the bubble mailer . . these are a perfect size and the quality is wonderful.certainly as good as any emergency mailer I have had to buy from either walmart or staples.I reorder these very often and only use value mailers.They ship super fast . . and as I am in Florida . . I get them in less than a week.i have used other sellers . . but . . if timeliness is important to you ... make sure that the seller you use is on the same coast as it has taken 3 weeks to get them from California sellers . .
 Kraft bubble mailer is excellent value and I use a lot of them for shipping jewelry items and have not had any problems with damage . Only problem is the glue strip does n't extend to the edge of the fold-over flap and I have to tape it to ensure security .
 You 'd be hard-pressed to find a better value for anything . These mailers are high quality at a ridiculously low price . My only complaint was it took over a week for the shipping , though they were nice when I contacted them about it . All told , I 'm happy with the product .
 I rated Amazon.com and ValueMailers with 5 stars because their product was exactly as advertised , and arrived on schedule . My past experience with office supplies ordered from Amazon.com has always been very satisfactory ; and I plan on continuing to order from both of these companies.Dottie Moore , OwnerKey Artist Management
 My order arrived on time and the envelopes were exactly what I wanted . I will buy from this company again through Amazon.com .
 We have used almost all of our first box of 250 of the # 000 size and decided that often we were having to pack things too tightly . So I decided to buy another 250 of the next size up . These bubble mailers are good quality . They are a little heavier than some of the other brands but probably because they are stronger . The weight difference I believe is that the outer paper is thicker than others . I am very happy with the product and the seller . At stores locally these would have cost me about 3 to 4 times more . I will continue to use this seller for my bubble mailer needs !!
 I was a little hesitant to purchase these mailers because the price seemed to good to be true compared with other ones I had researched . They really are a great value . We use these mailers to send out fragrance samples with a note . I have received positive feedback froom the person who uses them as well as our customers who get them . Am going to put in another order now if they are available at the same price .
 I would buy from you long before I would go to Staples or OfficeMax.Thank you for such a quick delivery .
 The tab for the months are protected with a coating so it 's easy to wipe off . It 's easy to use it 's a tab , bold lettering and fits easily into a looseleaf book .
 These dividers were just what I was looking for . They are very hard to find locally . The order was processed very fast and arrived in good order . I am pleased . Thank you
 My work used to furnish these pads , but discontinued them . I went to Amazon and found them right away at half the cost outside Amazon . I did n't pay extra for shipping , but they processed my order immediately and I got these within a couple of days vs the 5-10 days advertised . That 's what I call service , great price and fast shipping .
 Supporting my wrist when I 'm using a mouse is a must and this mouse pad does everything it needs to do
 How Marshall Chapman has escape major stardom is one of the music industries many mysteries . With a career as a singer and widely recorded songwriter going back more than 20 years , she should be placed with Bonnie Raitt and Lucinda Williams as a great female pop/folk/blues / rock individualists.Working with her fine band -LRB- The Love Slaves , their prior release live in a women 's prision `` It 's About Time '' is a sterling live set -RRB- she ranges from playful -LRB- `` Do n't Mind Me , '' `` Love Slave '' -RRB- `` sadder-but-wiser '' -LRB- `` Better To Let Her Go '' `` If I Ca n't Have You '' -RRB- to rageful -LRB- `` Gun 's Are Us '' -RRB- . Songs such as `` Leaving Lochapoka '' deserve to be considered with Lucinda Williams ' best , a best story etched with heartache and insight.If you do n't know Marshall but find anything intriguing in these comments - get the CD ! She is a wonderful artist and I do n't think you 'll regret it .
 It 's ashamed that the current revival in roots music has n't brought this fantastic artist 's music to light . She has labored in relative obscurity since the early 70 's , when she became a fixture on the Nashville scence as a French major at Vanderbuilt , the so-called `` Harvard of the South . '' She comes from wealthy and socially prominent family from Spartanburg County South Carolina . She 's worked with Conway Twitty , Emmylou , Billy Joe Shaver and John Hiatt . Chapman has had a long working association with Jimmy Buffet , as a sometime singer in the Coral Reefer Band and has co-writter of a handful of Buffet 's songs.Marshall 's smokey vocals and earthy song lyrics bear a resembalance to Lucinda Williams , but Marshall Chapman 's involvement in burgeoning Nashville outlaw music scene predates Lucinda 's emergence in Austin by at least five years . Marshall has recorded sporadically over the past 25 years and her seven year absence from recording since she recorded this excellent album , `` Love Slave '' , has been the longest period she 's been away from a studio in her career . She is sorely missed and I hope someone can coax her into a studio again because she deserves to be heard . Her 1978 album `` Jaded Virgin '' and her raucous live 1995 prison album , `` It 's About Time '' are the most sought after items in her catalog but `` Love Slave '' is a comparable album in quality .
 Her songs are still God given . Each one reaches out to me as if she knew what I needed to hear before I heard it . 30 years ago she was great and now she 's down home wonderful . God bless Marshall Chapman
 Find youself a copy here on Amazon , and buy it . This is the best record Marshall has made , and with her supporting cast of Grammy winners providing instrumental and vocal support , I have n't wanted to take it out of the CD changer in months .
 How do you review a pad of paper?If you work in a lab , you prob ` ly paid $ 12 for this , so you could call this a discount . 12 cents/sheet is more than I pay for dollar bills . ----- Pros
 I bought these to hold flash cards together for studying . They 're exactly what they 're supposed to be , great price and slightly better made than some I 've seen . These are the larger ones , so I intend to buy the smaller size as well . I think these 'll hold over 100 cards each . I 'm not sure what this product would need to be to earn 5 stars , so do n't think the 4 stars means I 'm disatisfied : -RRB-
 I make a lot of mini scrapbooks and although I have a Bind-It-All , for the fatter -LRB- well-embellished -RRB- books I need something bigger that wo n't bend under the pressure of many heavy pages . I was accustomed to buying book rings at scrapbook stores that have brushed copper or other finishes -LRB- such as the 7 gypsies rings -RRB- , but I was paying the same price for four rings that I did for this entire box . When I found this on Amazon , I felt like I 'd hit pay dirt!The cost of just one scrapbook can range from $ 20 to $ 75 depending on the materials you use , so I try to cut corners without cutting quality as much as I can . In this case , I 'm saving a lot and still getting great quality binder rings -LRB- although when I do a vintage mini book , I really load up the ribbons to tone down the shiny nickel finish -RRB- . This box arrived in perfect condition , unlike the box of 3 '' rings I purchased . They had been shipped in a padded envelope and the box was crushed flat . Very happy to find this economical option .
 I ordered these book rings online because I needed a funky way to bind my portfolios . I had found before a set of 9 rings at Staples for the same price , then I found these online
 A nice price for so many rings . The rings are nice quality and delivered promptly . Granted , some rings are a bit harder to open than others , but it 's not a problem at all . Just make sure you order the size that you need .
 If you are trying to learn something , it never hurts to have a set of flash cards in your purse , gym bag , or desk . Affixing flash cards to book rings enables them to be easily flipped and keeps them together . These rings are bigger than the pre-packaged index cards with rings that you might find at the store -LRB- Index Cards Ringdex , w/Removable , Poly Tab ,3 `` x5 '' , -LRB- MEA63072 -RRB- Category
 I love Acco Metal Book Rings ! This is probably a weird statement to make , but when you think outside of the box , they have many different uses : - Curtain rod hangers -LRB- recently tried this in a nursery and it adds a very modern touch to hanging curtains , plus they glide perfectly on the rod -RRB- - Study card holder -LRB- hole-punched the corner of index cards and had handy flashcards in minutes -RRB- - Picture holder -LRB- used this concept on a film set and had location shots , favorite camera angles , and crew contact information all together on one ring -RRB- - Book Rings -LRB- why not state the obvious , right ? -RRB- Unlike binders , these rings do not tend to lose their ability to snap together . In other words , they do n't bend out of shape easily .50 may seem like a lot , but you 'll find uses for them eventually .
 Perfect size for my flashcards , and for $ 13 a pack , you get a lot . They can also be recycled as they 're pretty durable . I also use them to hold my hair ties in the bathroom , so I guess you can get creative with them . Once in a while you get a ring that 's a bit stiff but I have n't found too many of them .
 This loose binder rings are perfect for what I needed them for . I was able to reuse my binders while keeping the old material in them organized . They also arrived in a very timely manner which I appreciated .
 I started school and bought flash cards . I could not find the rings anywhere . I found them here . I received them very quickly . There are a lot of them so I will be able to use them for my son 's flash cards too ... very happy with my purchase : - -RRB-
 The rings arrived in a cheap packaging , the box that it was in was stapled on the sides to keep it together . However , all 50 rings were present in the box . Although some of the rings were n't all identical , some of them barely lined up . Overall , the rings work fine and it keeps my notecards together .
 I bought these rings to make a busy bag activity called button snakes -LRB- cut felt into squares that you thread onto a piece of ribbon that has a button on the end -RRB- I sewed the other end of the ribbon to one of these rings so that I could hang it from something like the stroller or high chair in a restaurant . They work great ! I also have used them to hold together a scrapbook with a chipboard cover and also for a quiet book made of felt for my son . This was the best deal I found online and they were shipped very quickly . It is a large box but I know in the next year they will all be used up ! I would buy these again ! I think this is a great size , there are smaller ones as well but this is a great size for all the uses I have found . I would compare it in size to those plastic rings you can hang a shower curtain with .
 I use these as `` shower rings '' for a fabric shower curtain that hangs in front of some shelving . So much cheaper than actual shower rings . The only reason I did n't give them five stars is that it takes two hands to fasten them due to not being stiff enough to hold their shape with one hand ... . minor , just annoying when you have a bunch to do and are doing it from a step stool .
 I was so happy to receive the Book Rings . What I wanted them for is shower curtain hooks . My shower rod is too wide for ordinary shower curtain hooks that I could find . After racking my brain for weeks looking for wide ones and being disappointed , a light bulb went off and I ordered these . A pat on my back goes to me for finding a solution to my problem . I was so glad to get rid of the bread ties holding the curtain up . There are also many other things that I will use them for . The shipping was fast although there was a slight mishap with the transit . Looks like something fell into the package and ripped the seal . It was retaped and arrived intact with nothing broken .
 This was exactly what I was looking for and they have served a dual purpose . I am using them as index card holders for vocabulary words . I am also ustilizing them as poster hangers . I just simply hole punch the poster and hang them over a pip in my room . They work great !
 These rings are perfect so far - just used one of them to keep a stack of 200 index cards together to help me study for a nursing test . The quality of them seem great so I do n't see any issues with them in the future . Highly recommend .
 Work , fit my sons poster book together , they are a little bit biger than I was looking for , but fit the project great , almost all stayed shut perfectly , a few in the box would n't , but had plenty to pick through .
 Homemade more flexible binders is what my daughter wanted so i bought these . Over all they are great we both like them but we have run into a few that dont open so well but in my mind 4 out of 50 is not a bad thing . Price is great and the product is worth it .
 These are excellent quality , large binder clips that are easy to open and stay securely closed . I use binder clips to keep my notecards in order on the go and to make them more portable . My students love the idea and many do the same . These can easily be reused and open hassle free to add or reorganize your stack !
 where a little bigger than i needed , however it did say 2 in in the description . Still love and can use them
 Rings were exactly as described , we use them for holding index cards together for school . Great for flashcards on the go . They were perfectly !
 I actually bought these to finish off a window treatment . I installed grommets into the top of my drapery and use these rings to hook the curtain to the curtain rod . They show no signs of popping loose , even when the drapes get manhandled being opened or closed . As to their usefulness to bind paper , these rings will definitely hold up to 2/3rd of a ream of paper with one hole or more . A good , solid , tightly closing binding ring . And cheap too !
 Good value for 100 rings . These seem durable and close nicely . I use them for binding journals , et cetera . The 2 inch size is actually quite large , I am able to get 50 + pages in a mixed media journal .
 I bought these for work . They came in a HUGE box , but otherwise , no complaints . Great product and arrived a day early !
 These are hard to find in local office supply stores . They are perfect for any size transcript . Yay , Amazon and OfficeMate !
 Great item ! I use these in a laboratory for archiving studies and trials , and love them ! Would , and definitely will buy again , and again .
 I 'm glad to be able to buy this from amazon but sorry that staples or office depot do n't carry these anymore but insist on selling them in sets .
 I 'm in the process of buying another one for my mom . Favorite feature
 This item has met or exceeded my expectations . Having 4 around the house makes the intercom feature handy . There is plenty of time on the answering machine and the programming features for each phone provide added flexability .
 We ordered this as a basic conference phone for our small business , and it has more than served our needs . The sound quality is good on both ends and no one complains about hearing us , or us hearing them . In retrospect we might have ordered a unit with a headphone jack of some sort , due to some shared office/conference space , but that is not a problem with this unit , but our choice in purchase . Would recommend !
 We were having trouble with conference calling on our desk speaker phone . We bought this and all parties are clear and loud enough for everyone to hear . Love this product !
 This is a great device , it really has very good volume and can be heard easily in a computer room even above all the fans . Would definitely recommend to anyone interested in a solution for a teleconference phone .
 This is a very basic Speakerphone . It only has call and answer capability , plus a conference button . The sound quality is great . It also works well plugged into the same outlet as a multi-line office phone .
 The Soundstation2 is just what we were looking for - a good speakerphone for conferencing when one of our meeting attendees is out of the office . It 's easy to set up and intuitive to use .
 The sound is great for our 10 person conference table . Both ends of the conversation are very clear . Our phone people had to install an analog line for the phone to work with our digital system .
 Polycom Soundstation 2 has been in use for 2 weeks at a Non-profit that depends on Board participation during the summer when everyone is vacationing . The sound level has been great and those calling in are reporting that they can hear well . It also has been used to connect staff at different locations within the same community.We are finally in the 21st century!MJS
 We -LRB- City of Knoxville -RRB- have already purchased 4 of these over the last couple of years . They are very reliable , and easy to set-up and use . Would recommend to anyone looking for a good basic teleconference tool .
 Easy to set up . Very good sound quality and sensitivity . A fine value .
 Excellent sound . Easy to use . Only limitation is we can not use it with in-house phone system .
 The audibility is much better than our last RCA conference phone . This is especially true regarding background noise and people talking at once . For the price , we are quite happy with this product .
 Polycom makes the best conference phones and every one of these guys I 've worked with has been just phenomenal.all the cables for this thing are easily replaced or fixed . it sounds fantastic.And people can hear everyone in the room.Simply the greatest . now only time will tell how long this phone lasts.My only wish is that I 'd like to be able to hook it into a headset port on an IP or digital phone base . Being able to dial out would be even better.got an analog line ? well then what are you waiting for ?!
 I like this wedge , it 's very versatile . My first one broke after about 6 months , but I like it enough that I 'm ordering another one . I like how it hooks over a door hinge to stop the door , or if used on the floor has nice , gripy rubber strips . It stores neatly hooked over a coat rack near the door .
 I love this product ! I am disabled and live in a wheelchair , and it 's almost impossible for me to put a doorstop on the floor -LRB- without falling out of my chair -RRB- . Ca n't reach the top of the door to slide the metal thingy that holds the door open , so this is a perfect fix for me . It goes right over the middle hinge of the door and holds it open at a 90 degree angle for me to go through doors without them closing on me . Allows me easy access to my washroom and now I can wash my own clothes . I ca n't believe this simple little gadget has given me a whole new level of freedom ! I plan to buy more for my front and back doors . What a great idea !
 These door stops are the best ! They can be used several ways and are very sturdy . I originally purchased some from the manufacturer a few years ago because , as a disabled person , using a traditional door stop can be difficult while these can be put on a door hinge . I recommend them to everyone .
 Better than advertised . Purchased these for use by cleaning crew.Crew no longer wastes time figuring out ways to hold open heavywooden restroom doors .
 Eliminates the need to have a wedde on the floor , and as our door has more clearance under it , it was hard to find a standard doorstop tall enough to reach the bottom of the door.Terrific gadget
 I work in public safety , and these are absolutely essential for holding doors open . They work exactly as described , and I carry two or three in my kit nearly everywhere I go . I even gave my wife one to keep in her purse , in case she has to evacuate her office building and is n't sure a fire escape stairwell is safe . She can block the door open until she finds safe passage . If left there , we 're only out a few bucks.I find myself using the feature where you just drop it over the hinge . No reaching or stooping , easy to claim , and works perfectly .
 It may not be the most durable given its plastic construction . But it definitely does its job . Great product ! I 'd definitely reccomend it .
 this thing rocks !!! I use it on my heavy business door that nothing else seems to hold when the wind starts blowing and it does great . Highly recommend !
 I was a little leary to buy this over the internet , but it did save me a little money , and so far seems to be working out well .
 Anti-pushback point provides dependable writing . Press down as hard as you like -- the point will remain extended , allowing you to write without stopping to make adjustments . Cap denotes ink color . Clear barrel lets you monitor ink supply .
 I use it on my porch , very handy . Neat looking and it does the job . I left a star off because i thought the ashtray part was a flat bottom , instead its sorta coned so it does n't lie flat when u remove it to set it on a table . I would have ordered a 2nd one if it was flat . Love the fact i have somewhere to dump the butts when it gets full .
 Now , this is a plug and play phone . There is software that comes with the phone , but if you run a Linux machine , as I do , there is no need for the software . Just plug the phone in , adjust the Skype software to recognize the new sound receiving device , and presto ! A free , Internet phone , perfect reception , perfectly heard on the other end . Great phone .
 I wanted some labels to stick on direct mailers and hand-outs that would make the information on them stand out . These fill the bill perfectly . Because they are Avery , they can be used with the downloadable template from Avery so I can design labels just as I want them and print out only as many as I need . While Avery products are usually a little more money than the generic or store brand , they are worth the money because they present a quality image for what you are marketing , they stick when you want , do n't peel or slide while being printed , and have a nice `` hand '' for working with .
 Just what I was looking for , for this particular job . The color stood out more than plain white would . Only could find online .
 Purfect for my needs , high visibility , low cost per label and great size . Will definatly buy more . Wish they had more colors .
 I like the fact the labels are bright and when typed upon the letters stand out . They are the just the right size for file folder labels .
 these lables are just what i was looking for to make lables for my 24 hour bait machine . they can be seen at least 25 feet away . thanks
 Arrived in a short time . Look just as they should - clean and intact.Price was compettive . Exactly as I expected .
 We used these labels to mark moving boxes . Printed out great on the laser and attached great to the boxes .
 This is exactly what I needed , good price and it arrived on time.Thanks .
 We bought several of these for the guys at work to hold their permits in . They are very good quality for the price , and easy to embroider .
 Hi there ; I had to shop hard to find this . We are limited to just the remnants of previous production , so if you want one you best get what you can.Too bad really , it does everything I need in detailing drawings and the handhelds are worthless to me because I run oodles of numbers when figuring out projects . These printed calcs are great , I write notes on them and refer to them in subsequent operations ... really great for a small outfit like mine as I do not run autocad or have a staff of estimators to do it for me.Straightforward calculator with all the functions I need and I took my old 10 key off the desk because this does its ' job too . Standard paper rolls.I ca n't believe they quit making these , a shame .
 Purchased because I was tired of fishing through my desk drawer looking for the paperclip box . This magnetic holder does a good job . I use it to hold a mix of paperclips and it gives me easy access to the different sizes as I need them .
 So , is this really `` leather like vinyl , '' or is it more like `` leather-like vinyl ? '' That crucial hyphen means a lot ; I 'd have to go with the latter.But really , what this thing is made out of does n't really matter . You might have a choice of color between a loud blue and a basic black -LRB- not with this product , but with others -RRB- , but in the end it 's really a wash.I got this product -- three of them , actually -- when the low-budge see-through pleated plastic folders I got at Office Depot split and disintegrated after about four days of use . I 'm not holding buckshot or ninja stars in these envelopes , just stickers , patches and cash . So , the fact that these pouches -LRB- envelopes ? -RRB- are holding up after three weeks is a major plus.The construction is two-piece . The wallet itself is a single piece of vinyl , folder over on the bottom edge with the sides sewn up , and a simple plastic zipper . There is no lock on the pouch , nor is there the ability to add one.I find the size of these pouches to be just right for holding my organization 's stickers and patches , and the pouches expand rather nicely , so that I do n't have to force the zipper.Bottom line
 This item was exactly what i expected . Well made and looks just like the picture . Perfect for keeping money , deposit slips , calculator , and anything else needed for working with money or accounts .
 THIS WAS BOUGHT FOR THE PURPOSE OF HOLDING MONEY OR OTHER ITEMS SAFELY AND PROTECTIVELY . IT WORKS FINE FOR MY NEEDS . IT CAME IN QUICKLY AND WAS EXACTLY AS DESCRIBED . MMF INDUSTRIES DID A GOOD JOB OF SHIPPING IT AHEAD OF SCHEDULE . THEY HAVE MANY OTHER SIMILAR PRODUCTS AND AM SURE I WILL ORDER OTHERS AS NEEDED .
 This bag is exactly as described , and it has many uses . I use this particular bag to hold my auto insurance card , auto registration , and tire pressure gauge and I keep it in the glove compartment .
 They 're nice and earth friendly . But they are thin . Much thinner than your standard file folder .
 It was a darker red rather than the brighter red shown in the photo , but it serves the filing purpose and it felt great to reorganize my files . I 've used a variety of file folders and these are good quality , Pendaflex are great .
 This item arrived quickly . It arrived in excellent condition . It worked exactly like it was supposed to . The item met a special need very well . Thank you Amazon for having it .
 These file folders are sturdy and functional . I will buy them again when I need more . I bought them because using recycled materials is important to me , as well as saving trees ! I also bought hanging folders made from recycled material .
 Arrives in pieces as you would expect . The screws are placed into plastic anchors to hold the tubes together.The issue would n't have been too difficult if some genius thought of using allen wrench screws rather than phillips . My wrist was sore for a while after words making sure the screw driver did n't constantly slip out . Once finished , its rather nice .
 This 3-level steel desk tray is PERFECT for stacking up and organizing standard 8 inch square computer equipment . I used it to stack and organize my Mac Mini , Chromebox and Airport Extreme base station and now my desk is much neater -LRB- see photo -RRB- . If you are looking for a way to untangle the cables and bring order to chaos , this 3-tray unit is the ticket . It is sturdy , easy to assemble and PERFECT for stacking up computer modules which measure roughly 8 inches square by up to 2 inches thick . Try to find a component rack for less than 10 times the price of this bargain !
 The item came and the holes were difficult to screw in . I ultimately got the screws in good enough to put it together . When notified , the company helped me resolve the issue very quickly . I do like how it looks a lot and I like that the files slide .
 This is the perfect solution to keep track of receipts , bills , personal paperwork at home , and other `` things-to-do '' that accumulate throughout the work-week . It 's also very sturdy , and the trays also slide in and out . Like the other reviews have noted , you 'll have to assemble this yourself . However , it 's a fairly intuitive process , and took me less than five minutes to put everything together . I actually did n't read all the reviews prior to purchasing , but I just glimpsed at some of the newer reviews to get a starting point for my own review -- I 'm surprised that so many people have complained about the assembly . It 's pretty straightforward and simple , and if you start from the bottom-up , you should be fine . My only issue with this tray is that it 's a little clunky , but still , it 's not that bad-looking either :] .
 THE PRODUCT IS SUBSTANTIALLY MADE AND PROVIDES EASILY SLIDE OUT TRAYS . VERY COMPACT . AFFORDS AN ABUNDANT SPACE FOR IMMEDIATE ACCESS TO DOCUMENTS ONE IS WORKING .
 This product is so inexpensive that I was worried that it would seem terribly cheap and flimsy . However , it 's pretty nicely designed . The drawers slide out for easy access , the stand is reasonably sturdy , you can pile it high -LRB- I have ! -RRB- without tipping it over and the feet do n't scratch my desk . You do have to put it together without directions -- but it was n't hard to figure out . Also , mine arrived within just a few days of ordering .
 So you 're thinking this is just another desktop tray , right ? Well , that 's what I initially thought.I moved from up north to Florida and left mine behind figuring I would find another quickly . This did not happen . The normal `` chain '' office supply stores did n't have anything like this . Moreover , I did not like what these stores offered in this product line.There are three trays that slide in and out . The trays are far enough away from each other to easily see what 's in each tray at a glance . The handle on top makes the entire thing portable from one desk to another.If you tend to let your paperwork build up and procrastinate in dealing with it , this is the desk accessory for you .
 i loved the three tier desk rack , it was a perfect match for my other mesh accessories . could easily reach for whatever it is that I need simply by placing it to my right or my left and that has made and saved time when I am doing what I am doing and I can place my papers in one tray and find what i am looking for in the other because I have placed it their previously for that purpose . I also make for keeping a nest desk thank you .
 This product was the correct dimensions and sturdy . The sliding trays made for easy access . I use one side of it as a bookend and it supports eight one inch binders . The bonus was that it was quick and easy to assemble . Overall , I 'm very pleased with this purchase .
 As one of the other reviewers stated , this object is bigger than the dimensions provided . However , as a desk tray , it is a fantastic product . Easy to assemble , the drawers slide smoothly , and it holds papers well .
 Does what it is required to do and is moderately attractive . The only draw back is that you can push or pull draws out too far , there are no stops . In spite of this , however , I have ordered a second one .
 Yes , its true . Works well and easy to put together . What more to say . Looks better than price suggests ? yes .
 Space Age Cadets - this 3-tier Steel Mesh in Black ; almost makes you feel like you 're on the USS Enterprise 1701 in the 25th Century ! Easy to assemble ; yet solid as a rock , whatever floats your boat - in / out / hold - it 's trendy , stylish , all the white yet at the same given time reduces the space clutter on your computer desk to executive desk.The biggest bonus?Sparco Went Bananas ! They 've eliminated these papers to envelopes from flying every which way but ... . with it 's sleek sculpture/artwork design within itself with its convex and concave structure which prevents as well as eliminates this notorious issue . The only DOWNSIDE is - they are non-stacking if you have the need for more trays ; I think Sparco has a 6 tier one , I am not positive.Its AWESOMENESS is the fact it 's artistic , futuristic , decor , effectual as well as less clutter as it is also compact yet it can handle from postcards to legal size ... all this means . . less clutter on your desk , more organized and simplicity ; and becoming more effective - whether you are at Home , Home Office , or Commercial - HANDY!PS
 Excellent value money . Good quality and looks nice . It is also sturdy and has pull out selves . Would recommend w/o hesitation .
 I got it very soon , but What I got was not what I think , there was no introduction about how to make it in the box and I asked many people , they all can not do it without the introduction . .
 I was hesitate to get this product because you had to assemble it . And that was a pain . I had to push really hard and it took me an hour to put it together . I also needed to use a good screwdriver . Once it was assembled , it is as pictured and really great . I like that you can slide baskets out and there is a lot of space in each basket . I am a school teacher and use it for my class preps . I would buy it again but ask a student or someone else to put it together .
 I love this tray . I was looking at it this afternoon with all my stock card paper in it . By being able to pull the trays out I could find the paper much quicker than in the stationery trays . Yes , Yes Yes ! I give this the highest rating it can get .
 LOVE MY TRAYS , BOUGHT TWO OF THEM . TO MY SURPRISE THEY SLIDE IN AND OUT . EXCELLENT QUALITY AND GOOD PRICE . I AM USING THEM AT WORK , EVERY ONE ASK ME WHERE I GOT THEM.CARIDADHIALEAH , FL 33010
 For $ 11 I was n't expecting much , and I read a number of reviews here that said it was SO cheap and flimsy that is was practically unusable . Well I got mine yesterday and put it together , and for the price I paid I am very satisfied . Everyone that says it sits lopsided just needs to balance it out . Mine only rested on 3 of 4 legs at first , then I loosened the screws and pressed it down 'til they all sat flat and then tightened them back down . For what it is and the price paid I would definitely recommend .
 I needed a desk tray to use -LRB- in home -RRB- for medical and insurance documents that would be easily accessible . This is perfect ! Even though I read many of the negative reviews , I decided to make the purchase despite what I read . I am glad I did . I guess it 's possible that the one I received is a revised unit , as I do n't find it flimsy or wobbly at all . While I would n't put a watermelon on the top tray or anything very heavy , it is sturdy enough to hold a textbook and folders with ease . I think it looks nice too ; I set it on top of my expresso-colored dresser and it does n't look bad !
 I have a variety of things going on in my office all at the same time with lots of paperwork that needs to be kept handy and organized so I can keep up with things . These 3-tier desk trays meet that need . The price seemed very reasonable and I liked the flat black airy design . The sturdy stand went together easily with simple tools I had on hand in the office . The trays , deep enough to hold several files or a pile of mail , also slide out to travel to the file cabinet or other work stations .
 This is an awesome desk item to have !! It holds lots of stuff , its slides easily , and is extremely handy !! Easy to put together !
 These are well made , easy to put together and very modern looking . I have 3 on a black wire shelf unit for printer paper and folders that I am working on . Looks great . Would recommend over the single paper trays .
 Not super sturdy , but a very good product , especially for the price . Looks great but it becomes a little unsturdy and you may have to tighten the screws . Excellent for the price .
 This set of trays was much nicer than I thought it would be . It is well made , looks really nice and the fact that the trays slide is an extra .
 The big , Blue and Yellow , Swedish place sells these for nine greens - I do n't see them on their website , but they have them in their stores , called ` Dokument Letter Tray ' .
 Very nice tray , arrived quickly in a small flat box . Assembly was a snap ! It 's very light and I like the removable/sliding trays . I can remove a tray and set it on my desk to go through the stack , then slide it back back into the rack . The price was better than anything I could find in town plus with Free Super Saver Shipping I got a DEAL and I 'm getting my desk organised !
 Though I 've never owned a tray that sorted anything before , I can say with confidence that this was worth the price . It 's better than plastic trays that shatter with too much pressure , quite light for a steel item , and stylish for people who are picky about things . The only qualm I have about the product is the lack of craftsmanship . The screws come loose every so often . Overall , it 's a solid product .
 This product serves its purpose and you get exactly what is shown in the picture . The trays slide out and it has a sturdy structure . Assembly is pretty straight forward and can be done within 10 minutes .
 As stated in other reviews , once I assembled this it was unbalanced . Easy to assemble . This is against a wall , so the balance issue does n't really bother me . I do like that the shelves slide out so it is easier to find papers in the second and third shelves .
 I hesitate to nerd out so hard on an office accessory , but this is what I 've been searching for for years . I am a writer , and produce reams of paper , which I tend to spit out in a frenzy and can never get myself to file in a timely manner . They just pile up around me , and it 's murder to find them again.The thing is , they do tend to cluster conveniently into under a dozen categories for any given month or season
 I use three types of paper in my home office -LRB- JB5 , letter , and legal -RRB- . Each of the bottom two shelves are * perfectly * sized to hold 1 ream of letter sized paper . The top shelf could hold about twice that of letter sized paper , but that might be a little heavy for the unit . I put my legal sized paper on the bottom tray and let it hang over a bit.Each try slides smoothly even when fully loaded , allowing me to quickly refill or swap out printer paper.The 4 contacts with the desk were level and easy to install right out of the box.Bottom line
 The quality is very good compared to its price . At first , I was somehow worried readying some negative comments , but I think the seller has tried to improve the quality since the recent reviews all show that the costumers are satisfied with it . I do really recommend it .
 After reading most of the reviews for this item , I ordered it knowing that it may not be as good as I would like . I was plesently surprised at the quality of the version that I recieved . From the reviews , it seems that there is more than one version of this item being sold . Mine had strong bolts thar screwed directly into the cross pieces , resulting in a very sturdy platform for the trays . It was a little warped so the legs rocked . I just applied a little downward pressure on the top cross piece and it leveled out . The trays did stick a little , so I applied a little WD40 to the tray rails and now they operate as smooth as glass.As I said , the version that I recieved was well worth the money but the reviews indicate that there are lesser quality versions of this being shipped by the supplier .
 I bought this product for my husband and now my son and daughter want one for their rooms . A good idea for Christmas !
 Initial thought was that this item was a little to flimsy . The pads used underneath the keyboard mouse pad to keep it from sliding also causes the the middle to bow in and down . This is not neccessarily a bad thing as it does not slide around . I would had preferred something more rigid but it seems to be functioning as advertised . The Foam cushion for the wrist pad could have been better quality but again it works as advertised . Overall recommended purcahse for the price .
 Works well , quick and easy to use . Makes sorting the paid bills from the unpaid bills quicker . The 2 color stamp really stands out .
 No question about it , Polycom make the best speakerphones . This particular model is a compromise ; its better than many phones but far from the best that Polycom can do . Here 's the scoop.This model uses three microphones -LRB- one in each corner of the triangle -RRB- , all of which remain active the entire time . Depending on your room acoustics and where you sit/stand , you may sound like you are talking from inside of a deep well -LRB- kind of a hollow echo -RRB- . Better Polycom models -LRB- like the Soundstation Premier -RRB- avoid this by only leaving one microphone active at a time , and with higher quality components and circuits . For example , noice canceling circuit to to remove background noise , a feature lacking in this model.That said , you may still be happy with this model , as it costs a whole lot less than the Premier version and is way better than the built-in speakerphones included in many desktop handset units . To decide you need to consider how important the quality of your conference calls is , and what kinds of acoustics the room that you 'll be using has . If you need the best , go with the Premier , otherwise this is a solid model .
 After getting frustrated with typical multipurpose phones -LRB- handset , speakerphone , answering machine , caller ID , potato peeler , and inflatable raft all in one -RRB- I went looking for an excellent speakerphone . This gets my highest recommendation . The sound is clear , the ability to carry on a two-way conversation without noticable pausing or clipping is wonderful , and the system is compact and easy to use . One slight caveat
 I knew about Polycom from my days with a telecom company and thought it might help my 86 year old uncle with a bad shoulder which made it difficult for him to hold the phone and hearing issues carry on a phone conversation with his brother in a distant city . The attributes of the Polycom that I thought might make a big diffeence were it 's full duplex operation , large speaker and good microphones . The price was a show stopper until I found a used one in the $ 100 price range . My sister and I gave it to my uncle for his birthday and it worked very , very well . Both uncles rave about the ability to finally have good chat . Thanks Polycom !
 I 've never been inside a major company that used a speakerphone other than this one . Great full duplex sound . Expensive , but worth it .
 This has worked great since the day we received it . It 's reliable , easy to use and sound is pretty good in a smaller room.Have to be mindful of its placement in a larger conference room so phone participants can hear everyone talk.I recommend this product !
 This phone was a great deal for a gently used high quality item - and it was exactly as the seller described it !
 The product I purchased is everything as advertised . It shows slight use signs as described - but works great and I am happy do repeat a transaction with the seller again .
 its good for ur printer . i mean wat else do u want me to say .
 just like the other Kodak papers ... very simple to cut with photo cutter ...
 As a bit of a research project I was looking at the reviews for the photo paper I use and was very surprised . I was so surprised that it prompted me to write my first amazon.com review ever . I have been using this paper for about four months now . I bought it when I bought my printer , an HP deskjet 3520 . I have loved this paper . All of my photo 's have come out crisp , clear , and true to color . Yes , there is a tab on the paper , but it is very easy to cut off . I have had no problems with fading , although it is still early and my pictures have not been exposed to direct sunlight and other photo faders . I would recomend this paper to anyone who prints 4x6 photos on their home computer .
 This leather padfolio was a gift for this Mrs. which I had ordered online . It arrived in fashionable packaging from Royce and its content was no different . It 's an attractive , professional padfolio that demands notice . WELL worth the few extra bucks !
 Good value and very nice Quality . Exactly as described in the description and as good as expected . Recommended for office or students .
 This is a quality made , quality leather portfolio -LRB- has that `` new car smell ! '' -RRB- . The cover folds behind the back for a flat writing surface . The pockets are nice , but do n't add bulk . It is simple and elegant and I expect to use it for decades .
 I bought this for my husband as a gift . He attends many meetings at work and needed something to carry his notes in . I bought the green which is a dark green . The leather is beautiful & high quality so it will last for many years . It is getting harder & harder to find padfoilio 's that hold actual paper as so many products are now for the ereader or ipad . I wanted to get this product before it was no longer available . It is a perfect place for all your notes . I recommend it highly .
 This phone really exceeded my expectations . It has features I did n't expect . The phone book instant dial method works really well . The sound is excellent . I ca n't find any fault with it .
 I love this product and always come back to order more ! They are excellent quality and an amazing value ! Thank you ValueMailers !
 I love my new desk , and I wanted to protect it without covering it up with a big deskpad . This one does the trick just perfectly . It 's clear , so it does n't take away from the look of my desk , and at the same time , it keeps me from scratching the desk top .
 The pad arrived in 24 hours and fits nicelyno need for a mouse padnice and clear so it does not take away from the finish of my deskhappy : o -RRB-
 I previously owned a set of Panasonic 2 handset phones and these were n't compatible with the same chargers , so these were relegated as my second set.However , I 've found them extremely easy to use.The one downside was that the belt clips were n't included , unlike my other set , so I can not keep it with me as easily.Otherwise an excellent phone with Caller ID on the handset . And a wonderful price too !
 This desk pad is not bad at all . It actually protected my desk and since it was clear , I was able to put all kinds of things -LRB- pictures , calendars , sticky notes -RRB- under it !
 Just what I ordered and needed . Was n't sure about the order they never asked what I wanted on it when I ordered . But I was sent another email for the details . Fast service . Very satisfied
 Item ordered 13 August . Received email with instructions 14 Aug. . I was lazy and did nothing about it . Received email 17 Aug saying Amazon would cancel the order if nothing was done quickly . On 18 Aug I received another request and a second email with an acknowledgement of my reply with my address . I received the item , but it was broken in shipping . It looked like the USPS man had stepped on the padded mailer -LRB- there was a large black foot print on it -RRB- . I contacted the seller on 25 Aug and that same day they said they 'd send a replacement . I received it intact 8 Sept. . They were courteous and prompt in all my dealings with them . They could probably use a better quality of mailer , however .
 I 'd already reviewed this and given it 4 stars because the name on the stamp was n't IDEAL , but since then I 've been told that IDEAL was bought out , and hence the new name on the stamp is really just the current version of the same stamp . Fine with me , because it was sent very quickly and works great AND they responded to my previous review promptly , and on a Sunday !
 Great price , the stamping is clear , and I received my custom stamp in only a few days . I plan on ordering several more .
 The stamper is ok but the font could have been larger . I use the stamper to stamp checks &#34; For Depost Only &#34;
 This is our second &#34; family address stamp &#34; . The first one lasted ten years . You need to follow their instructions on the email they send you after you order it but it really is n't that hard for the value you get . This will last long time and you really blow through the Christmas cards not having to write an address on each one ! Stamp it and forget it !
 i think this stamp works very well but the printing of my address is just a little smaller than i expected .
 Nice and easy to use and I placed my order and received it in one day I would recommend this product
 This stamp works great and was individualized just as I wanted it . Be sure to check your email inbox for an email from the company asking how you would like them to make the stamp . Once you reply , it is a very quick process for them to make your stamp and ship it to you .
 Good value . It was easy to order and the followup information regarding the wording was fast and easy . I do n't know how long it will last , but it appears to be substantial enough for occasional use at home .
 Overall this self-inking stamp does a good job . I feel it is a good value for what we had to pay for it .
 Great value for the price . Quick ship and personalization was exactly as requested/promised . Would gladly do business with this company again . Word of note , do not be alarmed that there is no place to request your personalization ; company does contact you via email to request what you want on your stamper .
 Great size - It 's not too big for return address on standard or business letter envelopes and it is plenty big enough to look fine on larger manila envelopes.Easy to refill ink - the ink lasts a long time , but when it starts to fade it is simple and fairly mess free to re-ink if you just take a little care .
 Way better than return address labels . Be sure to rock back and forth a little to ensure it stamps completely
 I bought this to replace an older one . Inexpensive and shipped quickly . Ink does dry slowly but I would buy again .
 I love this stamp . It was just what I was looking for.The quality is very good . I am sure I will be using it fora very long time .
 Got this just in time to send out Christmas Cards ... it was so nice not having to hand-write my return address fifty times . This company is easy to deal with and did a great job making the stamp look exactly as I wanted . Two thumbs up !
 I was very happy with my purchase . Since we moved into a new home recently it saved me lots of time writing the return address on Christmas card envelopes . It arrived in the mail quickly . Thanks
 Stamp arrived quickly and was just as expected . It was a little weird that they emailed separately for the text of the stamp . It seems like there should be a place to add that during the ordering process ...
 I 've purchased a number of these stamps from these folks and they have always delivered a great stamper and fast delivery . You wo n't go wrong here .
 Great product , works as advertised.Like all similar stamps , for a proper stamped image you need to press harder than you think you do and roll it slightly a few times before releasing .
 Got this on the whim for my Mother . My Aunt is not tech savvy and was asking me about setting up a label maker , so she does n't have to right her address on all her bills . This worked like a charm . She tells me she loves it , and has thanked me for it twice , which is unusual for her . I tested it before giving it as a present , and the text was crystal clear . I 'll make sure to send her to you if she wants more .
 I picked up one of these when I moved to a new house a few months ago . It works great , and the company got it to me in a hurry . I 'm back looking at there products because my 7 year old wo n't leave mine alone . I figure it 'll make a great stocking stuffer . Recommended .
 For casual notating of common phrases , this self-inking stamp is a great value ! If you are looking to mass-produce highly professional documents , I would suggest purchasing a more expensive stamp . There is minor smudging and the ink bleeds through certain papers . But for simple address labeling or in my case , quickly reproducing certain ubiquitous comments in grading papers , this product has been well worth the low price . I will be sure to order more soon !
 Any time I need a self-inking stamp I will always purchase them from this company . Ordering is easy , the prices are excellent , and the stamp ships quickly . I have ordered seven stamps so far and all have been great , just exactly what I needed and the customization has always been correct . Awesome !
 Item was received on time and is what was stated . I 'm happy with purchase and would recommend to others . Have had nice funny compliments .
 THIS PRODUCT , CUSTOM SELF-INKING RUBBER STAMP , IS AWESOME . IT IS A GREAT PRODUCT FOR SUCH AN AMAZING PRICE , IT WAS TOTALLY WORTH THE PRICE !!! WE ARE GETTING READY TO MOVE AND I WANTED SOMETHING THAT I COULD USE TO NOTIFY FRIENDS AND FAMILY AND I WANTED SOMETHING DIFFERENT THAN THE ADDRESS STICKERS AND THIS RUBBER STAMP IS THE PERFECT THING . I WAS ABLE TO BUY DIFFERENT COLORED PAPER AND MAKE DESIGN ON IT AROUND THE STAMP TO MAKE IT PERSONAL . I LOVE IT !!!!
 Purchased them for work . They arrived very fast and are perfect for what we need them for . We got three different ones in different colors and every thing arrived promptly and correct .
 The company contacted me quickly for details and the stamp arrived promptly . Be sure you measure out the size before ordering , its possible you might need a larger size than 3/4 `` x2 '' . To me the area seems small versus other stamps I 've used in the past , but it serves its purpose and I do n't have to use my printer for the return address .
 works well one of the better ones I have used , got one and the print is crooked.This one does the job I needed it for
 We got this for our letter writing grandaughter . Sometimes it is a little difficult to write small enough to fit the return address in the left corner of an envelope.This fits the bill !
 I would totally recommend this product to anyone . They shipped it quickly , customer service was helpful via e-mail when I sent the customization , and this brand versus other brands is easier to find refills for when/if the ink dries out .
 I 've been using this for over a year now and it just keeps on stamping . I keep it handy on my desk and it saves lots of writing .
 Just the right size for a return address on an envelope . Much more efficient than using labels or writing out your address for every letter you send .
 I 'm super happy with this stamp . It was very inexpensive and it works like a charm . I give it four stars , because i have to wiggle it up and down to make sure the entire stamp appears on the page . But for this price , i 'm not complaining !
 It is a good deal , works pretty well , and cheaper then the others . I use it every day and like it
 I had this for a while now and no ink replacement so far . The imprint is still clear and crisp with no ink bleeding . Beats writing out your address on the envelope to pay bills , send birthday/holiday cards .
 I have purchased other stamps that do not compare to this one . Stamps perfect very time , very pleased with this product .
 This is a standard stamp that does it 's job well . No surprises . The stamp was made and delivered in a small amount of time .
 These are pen sized highlighters which are good to have if you do n't like the thick version . So far they have all worked fine , with a good lifespan.I have no complaints with them . The price was more than fair considering the quantity . Their are no surprises , just expected blue highlights !
 They work well , and if you go through a lot of these at a time , you will appreciate having a box of them rather than going out to the office supply store and buying them every few weeks .
 These are quality highlighters ! We bought them as a small gift as part of our Teacher appreciation week . We gave them these with a tag that read &#34; Highlighting all you do would be impossible &#34; ! They loved them . The blue color matched our school colors and they work and last . Great deal !
 We have been very happy with these phones . They work just as advertised , sound is clear . Since they are refurbished they came with a sticker on the back that I needed goof-off to get off . That was the only problem with the phones but now no one would know that they were n't purchased new .
 I ordered this because I kept having to run to the office supply store to get padded envelopes when I sold something . I decided to take a chance that I would sell enough in the future to warrant buying an entire box of these things . I 've already used more than half of them!These bags are great for shipping a deck of cards , paperback books , jewelry , DVDs and CDs . Except for a few items that have been too large for this size of envelope , I 've been able to use these to ship every single item I 've sold during the last couple of months.I will definitely be reordering these in a month or two .
 As an ebay seller I was looking to reduce shipping costs . These were the least expensive envelopes I could find anywhere . Because of the large size I can even cut them into quadrants for shipping small items , which means I can ship four items per envelope and pay less to ship each because the quadrants weigh less . This was a great investment and I highly recommend it to anyone who needs to ship large quantities without spending a ton of money .
 I was impressed by the timeliness of the product and all the envelopes were in great shape . Would definitely order again from this company . Thank you for such great service .
 Like someone else said - how much can you say about a bubble envelope except that they are good quality and the price is very reasonable .
 Many say they have the best price . These people really do . The product was great and just what I needed .
 I ordered after an email search . My order was verified the next day and Amaxon processed it . I made one slight mistake . However , these mailersare excellent . They seal very easily and hold items well . I am delighted and highly recommend this vendor . The mistake I made was in waiting toolong to place the order . The evenng that I needed the mailers , a packagewas by my front door . They arrived on time . If you can pay a bit morefor expedited shipping , overall this is recommended . I am very pleased with this vendor and will order more . Dr. K. , Palm Bay FL
 I sell a relatively small amount of books on Amazon.com , so when to time can that I ran out of boxes , I decided to buy a few bubble mailers for ease of use . Naturally , I always try to get the best deal on the internet , so I even calculated how much each individual mailer of several different sizes and brands cost . I wanted to spend under 15 bucks , and found that these were the cheapest small quantity of mailers -LRB- bulk quantities of mailers are , of course , the overall cheapest per envelope -RRB- . At around 11 bucks total with shipping -LRB- they were cheaper then -RRB- they come to about $ .40 per mailer.The size seemed a little small , but I have plenty of small books , and even averaged out the sizes of some of my books to make sure they would fit . With this in mind , I ordered them.When the mailers came , I noted that they were sturdy , held together well , and have a very strong glue peel-and-seal . However , when I tried to fit my books in them , most would n't fit . They only work with the smallest paperbacks . Even though it says 7.5 x12 '' , the inside , is of course , smaller . I took that into account , but they were still too small for most books.Even so , they are good at what they do , and I have no complaints about them , thus the 5-star rating . If you have a lot of smaller books to sell , get these . They are also PERFECT for DVDs -LRB- the bigger DVD cases - if you have the small square DVD or CD cases , you should get smaller mailers -RRB- . If not though , I highly recommend getting75 Counts Kraft Road Warrior Mailers Variety Pack - 6 Sizes including # 0 , # 1 , # 2 , # 3 , # 4 and # 5 Kraft Bubble Mailers . -LRB- SEE UPDATE BELOW -RRB- I calculated the cost of these too , and at about .25 cents per mailer with shipping , they are the cheapest bundle of 75 mailers out there , and include enough sizes for all my books . I ordered them a few months ago and they have worked like a dream for me
 How much can you say about a bubble mailer ? Good quality , good price . This size is about perfect for the typical paperback book or DVD .
 I bought these to sell stuff on ebay from my house and they worked perfectly . I definitely suggest them .
 I ship alot of books throughout the world . What a fantastic product . They are very sturdy and fit a paperback , video games , DVD 's , cd 's -LRB- with extra room -RRB- , large Trade sized paperbacks and I have even fit some hardcovers . They are thick enough , but weigh only .9 oz . so they do n't add to your shipping fees . 5 Star product !
 I bought these envelopes to ship games/movies through goozex and they are the perfect size for that . I was also quite happy with the quality of the envelope and the glue strip on it . The only con would be they sent it to me in a box that could of held more than twice as many envelopes .
 Better than expected , pleased with purchase . These are not flexible , so my thought that I would fold in half for CD 's is n't going to fly . Envelope holds 2-4 cd 's and 2 DVD 's or Games - snuggly holds 3 but it 's a little tight . I bought to sell off music and games collection and they 'll work just fine . I think better size than being stuck with all small ones.Wonder if I should count them to see if I got 100 ? I took a picture of the box of mailers and will post it on the item page .
 I bought these last year and I 'm looking to re-order . I do a lot of online trades , but the # 0 mailers were too small for some items . These mailers worked great for my DVDs , CDs , paperbacks -LRB- even the thick ones -RRB- and even some small hardcover books . The bubble wrap inside protects all the items and the quick peel and seal helps me pack and ship all my items quickly and efficiently . These envelopes are exactly what I was looking for for my mailing needs .
 Good product . Always make sure the size of what you are mailing will fit in or it will tear . The price was very good also . Recomended .
 Great deal on these envelopes and great quality for the price . I highly recommed these padded envelopes and would definitely buy them again in the future .
 I had pre bought these bubble mailers for my packaging needs prior to my bubble mailers running completely out . I 'm happy with the quality of the bubble mailers and , although I probably should have gotten the 8.25 X 12 instead , these mailers are great for my packaging needs and very durable . I highly reccomend buying from this ciompany and ... they are very customer-service friendly to boot !
 I purchase a lot of bulk padded mailers and sometimes buying in bulk means buying low-quality . These bubble mailers are great . Both the padding and the paper are thick and high quality . The adhesive seal is also very strong and I do n't need to reinforce with tape.Internal dimensions are big enough for my needs so no complaints about that.Great value ! No complaints from me or by eBay customers .
 I love these mailers . I ordered others that have a foldover flap at the bottom , which has come open , causing items to fall out of the mailer ; but , this one does n't . Love it !
 These envelopes work well if you ship smaller items -LRB- books , DVDs , CD 's , ect -RRB- . I ship out multiple small items everyday and these envelopes are perfect for them . Good protection with the bubbles inside the envelopes . Good product .
 Just received these envelopes yesterday and must say they are GREAT . We at -LSB- ... -RSB- ship many Coach bags , wallets and accessories . These envelopes are just perfect to mail out small items like wallets & keychains . They are sturdy and the bubble protection inside is a great addition to any protection you already have for your products . Will be ordering the larger size as well . Thanks ! Oh almost forgot , they were delivered lightning fast as well !!!
 I purchased these mailers last month . I read some complaints that they were flimsy or the adhesive is bad . I did n't find that the case . They are sturdy and of good quality . I have them pre-labelled with items that I sell online it really expedites the process . I will definitely buy these again the in the future when the need arises .
 Wow , these are exactly what I was looking for.The box they came in was a bit big but taking into consideration the amount of envelopes ordered -LRB- 100 ct -RRB- Definitely justifies the size of it.I ca n't believe I used to pay up to $ 8.00 for a single pack of 3 of these at my local storesWill order more . Highly recommended . ~ VT ~
 These envelopes work very well . Great size and prize ! Seem very sturdy . Trust that they wo n't break in the mail .
 These Mailers are of good quality . I am very satisfied with them . They are strong and well padded . I ship items like Earbuds and fragile items in them with confidence that it will be deliverd in good condition .
 I 've recorded a series of songs for potential distribution so I wanted the right inexpensive envelopes to send out my sample DVDs . I read the other reviews on these envelopes and was a little concerned the DVDs would n't fit in the envelopes - but I figured I could return these if there was a problem . Well , let me tell you , these bubble-wraps were a perfect fit . I saved 35c on postage over what I had bought ten of at Staples that was slightly heavier . If I need any more envelopes I 'll re-order . The box was shipped fast and all was in order . Good job .
 These bubble mailers are a great value and are simple to use . Simply tear off the paper and seal . Great for shipping video games , DVDs , or anyhing that will fit -LRB- they are on the larger side -RRB- .
 I was afraid due to the couple of reviews that spoke of the adhesive and having to use extra tape to seal.This product not simply shipped wonderfully in a large box , but also the quality of the envelopes far exceeded my expectations . I ship many DVDs and random little things . This has proved to be the perfect size if I even have to fit two DVDs in one of these.The bubble wrap and adhesive , as I said before , exceeded what I thought I 'd be getting.Thank you !!! : - -RRB-
 I sell books on Amazon and these are great . The are the perfect size for dvds , cds , and small paper backs , not too bulky and provide just the right amount of cushion .
 This is the second time I have ordered these , they work for many size mailings as I cut the one side down for my smaller DVDs and just seal the flap over ... they are perfect no problems at all , will only buy these again and again !!
 I ship DVDs regularly via eBay , and these are perfect for them ! Have n't received a complaint yet . I 'm on my second order .
 These arrived in good time and in perfect condition . WAY cheaper than the ones I 've been getting from the post office ! I ship books and these envelopes have been perfect ! They protect books well and left little room for shifting within the envelope .
 Competitive price and product was what I expected with a descent delivery time . They might be slightly heavier than the ones I used before . Not a big deal unless you are shipping lots of product .
 These envelopes are the best value ! They are best quality , and padded well for mailing CD 's and DVD 's . Great purchase ! Would definitely order them again .
 These bubble mailers are of good quality and are offered at a reasonable price . The adhesive adheres well without the need for additional tape .
 Very happy with these mailers . They are affordable , and as described . Easily fits two 3.5 by 3.5 gift boxes . Will purchase again !
 I bought this mailers a little while back and I 'm really happy with them , they were cheap and are very reliable durable and well insulated .
 Good quality mailers . Perfect for DVDs . Size # 1 adds more room -LRB- for snap cases and double wides -RRB- without having to add extra postage . Will buy again .
 it has glued tape and bubbles inside perfect for sending stuff and business . Also shipped on time . these are the same as the ones that post office charged me 1 $ for each
 I purchased these to mail out dvd 's . I am a videographer so I always mail out my dvds . They are a little big if I just send one dvd but when I mail out multiple copies they are great . It is hard to beat the price . I usually go with another company I found online ... it might be discount bubble mailers but they were all out and suggested I try amazon.It does n't affect the price when I mail these out vs the smaller bubble mailers I bought last time .
 The quality is pretty good and these are great bang for your bucks . It is slightly different everytime i bought them
 i ship or will be constantly shipping , so i might as well get some durable bubble mailers ! AND THESE WERE GREAT ! i got them for an INCREDIBLE price of 12 dollars ! which is wonderful and cheap ! but with the expensive price of shipping , which was fine by me ! it made a total of $ 18 STILL a very low price ! THATS ONLY 18 CENTS EACH ! very durable , work great , and have a large capacity , you can probably fit all your shipping needs in here !
 I ordered a big box of bubble mailers , received in less than 5 days and gave me an early start on sending out my own orders . 7.25 x12 is just the right size for any combination of books , CDs , DVDs and other small flat items that could need some cushioning on their way through the US postal system .
 All I can say is that these lived up to my hopes . Shipped quick and the mailers are exactly what I needed . I 'm selling off about 25 dvd 's -LRB- probably more in the future -RRB- and I did n't want to keep picking up those 5 pack of Scott 's bubble mailers at Wal-mart . They were about .50 cents each , but these are just as good and way more affordable . Mailed 5 dvd 's so far , all arrived perfectly , and best of all the extra inch you get help the dvd 's slide in easier is very nice , without giving too much wiggle room . Worth the buy .
 I highly recommend this product . Its worth every penny . They came bubble wrapped inside , perfect for sending dvds or cds with cases , fits up to 3 cases in each envelope . Fast shipping !
 The Aeron chair has become the industry standard for high quality design combined with ergonomic sensibility . They last forever , are as comfortable as any chair ever made and look great in any setting . I would beg to disagree with the other reviewer who whines about price . The chair costs a couple hundred more than cheaper alternatives , but can you really place a dollar value on not having your spine collapse at 40 ? This is the BMW of chairs , so one pays a premium for the superlative quality and engineering of the product.The Aeron is an excellent investment piece whose long term value is unquestionable . For anyone who sits for long periods and has ever had back , neck , shoulder , or coccyx pain , this chair is a must .
 I have had this chair for three years now . It is the most comfortable chair I have ever had.It is priced high but you will get many years out of it.I can only think of three negatives .1 . On cold days this chair is freezing . -LRB- put a blanket on it -RRB- 2 . Women say it will ruin pantyhose and some fabrics .3 . Do n't fart . Everyone in a 100 yard radius will hear it .
 Yes , the Aeron Chair is expensive . It 's the Mercedes Benz of chairs - and with good reason . First of all , it comes in 3 sizes to fit all sorts of body types -LRB- check the Herman Miller website for a sizing chart -RRB- . Secondly , it 's extremely adjustable -LRB- assuming you get the `` highly adjustable '' version and not the `` basic '' -RRB- . Everything from the tilt of the seat , the arm rests , and the tension of the reclining back can be adjusted . Thirdly , the pellicle mesh fabric lets your bottom and back breath , and never do you feel too warm while sitting in it for long periods of time -LRB- which is common when you work at an office -RRB- . Lastly , the quality of the chair is first-class . The main supports are made of metal while the frame is made up of a hard , quality plastic . Everything adjusts and moves without any squeeks or loose parts whatsoever.Be aware that you can buy the Aeron Chair in various forms - each having some form of options added or omitted . The PostureFit System is great for lower-back support . It 's a subtle effect , but certainly beneficial . You can also buy additional casters -LRB- wheels -RRB- for deep carpet or for a smooth floor . The Aeron Chair also comes in various colors - Graphite , Titanium , and even an `` Executive '' version with a shiney chrome finish.The only reason I did n't rate this chair with a full 5-stars is the difficult installation of the PostureFit system -LRB- typically a $ 30 option -RRB- . While it 's not complicated , it does take some strength and dexterity to fiddle with a tight tension wire and the back of the chair itself .
 The Herman Miller Aeron is the chair of choice for lumbar support with the added bonus of the mesh materal releiving pressure points . I have the highly adjustable model with leather arm pads for eight years now and it feels as supportive and comfortable as the day I brought it home . It was more than I could afford at the time but I certainly could not afford by back issues so I charged it on credit credit . Best credit card purchase I ever made . It is worth the investment . I have very little trouble with my back now . I attribute that to a good bed , a good chair and good body stretch . I hope this will be of help if you are `` on the fence '' , take the plunge . You will be glad .
 Things to know not listed with the description of this chair that I wanted to know when I was looking . The Herman Miller chair comes with many configuration options , this chair comes with the plastic arm rest pads , not the leather option which is an additional $ 99 and can be purchased extra - the pad are top notch regardless , but it was something I wanted to know and could n't find on the description . The Casters are the standard version and work great - you can upgrade to Carpet and hardwood floor casters for $ 50 more as an additional option too.Buy the PostureFit version of the chair even if you feel you might prefer the Lumbar support later because you can always add the lumbar piece later as a $ 50 option but its not so easy going the other way if you buy the lumber version of the chair . Otherwise let me say that NOTHING compares to this chair and if you are even 10 % concerned about your posture , back , overall sitting health you need to dig into those pockets and buy this chair ... I know , I have to sit in it every day for 8-10 hours and I 've paid the price over the years in cheap un-supportive chairs - You will love it.My experience with the chair is that within minutes of setting up the chair to my environment , comfort and starting back at my work I am already feeling the correcting effects on my body due to the posture this chair forces me correctly into while sitting at my computer all day . The PostureFit pad is super due to the plain fact it helps push your hips over to the point that you are sitting up right correctly and placing your weight in the right places.One last thing to mention about the chair size , if you are tall , I 'm 6 ' 2 '' , then go with the C chair as you will want the extra 11/2 '' of chair depth it provides - the chair is not that much bigger looking than the `` B '' version but it is 11/2 '' deeper , wider and taller . Before I purchased here I called Herman Miller directly and asked all the question I had but then asked them where I could go in my area to try out all the chairs and see for myself . Upon doing so it became immediately clear that the large chair was the best fit . If you have short -LRB- er -RRB- legs then the `` B '' chair is for you , oh and Amazon has the BEST price too and NO Shipping : -RRB- Eric
 Upgraded from a $ 60 office store sale chair after 3 years , preparing for starting work from home . Worth every penny and posture-fit option is a gem . I will say the largest model , C , runs a bit large . If your height/weight is at the edge of the B/C chair guidelines , you may want to go with the B.
 A desk chair is a hugely challenging purchase , especially for people that spend long hours in it , or those with back problems . Some chairs feel great at the store , but after the first 8 hour day of sitting in it you realize that it was a huge mistake . Other chairs are comfortable for the first week that you use them , and then you start suffering from inexplicable back problems or restlessness . Others feel great for the purchaser , but awful to the recipient.This chair is great , because it is the proven and trusted one stop solution for an office chair . It might be the cheapest ergonomic chair , or even the best for every person , but it is a consistent pleaser . The ` safe bet ' of office chairs . Since they started selling it in 1994 , it has become the standard in offices around the world . It is the default for people and companies who want to get the most out of themselves and their employees.There are other `` ergonomic '' chairs out there that are probably just as good as this one , maybe even for less money , but if you want the sure thing , this is the way to go . I highly recommend it , unless you want to spend the next 4 months trying out a variety of other chairs to find a better match .
 As others have expressed in their reviews -- this chair is fantastic . Delivery was timely , setup was easy , with exception of the lumbar cable . I 'm completely satisfied . BHL
 Thanks to the reviews on Amazon , I was very careful when put it together . It worked out great . My wife is happy !
 This chair is a work of art -- functional art . I have used Aeron chairs over the last five years on a daily basis . I can attest to their excellent support for those with spinal conditions . After purchasing inferior chairs for home office use in the $ 250 - $ 450 price range , I would recommend just investing more money in one of these durable chairs . After having spinal surgery , I never thought I 'd be able to handle a full-time sedentary job again -- but Herman Miller chairs have made all the difference . If you are tall , definintely get the larger size . I 've seen co-workers remove the arms , but I find them to be just right for me . In the case of this premium product -- quality is definitely worth the money if you 're back health is of utmost importance .
 A desk chair is a hugely challenging purchase , especially for people that spend long hours in it , or those with back problems . Some chairs feel great at the store , but after the first 8 hour day of sitting in it you realize that it was a huge mistake . Other chairs are comfortable for the first week that you use them , and then you start suffering from inexplicable back problems or restlessness . Others feel great for the purchaser , but awful to the recipient.This chair is great , because it is the proven and trusted one stop solution for an office chair . It might be the cheapest ergonomic chair , or even the best for every person , but it is a consistent pleaser . The ` safe bet ' of office chairs . Since they started selling it in 1994 , it has become the standard in offices around the world . It is the default for people and companies who want to get the most out of themselves and their employees.There are other `` ergonomic '' chairs out there that are probably just as good as this one , maybe even for less money , but if you want the sure thing , this is the way to go . I highly recommend it , unless you want to spend the next 4 months trying out a variety of other chairs to find a better match .
 Price was good and the service was perfect . It arrived almost before i could have gotten in my car and driven to Fry 's or an office supply store . : -RRB-
 If you are n't looking for a volume printer , just one to make those misc copies at home , this printer fits the bill . I previously owned a Xerox personal copier that I had for many years and it died , and I figured that it would cost more to fix it than to just purchase a new one . Once you have a copier at home you ca n't do without , so I did quite an extensive search on the internet , and this was the cheapest that I found . The nicest feature is that you can turn it on and instantly make copies , because you do n't have to wait for it to warmup ... that 's great for those single copies you want to quickly make on the run . I also like being able to make copies from books , which you ca n't make from your fax machine . The kids copy their chapters for homework and use those copies to travel with on weekends instead of dragging their entire load of books along . For ... , this printer is worth it . I have not had any problems with it so far .
 What a joy to own this copier ! I just bought it , and making photocopies is no longer a time-consuming errand , it 's a quick and simple in-office activity . The aspect I like best is the ability to make copies from books and other `` three dimensional objects '' . It has no warm-up period , which means that Type-A people like me get instant results . The energy-saving auto-off feature turns the copier off automatically if it 's been unused for 5 minutes . The laser output is crisp and more than adequate for making readable backup copies . It does n't have any `` fancy '' features , such as zoom , collation , etc. , but on the other hand I do n't need those features . Moreover , the PC425 is compact -LRB- the trays fold up to free up surface space when the unit is n't being used -RRB- , it 's relatively lightweight -LRB- 18 lbs -RRB- , it comes with a built-in retractable carrying handle , and it appears to be solidly constructed . The copy speed of 4 ppm is sufficient for low-volume , occasional copying needs . The reproduction size is limited to 8.5 x 11 , but I ca n't think of the last time I needed to make a legal-sized copy . I feel as though the PC425 was designed with my exact needs in mind ! I give it 5 stars , which assumes it will provide years of trouble-free operation.PURCHASING NOTE
 I 'm about to buy our first replacement toner for this machine after over three years of light use , but it 's perfect for those occasional copies in a home office . We also own a PC940 and both have been great for us . This one has been discontinued but newer models are very similar . It is light , small , and basic with no bells and whistles to get in the way . The one annoyance is that after the third year the feeder started feeding inconsistently , sometimes failing to insert the paper . My workaround is easy and has become habitual -- just grip the paper as you press the start button and nudge it through . If it still fails , or you forget to do this , the copier will pause and indicate a jam . Just turn it off and on again , and try again . Small price to pay for a small copier that has lasted this long . Warmup time is nil . Put the original on the glass , turn it on , press start , and it 's done . OK , it 's not fast but it 's just a few seconds .
 I ordered these padded envelopes as they were advertised with a great price for 50 envelopes . They arrived in two days and were exactly what I thought they should be . Very satisfied with both product and price.Letta Meinen
 I ordered these bubble mailers and they arrived within the same week . And for around 20 dollars , plus free shipping . For an Internet purchase , this online store offers a great deal .
 50 # 2 8.5 x 12 Kraft Bubble Mailers were as ordered . No surprises , which is a good thing . Rapid , correct delivery and a good product . What more could you ask for ?
 Does the job , and for cheap . Highly recommended bubble wrap envelopes . Kraft colored and durable . A definite good choice for any shipper .
 I needed a bubble mailer to ship our four volume DVD sets to customers at a reasonable price . This product does exactly that !
 Cheapest I could find -LRB- November 2012 -RRB- . I will not pay more than 15 $ for mailers . Luckily with Prime I do not have to .
 The envelopes came in a sturdy cardboard carton . Each seems well padded . The # 2 size is good for books , video games , and DVD season box sets . -LRB- The # 0 wo n't fit anything larger than one video game or DVD jewel case . -RRB-
 No surprises here . These are study 8.5 x 12 '' mailers which is the perfect size for shipping books , dvds , and similar media . As of yet , I have n't encountered any issues where the mailer alone failed to protect the shipped product .
 I find the phone worth the money . You can not use both handsets at the same time - which I knew from other reviews before I bought the phone . That is really the only con I see . Reception is very good . This phone is a good option for someone who wants a cheaper version of a multiple handset phone . I bought it to use in a place where a phone jack was not close . It is ideal for this use . If you want more features such as being able to use both handsets at the same time , you may want to look into a more expensive version phone . Overall I say it is a great phone for the money , but does n't have all the bells and whistles of the more expensive phones .
 I live in a two story townhouse . The reception on the first floor is very poor . I puchased serveral different types of cordless phone but had to return them all . This Uniden model works very well . I can use it anywhere on the first floor .
 i bought it to have extra handset in a different part of the house and not have to worry about always charging the batterie . uniden is akways relaible
 My husband and I have a wireless internet hub in our home . This 5.8 GHz phone does not interfere with our WiFi setup . It is the first time we have achieved this!The phone is very user-friendly -LRB- VTech phones usually are -RRB- and the speakerphone is outstanding in terms of mic quality . The price is a little high for most people , but in our case it has been well worth it .
 This is a great way to support our college football team . Oh wait . . UNCG does n't have a football team ... ooops ! We 're still undefeated ! Woohoo !
 I have had VTech phones for quite a while . I needed another handset , so I looked for the V Tech that matched my phone system . It works well , and the sound is excellent .
 I have been using mine for several years now and I have n't had any problems other than failing batteries which are easily remedied . Good sound quality and even has a place to plug in a wired headset which I use frequently .
 Has lasted a number of years , tho the batteries were good for about two . I replaced them with NiMH which confused the low battery warning circuitry , that was setup for NiCads . The handsets are as good as any I 've owned ... better than some .
 The VTech v2600 is the best phone we have ever had , and the handset is useable in any room where there is a plug , because you do n't need a wall jack . The sound is clear , and I have used it when out at the mailbox , about 200 feet away from the house , and it is still clear and strong .
 I 've had the original base for a while now and have been very happy with it . When we needed a phone for the extra bedroom I was happy to discover that these handsets were still available . The alternatives would have been to either run a new phone line to extra bedroom which would require crawling under the house which is no fun at all , or investing in another phone system that would support similar handsets which would have been more expensive . All in all , this was just what I needed .
 We are very pleased with the handset . We had the base unit and one spare handset but needed another for the other bedroom . This is working great , plus the shipping was quick . We are very happy .
 Especially with the new voice over internet telephone systems such as callvantage or vonage ! Priceless ... esp ... to update an old house and have phones in every room still just by plugging it into a wall outlet !!! only wish that you did n't have to reinput all the phone numbers to the memory of each phone -LRB- wish they were stored in the base unit somehow -RRB- but this is the only thing so far ... and that also allows for one with work # 's etc. . . Overall great phone/system !
 I like this phone . Old technology seems to work better in my opinion than this new stuff . This phone is built just like the old AT & T 5800 series phone which I still have and working just fine .
 It is an overall good phone with many practical uses . And for the price I got it -LRB- $ 20 after mail in rebate at staples -RRB- , it was worth every penny . I liked it so much I went back to the store and purchased 2 more for around the home to be able to use the intercom feature . This was cheaper than buying 2 v2600 handsets alone . The two extra phones connect to the main base , but charge on thier own base . I am able to intercom upstairs to the family rather than yelling . Also I like the fact that the handsets have a speaker system by themselves -LRB- so does the base station -RRB- so I do n't have to hold it up to my ears when I 'm not around the base . The signal is decent at times , but when used for a long time it starts getting staticy -LRB- this may also be due to the interference of my wireless b internet network -RRB- . Another possible reason is because of the small antenna on the handset , and lack of an antenna on the base . I like the base 's dialing feature which allows it to dial without the handset . Overall I think this is a practical solution for a phone replacement -LRB- my old one 's battery died -RRB- . For 20 bucks , it was way better than buying another set of phone batteries at $ 15 .
 This is an above average phone systems with many features of phones twice as much $ . It has good sound quality and an extended range feature that improves communications over larger distances than standard 2.4 GHz phones . It performs much beter than the Seimens 2415 & 2400 system that it is replacing . I was actually quite surprised to see a high level of build quality and function in a VTech phone system this cheap . 5.8 GHz is not worth the bump in price when this phone performs this well in the city .
 the price was cheap compared with other higher-end brands . but the voice was very clear , and the battery lasted for several days without any problem .
 great phone . sound quality with headset is great . built-in-handset-speakerphone is an odd but remarkably handy feature sometimes . desktop speaker has good sound quality although microphone is n't the best for the people on the other end . wireless connection/sound quality seems very good as well - none of the problems I had with the last couple of 900mhz phones . note this is a real digital phone , not a faux-digital like many of the other 2.4 ghz phones . menu and operation works like a cell phone , in other words it is more intelligent and sophisticated than your usual home cordless . this makes it much easier for me as I am used to constantly using a cell phone . address book for instance is much more like a cell . downsides are a few of the features take too many clicks - bringing up and dialing caller ID numbers for instance , and occaisionally there is a feature that is hard to figure out the first time . other review is right about one thing at least - the wall mount is bogus - use it on a desk .
 It 's really amazing product at the lowest price with all the features . . till now wi have not notices any issues with product . . hope it works fine in the future too . . : - -RRB-
 This binder came in exactly as described , and was packaged very well . I will be buying again . Very sturdy design .
 Not sure why other complains but I wo n't . Sure it 's cheap but it 's pretty solid . Crystal clear voice and literally no static at all for me . Digital answering system is easy to config and use.All in all , no complaints . Good phone for the money !
 wow ! this is a huge upgrade from a 900mhz phone . now i can walk around the back yard and have no problem with static . the answering machine is easy to set up . the only complaint i do have is that the voice can sound muffled when recording your outgoing message otherwise this was a great phone for 50.00 im getting another for xmass
 This inexpensive phone has 2 voicemail boxes and an answering machine . A good phone for a college dorm . If it gets lost , stolen , or broken it can be easily replaced . The receptionand battery have been fine so far .
 At least to me , it proved very good phone . It has answering system . Others had voice problems , but I never had such issue . Voice quality was clear . Positive from me .
 I got this as a wedding gift July 2003 . I have had no problems with it at all . I love the phone . Good battery too . I can keep the hand set off the charger for hours and it will still work . My old cordless could not be off the charger longer than 20 minutes or it would die . I love that the answering machine has 3 mail boxes . Now no one in my family looses their messages . Overall I give it two thumbs up .
 Well I got this phone for Christmas last year and it 's still going strong . I hear perfectly , no static , and I would recommend everyone to buy this phone .
 Whereas , the phone works fine , just have to be sure to keep it charged , because at a moment 's notice it will have no charge . Love the speaker , answering machine , so except for battery being shortlived , it works fine .
 I am a total phoneaholic ... when ever I see a good phone I buy it . I like this phone I have this answering machine and then have 2 of the stand alones . I gave one to my mother in law and she also just loves it . I have no echo or battery problems after a few months . I love the speaker phone.I press the button and put the phone on my desk and do what I want ... I dont even touch the phone durring the conversation . I can hear them very well from 10 feet away . . and they can hear me if I raise my voice ... good sound ... and is loud enough.I use one phone with vonage.com and it works very well with that . Everyone can hear me ... I ask them every time ... crystal clear.Thank You Vtech your the best !
 Just pick up this phone and an extra 2600 handset as a bundle for less than $ 80 . I have n't experienced any of the problems mentioned in the other reviews . Voice quality is very good without any interference problem throughout my house . We have 802.11 b running on the 2.4 GHz band too . They coexist beautifully . While this phone does n't have the latest features like color screen or multiphonic ring tone , it has the key features that I was looking for namely handset speakphone , handset-to-handset intercom and alphanumeric directory . The phone is compact and light weight , and looks a lot better than any Panasonic phones . It also has an ingenious belt clip that tugs away when not in use . The answering machine 's voice quality can be better but this is a universal problem for all these devices with limited memory space .
 This phone has great sound quality -LRB- as good as corded -RRB- and is easy to operate . Has large buttons also a ` talk ' and ` end ' buttons instead of some phones that have a single button to answer and hang up , much better design so you do n't have to second guess if you have hung up or not . Range is about the same as most 2.4 gig phones , more than the siemens phones . It does n't techincal features like locking the keyboard nor a alphabetical directory , nor ability to name the handsets for easy paging -LRB- like the siemens -RRB- . If it had these features it would be a five star to me .
 This was not only a really great value , but it 's a great piece of equipment that does everything it 's supposed to do , and in a fairly uncomplicated way ; Thumbs Up !
 This mouse pad is sturdy , and just the right size for my desk ! I would purchase another product from this company !
 This book binder is being used in my night class at college . I have been to office supply stores and they claimed they did n't have this size or they were pricing them to high . Thank you so much .
 Excellent product.I was amazed to find Amazon shipped my order for 10 tubes , with each tube in a separate box . The last tube I received on March 7th came in a box so large it could have contained 50 or so tubes . One or two tubes were damaged by `` rattling around '' in their box . I hope Amazon takes note , and re-thinks the warehouse packing and shipping instructions for this product ...
 This is the best glue stick I have ever used . I make clear glass ball ornaments with a photo inside and Ross Stik is the only one I have found that will work properly with my ornaments . The photos are glued onto transparencies and have tostick to the edges of the photo in order to roll it up and place in down in the ball and Ross Stik sticks every time .
 I 've been using this pen now for a couple of months . While I have several Watermans , this one has become my absolute favorite . It 's a smooth writer , regardless of which ink I 'm using -LRB- and I enjoy switching frequently -RRB- . The nib does n't have quite the flexibility of many other nibs , but it 's just enough to produce nicely drawn letters.Aesthetically , I 've never seen one like it . The nib is embedded in the pen body providing a unique design that 's sure to be an attention getter . Unlike many of my other fountain pens , this one does n't waste much ink and I ca n't think of a single occasion when I even had the tell tale fountain pen stain on my writing fingers while using this pen . The balance is extraordinary and such a pleasure to write with . I sincerely could n't be happier with my purchase .
 This book is a practical guide to organizing your entire home with beauty ! Not just plastic boxes ... . It is also a framework for teaching your children & family members life skills - being organized simplifies your life and leaves more time for living .
 I bought this book in the store after flipping through it . If you like Real Simple -LRB- the magazine -RRB- , this book is for you . The ideas in the book are perfect for first-timers who are looking to organize all their stuff as they move in to a new place . I love the photos and suggestions - from cleaning products to furniture ideas to color schemes . One wish I have for this book is that they would have shared the best places to buy these things , but a lot of the products , units and furniture seem like they could be purchased in local department stores or stores like Ikea .
 The book is good for putting things into perspective - as far as organizing room by room . It is easy to read and understand . The pictures are excellent for giving you ideas for your own home . Things you might not have thought of to use - the items are very reasonably priced in retail stores , so it makes for an economical fix to storage problems . Overall
 I love being organized ... . And a book about organization is icing on the cake!Whether you are organized or need inspiration to become organized , this is a great book with great ideas!I would recommend this to a friend .
 I bought this book for my Mom and she loved it ! She loves the Real Simple Magazine and this was the perfect present for her . Lots of great tips inside ; I would definitely recommend this book to others .
 I must preface this by saying that I 'm a HUGE Real Simple fan so I bought this book with that in mind . The book is very much like the magazine - clean , to the point , and filled with small tidbits about how to organize whatever you want . The chapters are broken down into individual rooms , with the last two chapters showcasing systems and shopping guides . Most the of the organizing/design books I 've read do this but I love being able to skip to the section I essentially need while forgoing the ones that do n't apply to me -LSB- I 'm looking at you , storage room -RSB- . The layout is relatively clutter free , making pieces of interest easier to find , and the corresponding photos are great examples.My only gripe about this book is that the rooms seem to be massive which does n't translate well for more modest sized homes . I will give props to the book and let you know that most of the time , the over the top suggestions -LSB- table next to the bath tub , having a pantry/clothes closet/linen closet the size of an actual room , etc -RSB- are added as `` if you have it '' so you can easily skip over those parts if they do n't apply to you though I would read them because they still give excellent storage advice . I would have also liked more pictures of the entire room to see how the storage solutions meshed together.Overall , I love this book and it takes permanent residence on my side table in my living room for quick reference . This is great for yourself or as a gift if you 're a new homeowner or just starting out in apartment .
 This book is good to look at for inspiration , but it 's not very informative . Though , the pictures truly do make up for it .
 I checked it out from the library first and then decided to purchase it for my home . It is easy to read , understand and implement the organization schemes they show in the book .
 This book is really awesome ! The pictures and the book are so wonderful ! I am going to keep this on my coffee table at all times .
 I love this book ! I 'm very satisfied with all its contents and I 've even put some of the ideas into work .
 I have to say , I am quite prejudiced in favor of this volume because my own decorating style is pretty much what you find here . I saw more than one room in my house ! I use neutral paint in most rooms , a lot of black and white photos , stark lines in the furniture , well , you get the point . This was my cup of tea.But the ideas for refitting closets could be used by anyone , even if you are the Laura Ashley type rather than Bauhaus-is-our-house . I do n't agree with glassed kitchen cabinets though I love the look -LRB- I am likely to cram in ten or so souvenir ceramic mugs from ferry boat trips and museums , none of which look delightully chic when showcased in glass and wood . -RRB- But for the most part , I enjoyed the ideas and picked up a few good tips for getting the closets to stop regurgitating at me when I open the door . And need I say , this is beautifully photographed ? Summary
 I gave the book as a gift and the person loved it and said that the book was very helpful .
 I bought this book and found great ideas for anyone trying to decorate their home without the muss and fuss . Real Simple is a great magazine for those that want to maintain order in their place . The book provides tips and examples of how to maintain a home and each room . This is an excellent resource for anyone in search of their own place .
 Very nice book with excellent photos and tips . Good for europeans that ca n't suscribe to Real Simple Magazine .
 Ok , so I was never on the brink of death - I 'm exaggerating a little . But I was/am the consummate slob . When I was a kid I kept a terrible room and as an adult I keep a terrible apartment that has only one closet . Plus I am so busy that my time to spend on housekeeping is fairly limited . The beginning of this book gives solid points in plain talk on how an organized home can save time , positively impact your life on so many levels and how easy it is to maintain if you know how to set things up . The book was very encouraging about the daunting task of getting started on things one step at a time.The pictures in this book are SO beautiful and the furnishings so high end that it was a bit intimidating at first . But if you actually read the advice given in the book you can find clues on making good use of what you already have . And through the sea of expensive visual art and design you see in the pictures they manage to highlight basic ` must have ' items that will really make a difference rather than try to entice you to buy certain products or expensive furnishings . I ended up giving away things that served no practical use except to bang my toes against in the dark.There are no ads and they never mention or acknowledge in the book what brands are featured or where you can purchase the items you see there . At first I was annoyed by this but it allowed me to shop around for inexpensive items that are within my budget . I spent less than $ 200 , and that 's including the book itself.I have a long way to go as far as retraining myself to form better habits to keep my place from reverting back to it 's former cluttered glory . But I credit this book with being a Godsend in getting me out from under the mountain of junk I 'd been staring at for so long . It helped me to actually look forward to getting started and how to keep on the lookout for solutions to recurring clutter problems as I go along . If you are really ready to do something about your clutter problems , I would highly recommend this book.This book might not do anything for you if you already have your act together . But for the rest of us this book makes an organized home finally obtainable . A kiss for the people at ` Real Simple ' who put this thing together . Thank you for thinking of the rest of us !
 The beginning of the book `` Real Simple
 This is a great little organizer that helps you keep everything in one place . It is broken down by rooms so you can organize warranties , manuals , receipts , handyman numbers , furniture , even paint colors by each room . If you ever sell your house , this would be a great thing to provide the new owners . I highly recommend it .
 This book is one of the best gifts I have ever recieved . I just moved into my first apartment , and was feeling really overwhelmed about getting organized and making the most of a VERY small space . This book has so many great organizational ideas that it actually made me excited to get started . It was a huge project , but thanks largely to this book , I feel really great about my new home and I honestly have never felt more organized -- such a great feeling !!! Thank you so much for all of the great ideas and tips !!!
 I bought this for my son who needs some visual stimulation . He loves to hit the top so the fish swim and the light goes on . It words great . Even if it were n't for him I would still think it is a great product . Fun and yet productive .
 I love this item ! We use the Fish Philosophy in my office and this little pencil holder has been a welcome addition on my desk . I love how the little fish light up and swim whenever movement is detected in the holder . It goes through batteries quickly so I started using rechargable ones . It 's an adorable way to brighten up your day .
 I 'm a medical student so I use TONS of clear front white binders to organize my material . This was an affordable , practical , and durable purchase . In 3 months of use -LRB- carrying them to and from school daily -RRB- ... it 's held up well . No complaints .
 This item functions well . It came in great shape . It is a great size for a laptop . Big enough to have the laptop and a few other items -LRB- pencil holder , stapler , ... -RRB- while it is not too big . We are using it to prevent scratching the desk with the laptop . If you are planning on using it for writing and plan on having a laptop on top as well , I 'd get a larger one . The gold pattern on the edges is a little cheap looking , but it is fine . It is just very traditional looking , so I would n't put it in your office if you are design conscious and you like a more updated look . It just looks more traditional . It is good quality , and we are happy with it !
 This is very good for protecting or using as a writing area on a desk or table . It 's very smooth for writing and I also use it for my computor monitor and keyboard to protect an antique desk .
 If you have a nice desk that you are looking to protect the top and the finsh on , look no further.This product is competitively priced and the quaility will not disappoint you.I recommend this product .
 I bought this paper for my Epson 3800 looking to print photo 's I had neglected printing and framing for some time . The quality and feel of the paper is great , just like you would expect from any photo processing center . I do n't know how well the output would be on a non-Epson printer , as the ink and printer capabilities have a lot to do with the final output too , but I would highly recommend this paper for a good quality Epson . It 's worth the money and you wo n't be disappointed .
 Outstanding paper for photo printing . Excellent color reproduction . Luster surface is much better for both color and B&W than the smooth gloss papers .
 This is beautiful paper ... it 's thick , it takes the ink from my Epson 3880 perfectly , and the finished product looks like studio quality output . All of the things that you would expect from something called Ultra Premium Luster . However ... I 've found that this paper stinks , meaning that it emits an unpleasant smell that is noticeable in confined spaces . I had a few large proofs sitting in my office for a couple of weeks , and an Unidentified Smelling Object -LRB- USO -RRB- started to bother me and my office visitors . I could not pinpoint the exact smell for two weeks and it was driving me crazy . Did something die in there , I wondered ? Did I step in something in the parking lot ? If it makes you happy to imagine it , I was sniffing all around my office like a bloodhound trying to discover the source . Alas , it was simply the stack of Epson paper behind me that was stinking up the place . I moved the paper to another room , and the smell disappeared ... mystery solved . I ca n't be certain that it 's not just the ink from the printer , or perhaps the combination of the two -LRB- that 's why I did n't take away any stars -RRB- . If you work in a small space like me , this might be interesting for you to contemplate . Otherwise , enjoy this majestic visual media in well ventilated areas !
 For the price , this paper is great for proofing and personal framed prints . I use it with an Epson Stylus Pro 3880 .
 I recieved this product the very next day , in great conditionit was apparent that quality and speed of product and service was important to this storethanksdefinitely buying more in the future
 Very good paper makes our digital photos come alive . Package arrived in good shape and shipping was lightning fast . Price paid was well worth it .
 You need to try this paper if you 've used `` E '' surface paper before . Even on a inexpensive printer the results were amazing . You can imagine the results I get on my Epson 3800 . Thanks Epson!Greg AmmonsAmmons Portrait StudioPendleton , S.C. 29670
 This paper makes beautiful prints on my Epson R3880 printer and exceeds my expectations . The packaging is excellent as well . I highly recommend it to Epson printer owners .
 I bought this paper for my college photography class and have loved it ! The colors come out so vibrant and the paper is of a great quality . I would recommend this to others .
 I like to print 16x20 prints . The prints look wonderfull when printed . I 'm a professional Photographer . I print my own photos .
 I bought this organizer for my desk at work . It was exactly as described . I like the fact that the shelves are adjustable so it allows flexibility in organizing files . I also like that the unit can hold files upright or on their sides . Overall , this is an excellent product and I highly recommend it !
 This is just right for my purposes . All I needed was a place to store a ream of stock paper and some other specialty paper . I like that the shelves move . I wish it were just a bit taller same number of shelves , but I 'm sure there 's another product out there like that somewhere.The back is not display worthy so I would have it backed up to a wall but the rest of it looks very nice .
 This is a beautiful and substantial piece of wood desktop/tabletop organization . It will stay where you put it , especially with the little rubber stick-on pads . It 's very easy to to make the compartments smaller or larger as each divider can be removed and replaced by simply sliding it in or out . You can stack and arrange multiple units , and I believe there are other shapes in the series . I find them best suited to housing small amounts of paperwork that you need at your fingertips , as opposed to sorting and filing larger quantities of papers .
 This wooden organizer is not only very elegant looking but also perfect for his purpose . Good quality , nice color . Came in perfect condition . I ordered two for my home office . Now I 'm ordering again two for my husband 's work office .
 This was our answer to `` paper piles '' . Now we can keep important bills at the top . Each person in our family also has his or her own labeled slot for mail and papers . Using this paper sorter has taken the dread out of going to the post office or kids bringing home papers from school because now I know right where to put it all instead of adding to an already deep pile . The sorter is well made , nice to look at . It has four adjustable trays that slide in and out . That makes for five possible sections . I initially hesitated because I was hoping for a cheaper solution , but it does n't cost anymore than the cost of one misplaced bill . It has worked well for us .
 The Safco stackable document sorter in light oak is well made , and fit my desk needs perfectly , especially for how little it cost . The only thing that would have been better would have been had it been made in the USA .
 After reading other reviews regarding the quality of this item , I was a little apprehensive to order it . But , it 's dimensions and adjustable features were just what I was looking for so I jumped.I am happy that the one I received is made well even though the dividers are a little flimsy as noted in other reviews . The color however , is more red or cherry , than it appears in the images . It does n't quite match the mahogany table I have paired it with , but it works so I will keep it .
 everything that it was advertised to be , a nick on back side due to shipping that glue fixed
 Sorter is solidly constructed , the partitions are easily adjustable . Packing was sufficient to protect it from shipping damage . Online color depiction was accurate -LRB- I got the light oak -RRB- . Planned use is as a desktop organizer for printer papers . Seems perfect .
 I have bought two of these sketchbooks . They are unique and colorful . Good quality and plenty of pages . Pleased with purchases !
 The product came on time and as described . Very large pad so make sure you have enough desk space .
 I bought this organizer for my desk at work . It was exactly as described . I like the fact that the shelves are adjustable so it allows flexibility in organizing files . I also like that the unit can hold files upright or on their sides . Overall , this is an excellent product and I highly recommend it !
 This is just right for my purposes . All I needed was a place to store a ream of stock paper and some other specialty paper . I like that the shelves move . I wish it were just a bit taller same number of shelves , but I 'm sure there 's another product out there like that somewhere.The back is not display worthy so I would have it backed up to a wall but the rest of it looks very nice .
 This is a beautiful and substantial piece of wood desktop/tabletop organization . It will stay where you put it , especially with the little rubber stick-on pads . It 's very easy to to make the compartments smaller or larger as each divider can be removed and replaced by simply sliding it in or out . You can stack and arrange multiple units , and I believe there are other shapes in the series . I find them best suited to housing small amounts of paperwork that you need at your fingertips , as opposed to sorting and filing larger quantities of papers .
 This wooden organizer is not only very elegant looking but also perfect for his purpose . Good quality , nice color . Came in perfect condition . I ordered two for my home office . Now I 'm ordering again two for my husband 's work office .
 This was our answer to `` paper piles '' . Now we can keep important bills at the top . Each person in our family also has his or her own labeled slot for mail and papers . Using this paper sorter has taken the dread out of going to the post office or kids bringing home papers from school because now I know right where to put it all instead of adding to an already deep pile . The sorter is well made , nice to look at . It has four adjustable trays that slide in and out . That makes for five possible sections . I initially hesitated because I was hoping for a cheaper solution , but it does n't cost anymore than the cost of one misplaced bill . It has worked well for us .
 The Safco stackable document sorter in light oak is well made , and fit my desk needs perfectly , especially for how little it cost . The only thing that would have been better would have been had it been made in the USA .
 After reading other reviews regarding the quality of this item , I was a little apprehensive to order it . But , it 's dimensions and adjustable features were just what I was looking for so I jumped.I am happy that the one I received is made well even though the dividers are a little flimsy as noted in other reviews . The color however , is more red or cherry , than it appears in the images . It does n't quite match the mahogany table I have paired it with , but it works so I will keep it .
 everything that it was advertised to be , a nick on back side due to shipping that glue fixed
 Sorter is solidly constructed , the partitions are easily adjustable . Packing was sufficient to protect it from shipping damage . Online color depiction was accurate -LRB- I got the light oak -RRB- . Planned use is as a desktop organizer for printer papers . Seems perfect .
 I 've had this pad for 2 years now , and its still in perfect condition and looks great on my desk . I do n't know what the heck the other reviewer was talking about . I just compared my pad to the one in the picture and it looks exactly the same.The only negative is that it is a bit pricey , but I 'd still buy it again if I had to .
 I try not to be too materialist a person , and am seldom afflicted with `` object lust . '' But as a long-time Anglophile and newly-minted Moleskine addict , when I read about the then-forthcoming City Notebook series , and specifically the London edition , my initial reaction could be described as
 This is a very unusual product and I would strongly encourage anyone considering getting one to be completely aware of what it is before they purchase it . First , if you are looking for a single travel guide to prepare you for your trip to New York -LRB- or anywhere else there is a guide for -RRB- , this is very close to worthless , if not entirely worthless . I would call one 's attention to the title of the product . It is a `` Notebook . '' That means that most of the pages are blank . This literally is a book for taking notes in.So what do you get when you buy this ? Every book in the series follows the same format . First there is a personal information page with address , phone , allergies , family doctor , passport number , then map information with public transportation maps . Then follows information on the various forms of transportation with phone numbers and websites , including cabs , buses , other forms of public transportation , and airports . There are some blank itinerary pages , measurement and speed conversion charts , size conversion charts -LRB- for shoppers -RRB- , then a long series of neighborhood maps , including an index . And that 's it . The final two-thirds of the notebook are blank . The next 20 or so pages are completely blank and unlined for whatever use you want to put them to . Next come several pages intended for writing down names of restaurants , bars , museums , historical sites , hotels , or whatever . The book also comes with unlabeled tabs with stickers to use as desired -LRB- for theaters , concert halls , or whatever you desire -RRB- as well as tracing paper for , as the label says , `` Itineraries or Whatever . '' Finally , there is the usual pocket at the back that is found in all Moleskine products.For some people this is going to be an absolutely useless product . But for many this will be remarkably useful . In fact , I can envision two uses for this notebook . First , those who are planning a trip to one of the places for which Moleskine has produced a book . Let 's say one has consulted the Blue guide , the Eyewitness Guide -LRB- by DK -RRB- , a Rough Guide , the Michelin guide , and the Let 's Go guide . Maybe you 've bought all of these , making for five guides . No way do you want to drag all of these on your trip or more than one on your flight . So what might you do ? You might take the Moleskin Notebook , record into it all the places you want to see , restaurants you want to dine at , museums you want to stroll through , and anything else you want to do while in your destination of choice , and record it there . So the Moleskine City Notebook can serve as a distillation of all the various travel guides , web sites , and other resources you have consulted . And instead of hauling about a large Fodor 's guide , you can carry about this small Notebook that can easily fit into a backpack , purse , should bag , or even pocket.The only downside is that the Moleskine City Notebook is only as good as you make it . If you do a good job of planning your trip , it will be filled to the brim with useful and helpful information . If not , it will be as unhelpful as you have made it.There is a second use to which the City Notebook can be put to use , though it is not one for which it was primarily designed . You could use it for the city in which you live , should you live in one of the cities for which one is made . I live , for instance , in Chicago . I have bought one of these so that I can over time use it to record every bit of helpful information that I might find useful or helpful . I can record what hours the Seminary Co-Op Bookstore -LRB- the real one , not the trade version on 57th Street -RRB- is open . The hours for the Chicago Public Library and the Newberry Library . Phone numbers of restaurants and addresses of bars . And so on and so forth . Granted , these books will only benefit those who live in one of those cities , but for the U.S. New York , Chicago , Boston , Washington D.C. , Seattle , San Francisco , and Los Angeles are pretty populated areas.So this is a very well conceived product though it absolutely has to be stressed that it is a specialized one . Please note
 I took the book with me to London a few weeks ago . Made a note of every little local pub I found as well as tidbits of information that will prove useful next time I 'm in town . It 's just so much more manageable than a clunky old tour book half of the items you never use .
 This notebook came in handy . LOVE the tube map , since we hopped on and off . I also loved to use the book and write down all kinds of notes . Was able to write directions and times spots were open before we 'd leave the hotel in the morning-got to write notes about things I wanted to remember ... its a useful book but its not just information ... that you need your tour books for , but its small , light and handy to carry around during the day while you 're out to help you make your travels easier .
 Excellent layout , maps , easy to read , complete index , informative yet concise , answers most questions I had along the way . Am looking forward to buying notebooks of other cities !
 This is a very unusual product and I would strongly encourage anyone considering getting one to be completely aware of what it is before they purchase it . First , if you are looking for a single travel guide to prepare you for your trip to New York -LRB- or anywhere else there is a guide for -RRB- , this is very close to worthless , if not entirely worthless . I would call one 's attention to the title of the product . It is a `` Notebook . '' That means that most of the pages are blank . This literally is a book for taking notes in.So what do you get when you buy this ? Every book in the series follows the same format . First there is a personal information page with address , phone , allergies , family doctor , passport number , then map information with public transportation maps . Then follows information on the various forms of transportation with phone numbers and websites , including cabs , buses , other forms of public transportation , and airports . There are some blank itinerary pages , measurement and speed conversion charts , size conversion charts -LRB- for shoppers -RRB- , then a long series of neighborhood maps , including an index . And that 's it . The final two-thirds of the notebook are blank . The next 20 or so pages are completely blank and unlined for whatever use you want to put them to . Next come several pages intended for writing down names of restaurants , bars , museums , historical sites , hotels , or whatever . The book also comes with unlabeled tabs with stickers to use as desired -LRB- for theaters , concert halls , or whatever you desire -RRB- as well as tracing paper for , as the label says , `` Itineraries or Whatever . '' Finally , there is the usual pocket at the back that is found in all Moleskine products.For some people this is going to be an absolutely useless product . But for many this will be remarkably useful . In fact , I can envision two uses for this notebook . First , those who are planning a trip to one of the places for which Moleskine has produced a book . Let 's say one has consulted the Blue guide , the Eyewitness Guide -LRB- by DK -RRB- , a Rough Guide , the Michelin guide , and the Let 's Go guide . Maybe you 've bought all of these , making for five guides . No way do you want to drag all of these on your trip or more than one on your flight . So what might you do ? You might take the Moleskin Notebook , record into it all the places you want to see , restaurants you want to dine at , museums you want to stroll through , and anything else you want to do while in your destination of choice , and record it there . So the Moleskine City Notebook can serve as a distillation of all the various travel guides , web sites , and other resources you have consulted . And instead of hauling about a large Fodor 's guide , you can carry about this small Notebook that can easily fit into a backpack , purse , should bag , or even pocket.The only downside is that the Moleskine City Notebook is only as good as you make it . If you do a good job of planning your trip , it will be filled to the brim with useful and helpful information . If not , it will be as unhelpful as you have made it.There is a second use to which the City Notebook can be put to use , though it is not one for which it was primarily designed . You could use it for the city in which you live , should you live in one of the cities for which one is made . I live , for instance , in Chicago . I have bought one of these so that I can over time use it to record every bit of helpful information that I might find useful or helpful . I can record what hours the Seminary Co-Op Bookstore -LRB- the real one , not the trade version on 57th Street -RRB- is open . The hours for the Chicago Public Library and the Newberry Library . Phone numbers of restaurants and addresses of bars . And so on and so forth . Granted , these books will only benefit those who live in one of those cities , but for the U.S. New York , Chicago , Boston , Washington D.C. , Seattle , San Francisco , and Los Angeles are pretty populated areas.So this is a very well conceived product though it absolutely has to be stressed that it is a specialized one . Please note
 My husband & I just returned from our first trip to Paris . I read about this guide in a travel magazine and ordered it before our trip . We had many Paris travel books and decided to take this guide and 2 regular books . The maps and street guide in this small notebook were superior to the maps in the other -LRB- very heavy -RRB- guidebooks and the maps we received in Paris . We walked every day and used this guide extensively . Of course it does not contain restaurant recommendations , that you must get elsewhere . Using this guide , we kept a journal of our visit including restaurants , meals , costs , interesting people we met ... in short , this guide was a gem and a true keepsake of our wonderful trip . In addition to it 's light weight and compact size , it is unobtrusive ... you do n't look too touristy carrying it around . Top rating !
 I bought the Paris City Notebook before our trip to Paris and was n't sure I 'd use it since we already had maps and guides and I brought my PDA . But the notebook came in very handy and I think I 'll buy notebooks for other cities we visit . The thing I liked the most was that I could quickly look at the street map or metro map without being an obvious tourist by unfolding a map or having my nose in a guidebook . I also liked having a place to jot down the names of the restaurants we ate in . I hardly ever use my guidebooks to find restaurants and instead just stop in places that look interesting , so it 's nice to have the names of them recorded . The pocket in the back was a handy place to store restaurant cards or receipts too . I think some waiters thought I was a guidebook writer when I took out the notebook and wrote in it ! I also recorded other things in the book as well , like the phone number of a local friend , new words I learned in French , and the address of a shop I want to visit next time.Overall a nice combination of maps + notebook . Very handy and classy looking too , with the nice hard cover , quality paper , and elastic strap .
 Overview : I bought the Moleskine City Notebook , Paris edition to first plan and then accompany me on a recent trip to Europe . Moleskine bills these notebooks as the `` guidebook you write yourself . '' I did just that
 This book has everything I personally wanted in a vacation planner and is small enough to carry around anywhere . One feature that is cool -LRB- for neat freaks like me -RRB- is the clear sticky inserts that you can put over maps and write on - this way you are not marking up the maps.I only wish that Moleskine had this product out the last time I traveled -LRB- I bought countless books which were not nearly as good -RRB- .
 Exactly what it looks like , Gave this to my brother who is doing a year abroad studying in Paris . He loved it : -RRB-
 This is a great sign for teachers . It arrived fast and was quite large . The shippment was wonderful and it was not bent at all .
 I had purchased another Binder over a year ago , like other couponers . Well , the rings in that Binder did not stay closed so your baseball card holders would get loose and I spent more time putting it back in the rings . This one has a lock feature which is a life saver for couponers . The only reason I gave it a 4 -LRB- four -RRB- star was the look of the Binder . I wish they had Bold colors .
 I got this sign for my son 's art teacher . I think it is great , as it is large and makes a big show to the children .
 The glue is supposed to be for carpets , so that 's why I bought this package . Do n't know if regular hot glue would work , but this did work , though the learning curve for me is long , since I 've not used regular hot glue much . Wish there was some metal tool to push the glued carpet down with , so I used a ball point pen ... glue wants to stick to everything of course , and it 's tricky .
 Dam This Stuff Gets Hot.I Bought It To Glue Paper Clips On The Back Of Some Of My Cat \ Dog Collector Plates.Make Sure You Sand The Back So The Glue Can Adhere To The Plate If Not You Will Lose A Few Plates.I Used A Grinder To Ruff Up The Back Of The Plate A 2 Inch by 2 Inch Area .
 Received message pads very quickly . I was very happy with the product and the fast service . Would use this vendor again .
 I purchased this to make a little custom computer set up in my office . I have a netbook since I travel a lot , but did n't want to worry about files in two places , so I got a larger screen to use along with the laptop when I 'm in the office . This little shelf allows me to place my laptop - open - underneath so the keyboard is visible and accessible and then put the screen on top . The drawer is a fantastic convenience for pens , pencils , stickynotes , etc. . There is a weird cover on the left side that I cant figure out and the cap does n't come off so I ca n't really tell what 's under there . But not having access to whatever that is has not impeded my use of this product and I 'm very pleased with the quality and structure . Height is also perfect for viewing my screen !
 I wanted a monitor stand that would let me raise my monitor by about inches and this stand was perfect . It was very easy to assemble and it is sturdy and well built.The little drawer is a nice bonus .
 Works well , sturdy construction.I have my laptop -LRB- 17 '' macbook pro -RRB- on top of it . It helps clear up some desk real estate for wires and also raises my screen to eye-level -LRB- I 'm trying to get into the whole ergonomics thing -RRB- . I have a few cables in the tray -LRB- do n't expect to put a lot of stuff in it though -RRB- . The tray is approx 11.5 `` W x 1.5 `` H x 7.25 '' DBetween the legs of the stand is about 12 '' of clearance.This is probably more for a printer , but work great for a laptop stand!And It looks good too!Only Con
 Works great . With the option to add a usb/electric port it is the perfect monitor holder .
 Stand works good and good value for the price . It is sturdy and does n't look cheap . The dimensions are off though as it will raise your monitor 8 '' with the 2 metal bracket stands at the bottom.Length x Height x Depth Dimensions are 16 '' x 8 '' x 7.5 ''
 Bought this item for the monitor at work . Wanted to be able to use the area underneath the monitor stand for an organizer since we have tables not desks for our computers . This one did the job . Does require some minor assembly .
 Was as described - got it when they said - no issues - assembly not complex - nice piece for $ 12 bucks -
 The precise measurements are
 I ordered two of these after moving into my new office . The desk was very low and my monitors do not have a height adjustment . I knew there was a chance the 8 '' rise would be too high but tried them anyway . They look great , hold the monitors with room to spare and are sturdy . A 6 '' stand would have been 100 % perfect , but I will happily keep these !
 This has been a great addition to my work desk . It allows me to keep somethings out of sight , but right at my fingertips if I need them . It 's the right size for what I need . Solid construction and nice appearance .
 I bought this product as a monitor stand . It raises my monitor to the perfect eye height for me . I also like that there is space under the unit to store my paperwork basket , and the drawer is handy for small items . I was disappointed in the manufacturing of the product , however . One of the bolt receptacle holes was misaligned and therefore I was not able to get that bolt in . The other 3 hold it fine , but that bothered me .
 Hove you seen the prices on these at staples ? $ 25.00 each Ouch !! There were $ 5.00 each and work as well they may be the same brand who knows ... They are perfect and the cost is great !
 The accordian file was exactly as described on the website . It is sturdy and I expect it to last several years . Shipment was quick also .
 I 've had this working in my home for about 6 months now and it works flawlessly . The setup is really easy - just plug it into your dsl/cable modem/router and the electric supply and that 's all there is to it ! Absolutely no complaints whatsoever . Great value for money especially now with the rebate . .
 Perfect phone system for VoIP . Seamless operation with voicemail and other VoIP functions . Packet 8 now offers 7-digit dialing as well .
 Works great . Improved our reception greatly over the prior phone that we were using with our Packet 8 service ,
 GREAT PRODUCT . I REALLY LIKE IT ONCE GOT IT UP AND RUNNING . IT WAS A LITTLE DIFFICULT FOR A SIMPLE MINDED OLD MAN , BUT I MANAGED .
 I was an early adopter and have used this phone now for a few years . It has literally saved me over $ 25,000 in personal call phone charges when overseas . The Uniden equipment is top notch , the software is stable , sound quality is perfect -LRB- 95 % land line -RRB- and customer support for some minor issues was adequate . I also have the 800 number in the USA , and it also works great . This phone and service has been fantastic -LRB- especially for the price -RRB- and I recommend it to anyone that makes lots of long distance calls .
 Very nice seller to deal with . They were prompt in answering any questions I had ... I do not hesitate to recommend them . : -RRB-
 I am completely happy with this phone , good sound quality , in base and remote . Very user friendly .
 I CHECKED THE OTHER REVIEWS -LRB- THE BAD ONE 'S -RRB- AND I THINK SOME OF THEIR PROBLEM 'S ARE POOR INTERNET CONNECTION 'S BUT LOOKS LIKE VONAGE HAS INPROVED A LITTLE TOO . I DID HAVE A PROBLEM THE FIRST DAY , TWO OF US HAD THE SAME NUMBER . THE SOUND IS BETTER THAN MY PHONE COMPANY.I HAVE HAD IT OVER A MONTH NOW AND I LIKE IT . WHAT I REALLY LIKE IS NO JUNK PHONES CALLS , I KNOW THE LOCAL PHONES CONPANY GIVES OUT MY PHONE NUMBER , HEHE THEY DO N'T KNOW MY NEW PHONE NUMBER AND I PLAN TO KEEP IT THAT WAY . BE CAREFULL WHO YOU GIVE YOUR PHONE NUMBER TO .
 i think that this product is great , because were i work phones are limited and this helps me stay in touch with my family . so i guess you could say that i love my uip1868p phone .
 I do n't really know what the negative reviewers are so shocked and appalled about - it 's a manual type-writer folks . If you do n't want the annoying aspects that come with owning an archaic instrument like this , do n't buy it . Or spend more to get more . Yes , this is a somewhat clunky , bare-bones model , but the price reflects that . This machine is n't intended for documents and term-papers . It 's intended for use on the back-yard patio , writing things for yourself or your friends and enjoying the pounding of the keys and the satisfying sound of the bell and the lever , with no electricity needed .
 I did n't even know they still made manual typewriters when my grandfather told me he wanted one , but when I found this one on Amazon I was very happy . It is solid , sturdy and sold for a good price . My grandfather is happy , too .
 this typewriter is just what an over 50 person wants -LRB- who likes things non technical and slow paced -RRB- My brother likes to write things , mostly for his own enjoyment . However , he should have been left handed , and does not have good penmanship . this machine is just what he needed . it is light weight -LRB- and has a feel of cheap -RRB- but comes ready to go . I liked this product
 I had trouble booting up my new manual typewriter . It took several tries until it was ready for use . I also had some issues installing the anti-virus software , although it did finally install . Once I cleaned the dirty monitor , I was ready to begin typing my novel . About 425 pages later , I held a completed manuscript . I would have liked to see a more powerful CPU and more RAM , but for the money , this is a pretty good typewriter .
 I got two of these for our church Sunday school class , to organize our publications , lesson plans , and printouts . They were an amazing value for the money . I had priced them at Office Depot for $ 69.99 each . What a great deal this was .
 We do payroll for many different companies and this is the perfect thing to keep checks stored without taking up much room . It is built very durable and will not bend or bow from the weight . Wonderful space saver and perfect for an office !
 This unit is very sturdy especially since it is all one piece . I like how it stacks vertical so I have more room on my desk . There is plenty of paper space in each compartment .
 I bought this today for $ 6.97 -LRB- plus tax -RRB- at Walmart . It is mostly plastic -LRB- the sharpening mechanism is metal , as is the crank arm -RRB- , and it was made in China , so I was skeptical . But I bought it anyway . I just sharpened a dozen pencils and it worked perfectly
 Exactly what we wanted in a pencil sharpener . Razor sharp pencils , strong suction base , easy to operate for whole family.We ordered this after being disappointed with another model . This answered the bill .
 I have bought several pencil sharpeners over the years trying to find one that sharpened well , was easy to use & did n't stop working in a few months . I think I have finally found what I need . I have had this sharpener since the fall with no signs of problems . It has the type of rotating metal cutting surface that you find in school sharpeners so it does n't dull & clog quickly like the blade type . I did n't want to have to permanently install it & the suction works great on any smooth flat surface . As has been pointed out by other reviewers most of it is plastic but the crank & sharpening mechanism are metal . It has always been my experience that the cutting mechanism has been the first to fail . The plastic does not seem overly flimsy so with reasonable care I expect that it should last many years .
 got it for my grandkids and they loved that it was just like the one in their teachers rooms . It makes their pencils nice and sharp and easy clean up .
 I have been using this sharpener for a few days , bought it mainly for my 2 kids so they could share it for homework . In general it is adequate for their use to sharpen regular and colored pencils . For some reason my kids enjoy sharpening pencils manually rather than with an electric sharpener , so if it gets them excited about doing homework then I am all in . Overall I would say its a good product new , ca n't say yet how long it will last.There are 3 main observations I would pass along :1 -RRB- There is only one opening for a &#34; standard &#34; size pencil . Works for most things that my kids use but it will not fit some of the fatter pencils . This is obvious looking at the product picture , but I just wanted to point it out specifically since it is a slight limitation . It is very nice to have the see-through plastic so you can see when it needs to be emptied .2 -RRB- The sharpening mechanism is just like the good old ones from my grammar school days with the rotating barber-pole-type of cylinder . The really weird thing is that there is only ONE of them in the product . Typically there would be two , one on each side . But this unit only has one . Still sharpens OK , not sure how that will affect the life of the product .3 -RRB- The vacuum base works great . I affixed it to our Corian counters and to the glass countertop on their desks and it held up just fine . I really like being able to bring it around to different places in the house .
 Excellent sharpener . We do have to &#34; re-suction &#34; nearly each use , but we wanted something we did n't have to attach permanently , so it 's great for my 7 and 9 year olds to use on their own .
 Does what it is supposed to do . Vacumn seal to hold it still works well . Good product for the money
 For the price , It 's a good deal . It does what it 's supposed to do . It 's a real bargain for the price .
 Struggled with cheap little plastic sharpeners for too long and finally got tired of the wasted time and broken tips . Bought this and USA Green pencils and problem completely solved . With only about two turns the sharpener transforms a totally dull pencil to one with a perfect point every time . Not only saves a bunch of time , but I think the pencils will last longer as well since so little wood is lost during sharpening . It seems built well enough to last a long time as well . You do need a non-porous surface -LRB- i.e. not wood -RRB- for it to stick , but once it 's stuck it ai n't going anywhere and is very stable . I also like the see-through container as it 's easy to see when it needs to be emptied . Very happy with this sharpener and would recommend it highly . By the way , the Green pencils also work great and I have n't had any broken tips since using them even though the kids frequently drop them . And as the name implies they 're all natural with no questionable chemicals used to make them , which gives me nice peace of mind . Anyway , if you find yourself wasting time and energy trying to simply sharpen a stupid pencil get this sharpener and these pencils and you 'll wonder why you did n't just get them sooner .
 WORKS GREAT ON LEVEL SURFACE . HARD TO START SHARPENING BUT ONCE IT GETS GOING WORKS GREAT . WOULD RECOMMEND TO ANYONE .
 This sharpens the pencils to a perfect point every time , and the base holds tight to the surface it is on .
 I 've been using this machine for a year . I originally purchased it in December 2003 , but when I set it up , the phone ceased to work . My roommate and I decided that it was the ancient hardware within the apartment , so we simply did n't use an answering device . I moved in June 2004 , and using the same equipment -- both telephone and answering machine -- it has worked almost flawlessly since it was set up . I say `` almost flawlessly '' because the only trouble I 've had with it since moving is the timestamp . The date and time kept getting messed up , so now I simply do n't set it . I believe it was our frequent power burps that messed up the timestamp , rather than the actual machine . I think the machine simply does n't keep the time in its memory if it 's momentarily without power . I have n't suffered from lost messages though , and if I was choosing between accurate timestamps but no messages , or messages with inaccurate timestamps , I prefer what it gives me -- messages without accurate timestamps . My phone has caller ID which keeps the proper time , and I use that timestamp when it 's important for me to know when a message was left . If that 's not an option for you , choose another machine , but otherwise this one is a great low cost work horse . Clarity is acceptable . There are n't many exciting options , but it 's cheap , reliable , and compact . I do use the remote access occasionally . It 's possible to tweak the options pretty well , even though there are n't many options to begin with . If you want to save a message as new so the phone will continue to pick up after two rings , or your roommate will know to check the machine , you simply have to press `` stop '' prior to the completion of the last message . The light continues to blink and it behaves as if you 'd never touched it .
 Simple to set up and works great and at this price better than paying for voice mail at phone company .
 Just your basic answering machine . Very simple and easy to use and a good value . I bought 10 recently for my employer . They last for years , there 's no battery and no maintenance . Never had a failure or a DOA.The settings are intuitive and you do n't need the manual to use it . I pair them with low cost commodity cordless phones . Initial total cost is comparable to expensive phones with built-in answering machines , but answering machines last longer ; cordless phones die after a few years , and models change every few months . Replacement phone batteries cost as much as a cheap phone , assuming you can even find one that fits . If you do , it has probably been on the shelf for years and is as useless as the original . The only downside is an extra wall wart and another cord to trip over .
 Works quite satisfactorily -- just your good garden-variety bare-bones phone machine . Three minor quibbles
 I purchased this unit last week and so far am satisfied with its performance . Getting the memories set up was a bit time consuming . I 'm not particularly impressed with the styling of the base unit-would have preferred a more rectangular shape with larger buttons . The audio on the answering unit should be made a little louder and clearer . I ordered it thru J&R Music and was astonished to find it on my doorstep the very next day!I purchased this unit to take advantage of my new Caller ID service and to replace an older At & T Desk unit and Casio answering machine . To sum up , I would reccomend this unit for its overall good performance and reasonable price .
 muy buena opcion , tiene buena memoria y esta muy bonito , tiene buena fidelidad y cobertura .
 I purchased this phone and got a great deal . I 'm very happy with my phone and its excellent quality .
 I wanted a corded speakerphone with a good answering machine and had just about given up until finding this model . In particular I had tried a GE model but had to return it as the answering machine audio was terrible , the transmitted audio from the handset was poor , and one week after getting it the answering machine cut off all messages in 3 seconds or less.Here are some basic impressions of the AT&T ; model . I do not have Caller ID and so can not comment upon those functions.What It Is
 This is a lot of product for the money . I have n't seen this quality instrument for the price anywhere . Takes a little getting used to for the button sequences for daily operation but soon one learns it . The lighted display is bright and clear . It becomes initialized as per the buttons you press and auto shuts afterward . The answering machine is right up to par as well . Why 4 stars then instead of 5 ? I find that the volume output of the speakerphone is too low for some calls . Taking that into account , you can not go wrong with this item .
 AT&T ; 2.4 GHz Dual Corded / Cordless Telephone Answering System 1487Works great and comes with extra cordless phone . Has answering machine and speaker phone also . Buttons big enough to see , volume loud enough to hear . Could n't ask for more - especially for the price .
 Bought this one a couple of weeks back . It is a decent phone , with standard features . There is a slight noise in the cordless handset sometimes , but that is not very often . The speaker is quite good , and so is the mic .
 But the color is much darker than the picture , it i snot light blue it is very dark blue . easy and comfortable for everyday use . very nice eraser easy to use . looks very nice too .
 I do n't know why the previous reviewer was so negative but maybe she received a faulty one . ThIS WIRELESS PERSONAL PAGER works very well.The chirp is loud and definitely reaches across our large house . Also the 12V battery is already installed in the transmitter so all you would need are AA batteries . There is a belt clip on the receiver and the transmitter is on a neck cord .
 I 've had my old Brother labelmaker for quite a while now , and loved it . Then I got a new labelmaker to try , and though it fit in my hand and made great labels , it was n't QWERTY . So , since I 'd found those labels I 'd made so useful , I dug out my old labelmaker , that was QWERTY , and found it empty . Bought these new spools of labels , and they are great !
 Brother PT-1280 P-touch Electronic Labeling SystemVery Light and Portable to use the labeler at any point of time .
 After using the product for several days , I determined that part of the lower case `` h '' was missing . I notified the vendor and they promptly credited my account . GREAT SERVICE !!!!
 If you still use a word processor that uses the daisy wheel technology , like my mother , then get one at Amazon.com . The performance is fantastic and helps keep the word processing machine as if you bought it yesterday . The Brother 411 Brougham 10-Pitch Daisy Wheel should be used with a Brother machine to get factory results if not better . Amazon , the Brother Daisy Wheel and the Brother Word Processor , together , `` Rose to the occassion '' to keep my mother 's machine going ! Thanks Amazon !!
 The new daisy wheel is perfect . I paid the price for `` quick ship '' because I needed to use my typewriter ASAP . Upon arrival , I took the old wheel out , inserted the new one , and started typing . It was amazing !! Thank you , Amazon .
 STILL need and like my original typewriter to first create all of my hundreds of writings and NOW first 600-page novel
 I was having trouble with my brother typewriter printing random letters that did not match what was typed . This new daisy wheel was the solution . Typewriter is working perfectly again .
 Hard to find item , Received it allot sooner than I expected . Great place to shop . I would deal with this company again .
 Very difficult to get in New Zealand and the cost was much betterThat 's allNothing else to say . Bye
 When my word processor went crazy , I knew my daisy wheel was to blame . I was pleasantly surprised to find that Amazon could quickly supply me with a replacement wheel - and a `` brand new '' one at that . Amazon really saved my day .
 These folders were just what I was looking for instead of a school folder . They are great quality and have a business card holder available -LRB- which is what I was looking for -RRB- The fit regular printing paper size sheets and have a tab in the corner to keep down papers . These were a great purchase and I will reorder them when the time comes .
 I purchased these for the office . They were the product I expected and a much better price than I have paid before .
 We present a Kindergarten first ride program . Children always like to receive something when at the program . These name tags are fun and enable us to call the children by their name at the program . Especially when there are 40 or more
 The 407 is a light office duty stapler , handles about 9-10 sheets comfortable . Also dependent on staple brand as well . A good model for my uses .
 I like everything about this chair except its somewhat limited range of height adjustment -LRB- probably not a concern for most , but I use with a desk that 's unusually high -RRB- .
 i threw my old panasonic phone against the wall and it did n't work very well after that . so , i had a good excuse to replace it with a new phone with the features i wanted -- 1 -RRB- a set of cordless phones , one base , and an additional charger i could keep in the other side of the house , 2 -RRB- digital answering machine because i screen my calls , 3 -RRB- caller i.d. and stored numbers . all of these for a great price . it was about $ 50 in comparison to most comparable phones for $ 130 . i really wanted to have one phone that had two cordless handsets and only required one jack in the house , that could be on both sides of the house in case of emergency , or to reach at night before the answering machine picked up , without running across the house to the charger.what i did not expect
 This is my second purchase of the same phone . I am having the first piece for more than 4 months now and it is working pretty fine . The reception -LRB- with my vonage connection -RRB- is very good . Also , the price is decent in amazon.com.On the flip side , the second handset records the calls taken through the first handset as missed calls -LRB- and vice versa -RRB- . The phone numbers stored in one handset does not automatically get into the second one.Anyway , for the money that we pay , this product is worth !!
 ... and quality . Of the choises , this filled my needs the best . I am very pleased with it
 GREAT FAETURES , DIRECTIONS EASY TO UNDERSTAND , DOES EVERYTHING IT SAYS IT WILL DO . . GREAT RANGE ; MUCH SMALLER AND COMPACT THAN AN OLDER VERSION OF THE SAME MODEL . GOOD BUY ! : -RRB-
 I like the phone but have 2 minor complaints . The buttons are quite small and are a little difficult to punch accurately . Second , the buttons are not backlit , so they can not be seen in the dark . I need to make calls in the middle of the night , so this is an annoyance for me . The reception and battery life are good .
 This system has lots of great features . It 's very easy to setup and use . I would highly recommend it.The clarity is second to none for a system at this price . After going through a few of these systems I 'm sticking with Panasonic.I threw my AT&T cordless system out !
 This phone is almost perfect . Perfect functioning , perfect quality of hearing and sound . Good price , not expensive.Only two negative points
 We did n't need too many frills for our home phone -- just something with good reception and speakerphone capabilities . This phone was just right and came at the right price . We have had it for several months and have been very happy . We especially liked the second handset that does not require a phone jack . Would highly recommend this phone .
 I purchased this as a gift for an elderly friend , and she was able to program in her Phone Book of number she calls herself . It 's easy to use and works great !
 This phone is not so small that it is very difficult to use . Things today are made much smaller , but those things do n't work well if you are handicapped .
 I was looking for new phone and I was at my sons house and he had just got the model I purchased *** It is easy to use -- compact and the price was right ** I would recomend anyone to buy it ***
 This phone set works perfectly and is a good value , but the compact handsets have small buttons . Their size and the hard-to-read , yellowish labels make it challening to find the desired buttons .
 I bought this phone about 2 weeks for myself mainly because I was curious about the talking caller-id . It works well and pronounces the name accurately to my surprise . I then got one for my mother who loves it . She told my aunt about it , now she wants one . I guess I 'll be buying another one for her . Initially I was concerned because the volume was low even though I had it turned up to the max . After a few days it started getting louder . Now it 's loud and clear . The same thing is true for the phone I got for my mother . She like the handset because it 's light and fits comfortably in her hands . This phone has great features and is easy to use and set up .
 Beware , per Panasonic 's website , this is a ONE line phone . Still , I own several Panasonic cordless phones and they are quite simply THE BEST there is . After spending years with other brands , Panasonic definitely won me over and continues to do so .
 I bought this phone as a gift . The recipient likes the speaker feature on the handset and the booster capability .
 Its a wonderfull wireless phone with a xtra handset and digital answering system to have . All the time I say thanks for the advange of the technologie , no way to compare this one 5.8 Mhz with the old 2.4 Mhz or worse 900Mhz , you will be surprise with the quality of KX-TG5632M . -LRB- this one is from the PLATINIUM line of PANASONIC -RRB- and at this price $ 62 ? . Buy this one dont be afraid you will be proud of your purchase .
 Am really happy with this product . Fantastic signal , easy to set up , does not interfere with my laptop signal . Am so glad I read the reviews and chose this product . For once I feel like I picked a winner on a cordless phone .
 I bought this phone because I read other people reviews on it . It 's almost ideal phone given it low price and features . Has very long range , I use it within my house and outside of it . I noticed that sometimes volume is not high enough , but may be because I have VOIP service . I recommend this phone highly .
 I always fear reviewing an electronics item like this soon after buying it , because you ca n't speak for the durability/longevity of it . But this is a great unit out of the box . I have n't had any of the volume problems that some other reviewers of Panasonic phones experience . Having the 2nd unit -LRB- but not needing a phone line -RRB- is awesome . The main unit is in the kitchen , and the 2nd phone is in my office .
 Great phone . Works great , good range . The second phone does not need a phone line - it gets signal from the main base unit . Nice options . A good buy .
 I 've always purchased the cheap , K-Mart specials over the years and just thought there would always be A LITTLE static , or the voice quality over the phone could only be SO good . About 9 months ago , though , every cordless phone in the house had a problem . Finicky buttons , 15 minute battery life , you name it ! I finally got sick of it and did some research . This system was on sale for $ 75 at the time and I decided to take the plunge , and looking back I would have paid even more!I work from home a day or two per week , so I need to dial into conference calls quite regularly . Having speakerphone on each handset , with the mute function was my biggest need for the new phones , so it 's great to have in this system . People at work can barely tell that I 'm on speakerphone - so that 's an added bonus . The battery life has been really good for me too - I get an entire day of calls in -LRB- at least 3-4 hours -RRB- and still have half the battery left on the indicator . I 've never completely drained the battery in this phone through normal use - and I 've given it every attempt to ! : -RRB- Voice quality is crystal clear and I do n't even use the voice enhancer . I keep the base unit upstairs and turned on the visual message indicator -LRB- LED on the handset blinks when there 's a message -RRB- , so when I get home from work I do n't have to go upstairs to check the messages - they play through the handset I keep in the living room.I have already recommended this system to friends and family . The two-handset system is great for me and most friends in smaller condos / apartments . My mother just bought the three handset system for her larger house to replace all of her aging phones ! We could n't be happier !
 I ca n't say anything negative about this phone . We bought it because our 1 year old Uniden 's started fuzzing up on us just throughout our 1200 sq ft. house . I love these phones . They have a ton of features , speaker phone I love especially , and the range is tremendous . This is one of the best phones I 've ever owned , aside phone panasonic 's 900mhz phone we had when I was little .
 I bought this phone a couple of months ago and have used it constantly . It works great . Voices are very clear . The keys make dialing very easy , and I especially like that . This is the best cordless phone I have ever owned .
 I like this phone . The answering system works great and has enough bells and whistles one needs . The sound quality is great and I hear no static . If I were to identify an area of improvement , I would say the voice quality in hands free mode.Amazon delivered on time and according to our expectation .
 The system does the job we bought it for . The missed call part is kind of annoying , if you answer a call with one handset or another phone at home , the other handset will list it as `` missed '' . After a while , it becomes useless since you wo n't remember if it was a real `` missed call '' , or you actually talked with the caller with another phone . The other thing is once I turn on the speaker phone , I ca n't figure out how to turn it off without hanging up . Maybe it 's time to check the manual . Overall it 's a nice phone . No regret .
 I have no major complaints about this phone , it works quite well . My only issue is that when you save a phone number on one handset , you can not retrieve it from the other handset so you have to save all your favorite numbers twice .
 This phone works great , looks sleek and is a great value for the price . I have no complaints . This is also the best deal that I have seen for this exact model . Great job , Amazon ! Thanks .
 seems to be a good product so far . the handsets are a bit small for holding with your neck but everything works fine , caller id , redial ect are all fine features . we had an older panasonic portable phone from the 90s that was still working good but the wife wanted to update to something with more features and since the old panasonic had worked so good for so many yrs we chose to buy panasonic again . the old phone is now hooked up in the basement and still working .
 Worth the money . Does what its supposed to do . Sound quality a bit low when used without the speakerphone , but the speakerphone is very audible .
 I always buy Panasonic phones . They just have the nicest features and are simple to use . This model is very stylish ... love the color ! Also , I like the speaker phone on handsets and the ease of use adding phone numbers to the phone book program .
 Upgraded my home office to this phone from a 2.4 GHZ Uniden phone that did n't have the range I wanted ... if I walked into another room , that phone would get all static-y . I 've had this phone for a week , and so far it 's been great . My 11-year-old son helped me set up and program the phones ... quite easy , once you read the manual . My 9-year-old daughter likes to use them for intercom purposes.Best of all , the `` giga-range '' technology makes the call crystal clear ... no matter where I am in the house . I 've taken calls from client from all over the U.S. and I 've been able to move around as I need to without giving up call quality.The only downside I can see so far is that they do not come with a belt clip -LRB- even my daughter pointed out this flaw -RRB- . Not good for when I 'm moving around the house.But so far , given the excellent phone quality , I can live without a belt clip .
 Thus far , it has worked flawlessly . Time will tell , but just the feel suggests that it will far outlast my cheap VTECH phones . Before buying this one , I considered the Uniden . My mother-in-law bought that one -- lousy reception ! Glad I went with the Panasonic -- would buy again in a heartbeat .
 I received my phone in a timely manner and it was in great condition . I love my new phone . I have always bought cheap phones , but this time decided to get one that would last a while and have good sound quality ... I am very happy with my purchase . Great service !
 These are great phones , and so easy to program . Instructions are hardly needed . I was always dragging the phone up and down stairs with me , now I have one in both places . Love them !!!
 THIS IS A VERY NICE PHONE . I 'VE HAD NO STATIC OR PROBLEMUSING IT.IT IS VERY CLEAR . I WILL GIVE IT A 5 STARS RATE .
 It was an excellent purchace , combining best quality with best price . The procedure of posting the item was so fast - it was arrived 2-3 days earlier - IT WAS A REAL EXCELLENT SERVICE -
 It was really easy to install and the voice clarity is really good . It does not interfere with the wireless internet in my home and I love the speaker phone feature .
 I was n't so happy with a phone in a long time . The range + clarity is great . So are the features and user friendly interface . -LRB- Just a shame Panasonic does n't manufacture more in the states -RRB-
 This is a great cordless phone with a tremendous distance range . Easy to use , long battery life and good reliable sound . It arrived promptly and exactly as advertised .
 My only complain is name & number does n't show up at the same time . Other than that its a great phone , long battery life , good reception and does n't mess up my wireless internet connection like the 2.4 ghz phones did .
 This is the best phone on the market ! We have gone through phone after phone -LRB- good names too ! -RRB- and none ever lasted , the phone outranks any I have ever owned . I recieved mine as a gift and liked it so much I then bought this one as a gift . I would highly recommend this phone -LRB- or the similar Panasonic models -RRB- to anyone looking for a great phone !! Worth every cent !
 I picked this phone because of reviews and the great price . I have only one problem and that is the static when I am talking . I have done all the trouble-shooting suggestions to no avail . Otherwise , it is good . I have n't called the helpline yet , however . I probably just need a child to show me .
 I have tried many different cordless phones in our current house . This one by far works the best . I have tried 2.4 and 5.8 GHz phones and they all have interferrence . These phones do n't seem to have any in any part of the house .
 This cordless set gets very good reception , though I 've found that no cordless set is as good as the old-fashioned wired phone . Still , this is the best wireless set we have ever owned , and we have owned several . The answering machine and speed dial are easy to figure out . I would recommend it to those seeking a good wireless system at a good value .
 I have gone through a number of cordless phones in the past decade and this is the first that I think is a keeper . The things that I love the most are items that I did n't even realize it had ! My very favorite is the way you can check your machine from the phone itself , so it does n't matter if it 's in a sort of out of the way place !
 The telephone is user friendly and very well made . I like the speaker phone feature because I do not have to bring the handset close to the ear . The price is also reasonable . I rate it five stars .
 Love it and do n't have a problem with it . Recommended and best for your money .
 Just very minute things that I would change about these phones . They are great . They perform very good , great sound/connection . I would make the redial button at the bottom and the keys would light up , other than that it is a great phone .
 After using the two cordless phones combo answering machine for the past 2 months I am completely satisfied . They are easy to set up , work flawlessly and really make our daily lives much easier and more convenient . There is nothing I could improve on . Purchasing from Amazon is easy , fast , economical and problem free . I give all a 5 star rating .
 I am very happy with the phone I purchased . it does what I want it to do . I am so happy with amazon . lThey always meets up to expectations .
 The phone works great . Has all the features I wanted . Highly recommended .
 Works pretty good and voice is very good.Only con is missing key pad on the base.Also found that some times sound going low .
 pros
 Great Item . Got it in little more than 5 days -LRB- although I opted for 3-5 days shipping -RRB- but is a fantastic item qin quality of the sound . Little too costly compared to other brands but hmm . . its Panasonic right .
 Easy com line talk with the separate signal booster and charger base . Excellent choice on my part . Wife likes it too .
 We had a Uniden before and thought it was the best . However , the Panasonic beats the Uniden hands down .
 phone has quite good voice quality , reasonable range , and loads of features . However , menu system is far from intuitive , making it confusing to re-locate incoming call numbers .
 Offers solid features , superior voice quality , and excellent performance in a sharp , eye-catching package .
 Have used it for several months . 2 handsets are great ; I leave one on the end table and have the other one charging -LRB- I do n't use the small recharger -RRB- . Clarity and distance are excellent . It seems that the battery does n't last as long as advertised , but this is a small point.Because there are many features , you have to refer to the manual . Once you get familiar with the unit ; all is fine.For the price , you get a lot !
 Great phone for the price paid . Compact and light weight , and feels good to be able to playback voice mails from either handset , this really helps when you live in a two-story home ... ! Also good to have the option of copying the complete phone book or a single phone entry to the other handset without having to enter it again .
 I love my Panasonic Cordless phones . No problems with them , they get good range , speaker phone is nice . I have no regrets buying this phone , even bought a second set for the business .
 I purchased this phone for my daughter who recently had a baby daughter.Like all proud grandpas I only want the best for my girls . So far this dual handset system makes being a new mother a little easier . My daughter loves to talk on the phone and is very pleased with the KX-TG5632M . Hopefully this cordless wo n't deteriorate over time like most others have .
 This cordless phone works great ! We 'd had other phones that picked up other conversations or static but this one does n't . It has different rings to pick from and the antenna will light up when it rings-which is great if you have children that are sleeping !! We liked ours so well that we bought this for my husbands parents and they are very happy with theirs too !!
 This phone has some of the great features found on most cell phones . It 's user friendly , I especially like having the choice of ring tones and colored light indicators on each handset notifying me of calls or messages .
 This phone does n't interfere with our baby monitors , since it operates at 5.8 GHz . It works great , and I particularly like the programmable colors associated with the ringer -- the babysitter knows to pick up only if the phone flashes green , for example .
 We needed a multi-handset phone for our VOIP service and looked at many out there . We could n't be happier with the Panasonic . It has many more features than we needed , but the sound is clear , the volume is fine and the battery holds for a long time when we forget to put it back in the cradle . I recommend this highly , and we have always been satisfied with Panasonic .
 I do like this phone & they have great customer service on their website w / quick response . The only thing is for some reason the time stamp is 3 hours behind my time zone , no matter how many times I repeatedly reset it . However , I started having this same problem w / my former 2 handset phone . I do have VoIp service , this might have something to do w / the issue , even though my time stamp is correct through my VoIp carrier .
 So far , so good . Much better than the last one we had .
 I 've purchased this about 2 weeks back and I like it so far .
 good phone to buy and the service from amazon was really good ...
 Great sound , and features . The speaker button on the handset saves us so much time ! The remotes are great ! I even bought another whole phone.Now we have `` four '' remotes so to speak -LRB- excuse the pun -RRB- . It was cheaper that way . . And who knows ? Some day one of the answering machine ` bases ' may break ... and we can simply use the ` spare ' one we have on the third floor , now just as a ` remote . '
 Weel built and reception is amazing ... and a live in a flat ... many concrete wall and inspite this reception is great ...
 No complaints about this phone at all - I got it to replace my kitchen wall phone and was able to hang it on the wall in the same narrow space . We 've had it for a couple of months now and have had no problem - sound quality and reliability are great , and we love having the extra handset in our family room , where we never had a phone before because there 's no phone jack . It may be characteristic of all the newer phones , but this phone is loaded with lots of great little extra features similar to a cell phone , like a choice of ringtones that you can customize to individual callers . The messaging system works well and is easy to use since the controls are more or less intuitive . A winner overall !
 I got this phone for my boyfriend and it works really good . He loved the gift .
 I needed to upgrade to a 5.8 GHz phone , because my 2.4 GHz kept knocking me off my computer wireless network . This one did the trick . Good phone with good range . Answering system works great . Only reason not to give it a 5 ? When you scroll through the incoming call log , if it 's a call from a cellphone it will often say `` wireless caller '' and you have to wait for a couple seconds for it to display the phone number . So if you 're scrolling through quickly to find a number to call , you have to often stop and wait for it to show you the number . I 'm too impatient for that !!
 The Panasonic KX-TG5632M is good . It is quite easy to use . Manual is clear . Basically , it provides all I need - clear voice qaulity , handfree speaker , mute and etc. . The only complaint is when one handset picks up the call , the other handset shows a misleading message `` Missing call '' on the panel .
 This phone is fantastic ! I bought it for my parents for Christmas . The sound is clear and there are several ring tones to choose from . It is also easy to operate . The fact that it comes with another hand set was an added bonus . I highly recommend this product !
 I am very much impressed with this cardless phone . The voice is very clear . The surprising fact about this is that the cardless works far away from its base . My friend who stays next to my home tried using it in his bed room . It still works loud and clear !! The between walls and doors could n't stop the signal or break the call.Another fact is that you do n't need another phone line for the 2nd handset . You can simply plug-in anywhere in your house . I love this ...
 I love this pair of Panasonic phones . I ca n't think of anything negative to say about them . Love the size of them in my hand ... the reception is GREAT . You can change to a different ring setting if you like . Very attractive phones in my opinion . Actually , the only thing I think I DO N'T like is when someone calls and leaves a message on my answering machine when your gone ... if you DO N'T come look to see if the RED light is blinking ... you do n't know anyone called . I 'm use to my last phone/message machine ... it had a CHIRP that would make noise to let you know to check the machine . But its NO big deal ... I just have had to make sure to go check it.Other then that its a nice size ... fits in my pocket when I go out front . The RANGE on it is out standing . I have a large house and I am surprised at how far away from the base I can get and still NO static or problems at all . It has an intercom buttom and it actually works really great unlike my other phones . The battery life seems to be excellent ... have n't had any problems at all in over a year that I 've owned these.The menu is easy to use so you can put your personal phone numbers in the phone for easy access . I forget how many it holds ... but alot ! Besides the intercom it also has a speaker phone buttom on it . Also a mute , pause , redial , call waiting , etc. . Its the complete package . The base of both phones takes up NO room at all . These are really great phones and the clarity of voices on the phone is excellent . Its a great buy in my opinion . I would highly recommend this Panasonic phones . If your looking for a nice sized phone that has good RANGE on it with ALL the features for a good price ... this is it.Jan
 I purchased this phone 4 months ago , and have n't had any complaints or problems with it . It is excellent on range and voice clarity , loaded with features , and moderate on battery usage . The small footprint fits anywhere , and the expandable handset and charger come in handy for locations not wired with phone jacks . I think it 's a deal , and lets be real ; all the negative comments posted here are from incompetent users and people who demand too much out of today 's electronics . You 'll like this phone !
 This was just what I wanted . I have had it for 6 months mow with no trouble . My only complaint is I wish it beeped or something when there was a new message . I just do n't see the little flashing indicator .
 This is our second Panasonic cordless phone . The 2.4 GHz model we had worked very well for several years , but it interfered with with our wireless router . This model KX-TG5632M 5.8 has not caused such a problem . The sound quality is excellent . We have not used the extra handset much yet , so we might just save it in case the other one breaks . The separate on and off buttons are favored in our household over the single button types such as used the GE brand . I had purchased my old 2.4 GHz phone mainly because it was larger than the others that I had checked out in the stores . This one is much smaller , not unlike most in the stores . I do n't generally favor the small phones for home use since the microphone is not close to the mouth when the earpiece is over the ear . Also the buttons are smaller than they are on some phones . I wear glasses for reading , and I have to reach for them before dialing or to be sure that I have turned it off after a call . I purchased this one sight unseen after having read numerous reviews . I wish I could have found a larger phone , but , on the other hand , when out in the yard working or walking out to get the newspaper or the mail , it 's easy to slip it into my pants pocket to not miss a call . I have n't tried it farther than a couple of hundred feet from the base , but it seems to work well from that distance . The prompts on the display for the caller ID seem a little illogical , but I guess you never know for sure if that a problem of the phone or the user .
 I bought this Panasonic phone set to replace an old set with dying batteries . Actually , I bought a cheaper Uniden set first but it was awful
 that you can ask for . The only things it 's lacking is a belt holder/shoulder attachment and it would be convenient if the base lit up when the handset is being used , particularly on phones which have more than one handset . Otherwise , they are lite weight , easy to learn and operate and contain NIMH batteries which are one of the best with plenty of use and standby power . After using the phone system for a year , I find two main flaws with it . The first one is that static electricity shuts down the system , which means you have to go through all the trouble of reseeting it . But , if the base had a backup battery , you would n't need to reset .
 This dual handset system costs less than the old single handset portable phone it replaced . The handsets are small and comfortable to use with many great features . The only problem I had at first was getting the ear speaker in the proper position to hear the callers voice . Once you use it a few times the proper location of the speaker on the ear comes naturally . I 'm very satisfied with this purchase .
 I have using this system for about 5 month and it works perfectly fine without any problems . I would recommend this product to everybody .
 Note for all who read this review
 Replaced a two year old AT&T ; 5.8 Ghz cordless that I should n't have bought anyway . That set replaced a prior Panasonic that we gave to our inlaws . Big mistake . AT&T ; phones are made by V-Tech and the battery lasted a little over a year . Went back to Panasonic and glad we did . If you 'll take a little time with the manual , you can eliminate some of the other reviewer 's comments on features , notably the ones that say the ringer can not be silenced . It can . You just have to remember there are 3 -LRB- three ! -RRB- ringers
 I bought the Panasonic KX-TG5632M after trying and returning a Uniden 15198 . I loved the Uniden because it had a corded base phone with a huge called Id display , a satellite 5.8 ghz cordless that sounded great , and an answering machine that made my stuttering voice sound better than it 's ever sounded on an answering machine . So what 's not to love ? The Uniden would n't match the caller Id to names put into the phonebook . In other words if you received a phone call from a cellular caller whom you know , and have entered into your phonebook as `` Jack '' , the caller ID would n't pull the name Jack out of the phonebook - it perpetually says `` Cellular Call '' . As much as I liked the Uniden , I could n't live with this flaw.So how does the Panasonic Kx-tg5632m compare ? Well to begin with I do n't think I sound as good on the answering machine and I do n't think the cordless handset sounds as clear - but I 'm nitpicking really , it sounds very good . The user interface is more complicated , requiring one to go through menus to do things like listen to my messages , that I did on the Uniden with a push of a button . Many advanced features , such as activating the color coded attenna message alert , are n't even on menu pages , but must be accessed though impossible to memorize access codes . These are ADVANCED features however , and I guess Panasonic felt people would n't need to access them often . And being able to delete my messages remotely rather than merely be able to only listen is a definite step up from the Uniden.I feel like I was shot gun forced into this marriage , and I am still warming up to the Panasonic . When I get home and the antenna is already flashing letting me know I 've got messages , I feel that I could grow to love this phone . And the caller ID MATCHES up to 50 -LRB- COUNT 'EM 50 -RRB- names from my phonebook . Bye bye Uniden . Hello Panasonic .
 I have been a great fan of Panasonic phones , and this one is the best yet . Easy to set up , clear sound , great range , and two handsets . Great for those with wireless 2.4 networks .
 Over all this phone works well with my Vonage . The sounds quality is excellent , and I like the ring tones.I only give this product 4 stars due to several functions of the phone :1 . The phone book you added in 1 phone , does not automatically registered in the other phone . You will have to ` send ' your phone book to the other phone .2 . You have to ` clean ' the list of incoming calls -LRB- from the caller id -RRB- in both phones . There is no function to delete it from 1 phone and applied to the other phone . My old v-tech could do this , and it really helps when you have over 30 + calls a day .3 . Related to point # 2 above , if you answer call with phone # 1 , phone # 2 will said you ` missed ' that call .
 I ca n't even tell you how relieved I am to have finally found a great 5.8 GHz cordless phone ! I had replaced a 2.4 with a GE 5.8 and hated it . I recently purchased this Panasonic phone and I can not believe how much better the quality is ! The phone is very well made , the sound is very clear and you have so many options on this phone that I have n't had with others . It allows you to keep a phonebook , you can assign ringers for different callers , choose to have the phone light up different colors when people/different people call . It also has a speakerphone on each unit . It also allows you to conference the other unit in . Unlike my GE phone , when I was speaking with people on this phone they could actually tell it was a different phone ! They said I sounded very clear . I like that this unit also has a ` boost ' feature and a voice enhancer . The reception is great too ! This really is a great phone .
 In past I have used a variety of cordless phones . But , I always had an issue with the life of the phone . None of the phones lasted me for more than 1 year and few months . Last time I bought a Panasonic phone . I 'm extensively using this phone for over 3 years and no degradation in performance . No stuck keys , no faded voice and not even the weakened battery or non responsive battery contacts -LRB- which is a problem with most of the rechargable cordless phones -RRB- . Best of all is the speaker phone on the handset . This made me fan of Panasonic . This is phone is still working beautifully after 3 years of extensive use.Now I needed another phone and have limitation of number phone jacks in my house . So I decided to buy Panasonic KX-TG5632M as it has two handsets hook to one line and a possibility to expand further.The more I 'm using phone , the more I get fond of it . This phone has a better look and feel than the my previous Panasonic phone . The voice quality over the speaker with `` Voice Enhancer '' is extremely good . Best of all it has an intercom feature that is an end to over the floors conversations . Now I can be anywhere in the house and still be able to talk to my wife in the kitchen over the intercom.I 'm impressed by the battery life of the handset . I can pretty much use it without charging for almost 3 days . The 5.8 GHz frequency makes it to work over the long range . I can be out of my house having fun with kids and rest assured that I 'm not going to miss a call.In my opinion this is the best buy for its price with some awsome features and performance .
 This was my first cordless phone and it is the best piece of tech i have bought in years . I love the caller ID , the built in phone book , phone locator , speaker phone . You can give callers not only a ring tone but the color on antenna can be set to red , green or yellow , or a combo of all of them to Id a caller.This phone has made my life so much easier as i never answer calls i dont know and can see who has called me while i was out.The range is excellent as well , as i have taken phone all the way out to my car on street and signal was still perfect . Battery life is excellent as well.I have now had this phone six months with no problems .
 This Panasonic cordless phone is the finest I have ever owned . The sound is clear and static-free , thanks to digital transmission at 5.8 GHz . The phone functions are well thought out , and the MENU button , two soft keys and a four-direction navigation key make the menu choices intuitive . With a little practice , you can operate most phone functions without referring to the manual.The batteries are nickel hydride which give above average service between chargings , and they should last longer than nickel cadmiums . The battery level is clearly indicated on the LCD screen , and a text message tells you when to recharge . Charging takes six or seven hours , and a message tells you when it 's complete.The set comes with two handsets and a digital answering system , which makes the price reasonable . Installation is quick and easy with the clear instructions and diagrams provided .
 This is great set of Panasonic Cordless Answering system . I have more surprise to find the battery it use is rechargable ANYTIME -LRB- like any cellular -RRB- . In the old age , you can only charge only when the phone is in low power , otherwise it will not last long -LRB- old battery type -RRB- . The features are amazing . You can send the phone directory between phone . It 's intercom feature with Voice Enhencer . Also it 's 5.8 GHz frequency -LRB- to avoid running in conflict with my wireless LAN running on 2.4 GHz . IT 'S GREAT PRODUCT !
 I love the features on this phone . The conference calls and intercom works wonderfully . Also , check out the lights on the antenna . The voice enhancer really works ; I can definitely hear better . I have n't had any battery problem yet since I just made this purchase a month ago . Would n't discover this problem until a year later .
 I too , love this phone . I have had problems w/the volume as well , but i also have a not so quiet household w/2 kids . so ... maybe it 's just me -LRB- ?? -RRB- . i love the phonebook option of transfering from one handset to another . i like also the antennae colors . i like different . i 've been a loyal panasonic customer for many many years .
 Phone works fine , and the main features are easy to use . However , this phone has a lot of extra features and if they had a dedicated button for everything the phone would be covered in buttons . So instead you 're typing in menu numbers to access those features . The manual explains it well , but if you lose the manual , you 're sunk .
 Great phone but ... `` GigaRange '' description is not too much `` Giga '' as described . The manufacturer must provide a range in feet where the phone works without intermittent signal.Not satisfied at all with the telephone 's range . Uniden was better on this .
 These phones have very good clarity and all the advertised features actually work . My husband 's hearing is n't what it should be so he especially enjoys the `` voice enhancer '' feature on the handsets . The intercom is very efficient and easy to use . Much to our surprise , even if you are talking on the intercom an incoming call will ring through.Can ' t think of a single negative aspect of this phone system , it was reasonable in price and functions well .
 I have had this phone for years . My other phones just did not do well when I was far away from the base . One day I noticed my neighbhor was out using her phone in the yard . I asked her how did she rate her phone and would she recommend it . She highly recommended it and its been my best phone purchase ever . All around I think its a great phone and a great value . I haven replaced a battery in over 6 + years and I use my phone a lot . Recently my mom has been having issues with buying cordless phones that turn out to be trash . I purchased her one too and its been great for her too .
 This was a refurbished phone I ordered to replace one I left outside in a tree in the rain ! It came impeccably packed with all manuals etc and works great .
 I have had these phones for several years , and have had very few problems . First the good
 I 've had this phone for years now . I 've dropped it , and it still works every time ! I also went to the end of the street recently on a conference call and I was able to hear clearly all the way to the end -LRB- I live in the middle -RRB- .
 Good product ! I have waited to publish this review to see if it holds up ok over time ... and it has !
 We had purchased this system previously for our home and we recently purchased another one for my Mother 's house . The new system replaced an older one plus an answering machine . The system works great and has excellent range . My Mother can sit outside on her patio and make phone calls with no problem . She is happy and so are we !
 I searched for months for the right phones and I have found them !!! These have great reception and work well when I am outside !!
 Works well . Range is decent and no interference from other electronics -LRB- microwave , etc. -RRB- . Only issue is that you sometimes sound as though you are talking in a can , with the feedback you get from other phones . Dont know why and it only happens with certain other phones .
 If you 're going to buy a phone , do n't waste your time with trial and error , reviews , etc. . Reviews are only partially helpful anyway , including this one . Panasonic 's best product is their phones . Range is all that one need be concerned with . If a phone has good range , it has good battery life , good clarity , low interference , and Panasonic 's name on it .
 I have presented to my parents -LRB- India -RRB- . It is working great . Nice features .
 This is my second Panasonic phone . I was looking for something a bit smaller than the previous one I had and this one is a great size . This phone takes up very little space on my counter and the second handset takes up even less space . It was easy to set up the range is great and the speaker phone is quite good . I would purchase this phone again .
 This set of Panasonic cordless phones has exceeded my expectations . The setup was easy . The voice quality is clear and crisp and the range is better than any of my previous cordless phones . The numbers are large enough to easily locate and operate . The phone book is easily programmed and transfers to the second handset . I have a wireless router for my DSL and have experienced no interference from this phone . In short this is a great deal on a great product .
 Has all the options I want , easy to understand , works great , sound quality is clear . The remote phone works just as well , and I can pick up messages anywhere in the house . Just what I was looking for !
 The product is excellent with all the features except the noice enhacement which I feel is no good . Sometimes the voice in the set is too low . . Rest all are fine.CheersPramod
 This is the best phone we 've ever owned ! The sound is very clear , and the detailed instruction booklet is very helpful . We are very pleased with our purchase .
 This is a well made phone with many options and affordable . It has as many options as one would need , in fact more than one would need . The only complaints I have are ones that others have written about . It is a small phone , but that seems to be the norm now . My last Panasonic was just the right size , but the thing now with phones , I Pods , etc. is smaller is better . I tend to multi-task when on the phone and the phone would stay put on my shoulder if a bit larger . Also as others have pointed out that this phone does come two in a unit , and you have to manually delete old incoming calls on each phone , a hassle , but it would n't keep me from purchasing it . Overall this phone has a lot of bang for the buck .
 We 've had these phones for about six months now , and I have absolutely no complaints . We have recommended these phones to friends and family .
 Very good value for the money . This set has a lot of very nice features such as when one hand set is programmed the second hand set is also programmed . I am somewhat hard of hearing but when I use the speaker option I can hear clearly .
 I 've seen the biggest complaints by the negative reviewers are lack of extra features . Well , considering that the phones that have those features are up to 3 times more expensive but that this phone gives you all the quality and a lot of other great features , I can live with it.As for some reviewers claiming poor sound quality , I do n't know if they got old versions of this phone or what but I bought two of these systems and installed them . Now if there was a sound quality problem I should 've found it while talking to someone else while both of us are using the same model phone . We did n't it was crystal clear.I installed the phones in two houses in europe -LRB- bought here and brought them with me -RRB- . One of the phones is in my parent 's house and they do n't hear well to begin with . Tie that will international long distance and we should have real sound quality problems , but we never do.The handsets with the multicolor light up antennas are very cool and the ability to copy all your phone book entries between handsets is another very nice feature.No it does n't come with a speakerphone in the base . If you want that feature you 'll need to spend another 30 bucks for the next model up.I give this phone a solid buy rating . Read over the features first . If there are any that it does n't have that you need , then you 'll need to buy a higher priced model . For price vs. performance , you get a lot of bang for your buck with this phone system .
 I had owned the Panasonic single handset version of this phone for 2 years , and my biggest complaint was no speed dial buttons , and the battery was an earlier type that could not sit on the charger . So I figured I would try the competition . VTech , AT&T ; and GE all make comparable 5.8 gig , dual handset phones in this 50 - $ -LSB- ... -RSB- price range . So I bought at tried them all , trying to find one better than the Panasonic . What a hassle that was . I returned them all . They were all sub-standard in voice quality , generally staticy , and the range was less than optimal.This new Panasonic is virtually flawless , both on both my end , and the caller 's end.I was crushed to find that they still have no speed dialing . Directory , yes , but no 1 button speed dial -LRB- which did exist , sadly , on ALL the other phones . Why Panasonic ca n't add this basic feature , I have no idea . -RRB- But my BIGGEST -- and really only real complaint -- is that for some reason , they no longer supply belt clips with the unit . You must order them as an accessory -LRB- $ -LSB- ... -RSB- each -RRB- from -LSB- ... -RSB- -LRB- part number for model TG5632M is PQKE 10396Z2 . Check your manual for other models -RRB- . They are the first of the phones to delete this crucial item -LRB- for me -RRB- . But all in all , I can save you a LOT of time . This phone is worth a few extra bucks . It leaves the others in the dust . Ignore this advice at your own peril ; -RRB- Oh . . if you insist on checking out the others , a word of caution . The AT&T ; phones have the exact same digital readouts as the VTEch , and I suspect Vtech makes the entire phone for AT&T. ; Since the voice quality of both were terrible , I am even more inclined to think so.Oh , 2 -RRB- All of these companies make terrible headsets , that barely work with their own units . Do n't waste your money on them . The famous headset maker , Plantronics , is finally making a low-end headset for cordless phones and its Model M214C works perfectly on all the phones . It 's only about $ -LSB- ... -RSB- , and available most everywhere . I bought three.Good luck !
 This phone delivers excellent voice quality compared to a garbage 5.8 Ghz phone from uniden I had earlier . I 'd advise everyone to spend a little bit more to get this phone . Will definitely prove more economical in the long run .
 I like the Panasonic phones in general , the last one I owned lasted 10 years and was still working well when I decided to upgrade to a new phone with the lastest features . The handsets are little little small to me , but then again all of the current handsets on the market are pretty small these days . I really like the multi-colored flashing lights on the antennae . We 've color coded VIP callers so we can tell if someone we actually want to talk to is calling from across the room . It 's also great that the phone flashes slowly to let you know you have a message waiting too , which can be accessed directly from the handset which is , well ... handy . You can also syncronized the phonebooks between the handsets so that you do n't have to enter info twice . Another nice feature to this particular phone is that you can add up to two more handsets if need be.I would have given 5 Stars if it were n't for the small handsets and the fact that the VE -LRB- Voice Enhancer -RRB- feature sounds really strange , so therefore we do n't use that feature . Another small annoyance is that there are no belt clips included . For long calls -LRB- like when my Mother calls ... -RRB- I like to use a handsfree headset . Not really doable with this phone as you have to carry the phone around with you .
 I like this phone a lot . a great phone with great features . caller id , address book , speakerphone , . i 'm only giving it 4 stars because one of the things i did n't like is that the caller id does n't show the phone number and caller at the same time . it displays caller , then a few seconds later , the phone # will show , even when you are reviewing your received calls . it 's kind of annoying because i was used to seen it all at once on other phones . it must be that the caller id screen display is small . another thing that i did n't like is that when you dial a phone number and the call goes through , the phone number who you were calling disappears , even before your call was answered . so if you forgot which number did you dial or if you dial it incorrectly you wont be able to see it . except for those stupid issues , which i can live with , it is a great phone and i would recommend it and probably buy it again .
 I like this phone and answering machine . It is easier than most answering machines to set the time . I like being able to store phone numbers and transfer them to the other phone . There are three things I would change to make it even better :1 . I wish the wall mount allowed the phone to be flush against the wall instead of having the bottom stick out at an angle .2 . I wish the phone answered when you picked it up instead of having to press the talk button .3 . I wish the talk button was a little more prominent . It is not easy to see in low lighting .
 My husband and I purchased this dual handset answering system to replace our old Panasonic phone after the answering machine stopped working for some reason . Overall , I think the quality of this phone system is excellent . The handsets and answering machine were easy to set up and program . The sound quality is great on the handsets and the answering machine , and we have n't experienced any problems thus far . The only real complaints I have are about stylistic elements of this phone . First and foremost , I detest the orange display lights . I do n't understand why the phone allows you to change the color of the message indicator light on the handset antennas , but not the main caller ID display window ... that orange is such an ugly color ! I also do n't care for the multicolored base and handset design . I wish the phones and answering machine were monochromatic instead of black and silver . The triple-handset unit comes in a sleek black color , which is much nicer than this unit . I also do n't like the fact that these phones are so much smaller than my old phone was ... however , the market trend seems to be leaning toward smaller phones that resemble cell phones , so it really is n't fair to blame Panasonic for that . I 'm sure I 'll get used to the smaller size over time.In spite of the slight ugliness factor , this phone system is pretty cool . Hopefully it will last longer than my old Panasonic unit did ! By the way , I suggest ordering the phone directly from Amazon ... it 's listed at a much lower price than I paid at Target !
 Nice phones . New as promised and great price . Best around . I really enjoy the long range of the dual handsets . Great Digital/Clear sound .
 Purchased this phone because of
 Great clarity , great range . Basically does what it says . Love the speakerphone feature - it 's very loud and allows more than one person to participate in the conversation . I can leave the handset on the kichen counter , have a couple people on our end talking , and the person on the other end can hear us!Update May09Still works great . Love the phones !
 This unit is very easy to use and the menu items are easily understood . The phone 's and speakerphone 's clarity are outstanding and the range of reception is all I wanted . This is a great home system . I purchased the base unit plus one additional unit . I can already see the need for at least one additional unit .
 The phone works great . I bought it replace an older Panasonic that gave me good service . But the wall adapter is riduculous . The bracket makes the phone look cantilevered into the air . The old adapter was much better . No one at Panasonic cared to design a wall bracket/phone for wall mounting.The real problem is that the old phone had a `` snap in '' feature so the phone could be vertical in the cradle . In this model the phone will just fall out . So they stick the unit out of the wall in the same orientation as is it were on a desk.If you care about aesthetics , give this a second thought before buying.I may build a custom cherry surround so it looks better ... but Panasonic deserves to get dinged for poor design choices on this one .
 I ordered this phone with some skepticism . My wife and I wanted the speakerphone , with the additional handset . We had a Panasonic before , adn it lasted a long time , then we had others that we just did n't like them . Finally , we got this , and really liked it . The speaker is really good , and the range is higher too . I could be several feet out of my house , and I still can talk while outside my house - on the driveway . I have a long driveway - about 4 car lengths , and I still can use the phone.Definately , a good product at an affordable price .
 I bought this as a gift for a family member . They love it and since I talk to them on the phone all the time I can hear the clarity . They told me it was easy to set up and works like a charm . They are very satisfied .
 Excelente sistema , voz clara , recepci&oacute;n n&iacute;tida . Ideal para cuando se tiene limitaci&oacute;n en las tomas de tel&eacute;fono . Adem&aacute;s funciona como intercomunicador permitiendo llamadas entre los diferentes auriculares y se le pueden adicionar hasta 4 aparatos simultaneamente .
 This is decent 5.8 GHz cordless phone from Panasonic , I could n't find any big problem , however if this product can provide Asian language choice , that will be great .
 PROSMuy buen producto , comunicaci&oacute;n clara , exelente dise & ntilde ; oCONTRASNo se puede alejar m&aacute;s de 50 mts de la base
 I just purchased the four handset version of this system last week and I 'm very pleased with it . All of the features are convenient and work well and the voice quality is very good . One feature I especially like is that it can store up to 50 names and phone numbers in each handset . And , once programmed in one handset , entries can easily be tranferred to the other handset if desired . Another convenient feature is that the system can be used as an intercom , with each handset capable of calling the other handset . This is the most complete and most convenient phone system I 've ever had and I like the quality and reliability of Panasonic products .
 I have had the phone for more than a month and I am very happy with it . -LRB- I have a base phone and one satellite phone . -RRB- Volume is good and the features are easy to use . The phone uses a ringer and a flashing light to indicate an incoming call , and I have set different ring-tones and lights to differentiate known callers from unknown callers.The phonebook is very easy to use and the Caller ID review feature is very handy.The only problem I had was that after a few days the Caller ID feature stopped working . I have another phone with CID and it worked on that phone . I simply unplugged the power for the phone base for a moment and plugged it back in and CID worked again.Jim
 Panasonic makes the best cordless phones . Period.This is the third Panasonic cordless phone that I am buying in the last 6 years and each one of them seemed to be overpriced in the beginning , but later proved its worth.This cordless was no exception . + Excellent voice quality + Handset to handset communication + Handset locator + Caller id based ring tones and color bands + Can plug in any handsfree with a 2.5 mm handsfree + Load , clear and echo-free speakerphone capabilityNegatives : - When I plug in a handsfree , I can hear well , but the person on the other end of the line is not able to hear me well.Initially I thought it must be with the handsfree itself , I changed the handsfree and noticed that the problem persists -LRB- even with a plantronics handsfree -RRB- Luckily , it comes with a speakerphone , so I can use the speakerphone when necessary.Tip
 I bought this during ThanksGiving Sale weekend at a discounted price . Thought this unit may be one lacking features . However , it turns out that the Phone has more than what I was lookign for . I had a vtech earlier , and it did not have a Speaker Phone.This one not only has a speaker phone but alsoa voice enhancer which lets u speak clearly with the unit placed a few feet away .
 This is a great product from Panasonic . I have had a minimum of 5 cordless phones in the past 5 years and this one is exactly how described . It 's easy to program and use for even the technically challenged in my household.I have yet to find anything that I dislike about this phone and the additional handset . I love the intercom system and the digital answering machine . I have n't even had to record my own voice -LRB- which does n't even sound like me when recorded -RRB- and can easily understand anyone who leaves a message.The voice enhancer -LRB- VE -RRB- on this unit gives you that extra tweak when a signal -LRB- s -RRB- resources are minimal . I 've only had to use the VE once when I was outside while a train 2 blocks away was passing by.Being able to store up to 50 numbers in the phone directory beats any other cordless I 've ever had . The speakerphone works great whether at the unit or using the handset . Since there are times I just do n't feel like answering the phone , I love the ability to set a designated ring for a particular number . I 've got my best friend and my brother set with individual rings so I know it 's them calling before I ever look at the caller ID on the handset . The flashing antenna is an excellent way to see if I need to drop everything when I get home and see who 's called and left a message.The only thing I have n't yet found for this phone is a belt clip . But , I 'm guessing when I check Panasonic 's website I 'll find one to fit.For less than $ 100 I have two great working cordless phones that I can hear and everyone I talk to can hear me . It 's taken me 5 + years to find this one and I seriously believe it will be the last phone I ever have to purchase , outside of a cell phone at some point in time .
 The answering system is very un-complex and easy to use . The voice quality is excellent -LRB- I bought it in the first place because our previous system changed the sound of people 's voices -RRB- . Synchronizing the two handsets is also easy and convenient . The one feature that could have made this phone better would have been a brighter light on the handset or a larger font size -LRB- or both -RRB- . Particularly when I need to scroll down the contact list , I often have to move closer to a window or put on a pair of reading glasses to read the text on the display .
 Like anybody these days , we have plowed through the gamut of corded and wireless phones . I put a little time into research before I bought this Panasonic phone and it was worth it ; the unit is a winner and satisfies it just about all respects . It is easy to use and set up and has performed well . I especially like being able to set up a phone book on one handset and beam it to all the other handsets . The intercom feature also gets a lot of use since we have three floors to cover . I have also made use of the custom ringtones -LRB- and even the color of the flashing LED on the antennae -RRB- so I know when I do n't want to pick up the phone -LRB- i.e. when the in-laws call -RRB- . There is even a speakerphone . The handset is solid and feels good in your hand . The voice quality is good - not as good as a corded phone but much better than the other wireless phones I have tried . In addition , the 5.8 GHz frequency does not interfere with our wireless computer network.This is a phone we will be using , happily , for a number of years .
 Have had this phone system for about a day now and would have given it five stars except the phone has no belt clip , the buttons are not illuminated and you ca n't transmitt the ring tone and antenna light up indicator codes from one phone to the other . Other then that we love this phone.Here are the pros and cons I have noticed so far.Pros :1 . 3-Color Light-Up Indicator on the antenna programmable to callers in the address book . We love this as we can see at a glance if it 's a friend or not when you ca n't hear the ring tone because we are watching a loud movie .2 . Save and transmitt phone book numbers and names to the other handset . Now I do n't have to retype the numbers and names into another handset after doing the first one .3 . Ability to listen to and control messages from the handset . I do n't have to get up from the easy chair to check messages on the answering machine .4 . Really crisp sound with the voice enhancer off , we actually thought it sounded better this way then most phone I have ever used .5 . Built in answering machine means no seperate wires and one less thing to clutter the desk . My wife hates wires .6 . Interrcom , we can talk to each other on the handset from each side of the house .7 . Speaker Phone , now I can talk while I work on the computer !! How many times have I had to try and hold the phone on my shoulder while talking or being talked through something on the computer .8 . Frequency does not mess up our wireless router . Used to when I was on the old cordless phone we had it would knock my daughters lapttop off the wireless router and she would say `` Dad !! The Internet is down '' and I would have to reply `` Sorry , I 'm on the phone ! `` Cons :1 . No belt clip , would be nice to have when I 'm out working in the garage .2 . No illuminated buttons . How can I place a call by dialing a number without turning on the light and waking up my wife or going in another room ? 3 . 3-Color Light-Up Indicator programming does not transmitt from one phone to the other . I have to program in after transmitting from other phone .4 . Programmable phone book tones do not transmitt from one phone to the other . I have to program in after transmitting from other phone.In closing I have to say I am very happy with this phone !!
 We 've had these phones for about six months now , and I have absolutely no complaints . We have recommended these phones to friends and family .
 This was purchased as an upgrade for an old portable phone . This one comes with two handsets which are convenient and act as walkie talkies if one person is outside and one is in and wants to page the other . The range is very good -- The speaker phone aspect is also helpful when you want to talk handsfree -LRB- or are stuck on hold for a very long time -RRB- you can use the speakerphone and wander at will knowing you 'll not miss the call when they finally pick up.All and all very good value for the price .
 I 've been using this phone for a few months now , and it is truly an excellent phone . Battery life for me with normal use is around 5 days , without ever docking it in that timeframe . The call clarity on this phone is also great , and , if for some reason your call does n't sound that good , you can turn on the `` Voice Enhancer '' feature on the phone to help with that . This phone is truly a winner . My grandparents got it on my recommendation , and even they love it , and they 've hated all the phones they have used in the past 5 or 6 years.This phone provides great bang for the buck , as it comes with 2 handsets , and is very affordably priced . I would highly recommend this phone to anyone who 's in the market for a new cordless phone , as it 's simply a great phone .
 Phone works great . Quality product and not some cheap Vtech like phone.Keeps charge for a long time . Has great features and was at a great price .
 I had a panasonic before this phone and I loved it , the battery went after three years . This model phone is just as good at a great price . I love the functions and being able to set ring tones and color of the light band for different callers . The people of the other end are clear to hear.The caller ID did stop working ... but I followed the instructions on how to fix it and it worked . I have n't had a problem since . I highly recommend this phone to someone who is picky about their phones ... like I am !!
 I almost did n't buy this phone based on negative reviews that I read . The MUTE button is a softkey -LRB- in the upper right hand corner -RRB- that is only visible while you are on a call . It have great sound quality -LRB- I am using VoiP telephone service -RRB- . I have been using Panasonic cordless phones for over 10 years and find that they last longer and work better than the other brands . The only feature that this phone is missing that my other Panasonic has is lighted keypad , but the display does light up . I would have liked the Caller ID to show the name and number on the screen at the same time .
 This is the best cordless phone I have ever owned . It is sleek , has great features and the sound quality and sound enhancement feature is excellent . Also , the price through Amazon was sustantially lower than what was on sale at the big discount electronic stores in my area . I bought a second one for a vacation property .
 Set up was very easy for the basic use . Need the manual for complicated things . Does not interfere with wireless . Clarity is better than my AT&T . Phone book and answer service is also better and easier to use .
 I have been pleasantly surprised by this phone
 Have been using this system for several months . After set up , had problems with one of the handsets holding a charge . I contacted Panasonic via email . They immediately responded with possible solutions which worked ! Love the system . Set up was easy . This is my second Panasonic system . The first had a tape system which I used for 15 years with no problems . I had two non-Panasonic sytems in between which were not reliable .
 Great phone , OUTSTANDING RANGE !!!! I just wished that for the price I wish it had come with a number pad on the base .
 I use this for my Broadwing VOIP service from Verizon . Since you only get one jack , this is a great solution , as you do n't need another outlet for the 2nd handset . The 5.8 Ghz frequency is great , as it does n't interfere with my 2.4 Ghz wireless router , like my old cordless phone did . I work from home quite a bit , and the speakerphone on these handsets is very good both in volume and sound quality , and they have substantial battery life . Good digital answering machine , also . I honestly ca n't find a thing to complain about .
 I purchased these phones a few months ago . Nice phones . Good answering machine . I 'm very happy with them . There 's a button to put the phone on speaker so if I have to put it down , I can still hear and speak to the caller.The loudness can be increased or decreased when listening by touching the ` up or down ' arrows . It 's also easy to program the speed dial and then find the person you want to call.I like these phones .
 I got this phone because I 'd had some issues with cordless phone interference with wi-fi -LRB- Airport Express , etc. -RRB- I had tried to get a cheap 900MHz phone before but got what I paid for -LRB- junk -RRB- . This is a fairly pricey phone , but you do get an extra handset and charger -LRB- as well as an answering machine -RRB- , which allows you to have a phone in a room with no jacks . Also , it is a very good quality phone and I 'm glad that I bought it.Anyway , i would recommend this phone/answering machine if you do n't mind spending the money .
 This product is just excellent . I have it for a few months now and the voice quality and speaker is very good .
 So far , so good . I have had real good experiences with Panasonic and have not been let down by far . Excellent purchase , fast delivery , excellent customer service .
 This Panasonic set has good clarity , volume and features . Definitely one of the best . The only down side is a brief voice activated lag when talking on speaker phone .
 After having bought several ` cheap ' phones , I am happy with this one . Works reliably , good distance -LRB- about 80 ft , good enough for me -RRB- , works as advertised , what else could you ask for ? I have not been happy with several Panasonic products , but give the devil his due ...
 This is a pretty good phone . Its the best looking phone by far amongst its other brand equals , and comes with the reliability of Panasonic . The cordless unit that this one has is replacing was still going strong for the past 10 years and was a Panasonic as well . Its a shame that no other brand can even come close to Panasonic in terms of design and aesthetics and usability . Basically Panasonic has no competition .
 similar to what I have had for the past 5 years . . works perfectly
 I bought this phone for us for Christmas last year , so we 've had it about 6 months . So far , its worked very well for us and I would recommend it . Setup is not very difficult and there are only a few minor drawbacks.One thing to understand is that almost everything is done via the handset . Each handset has its own calling list , though there is a way to `` beam '' the other handset a number in one . Or , you could just work off the his and hers , if you like . In addition , you can listen to messages on the handset from another room.We run a wireless network and there is no interference here as there would be with a 2.8 g phone . The clarity of the phone is good and we 've gone a little ways outside , so the range is at least decent . Check other reviews if you want to take this thing 2 houses down and use it there.There are a couple of minor annoyances , like with most products . First , the base unit has small and somewhat confusing buttons . It is n't clear upon first glance , for example , how to turn down the volume on a played or incoming message . If you do n't use it much and have to go back to it one day , you might have to look at it for a few seconds to figure it out . The other thing , as mentioned in the title , is the noise made by pressing the buttons . I 'm wondering if I just have n't found a way to turn the button beep off . Perhaps , but it can be annoying for the person in the room that IS N'T using the phone ! Or , maybe , that 's just me.Anyway , Panasonic makes a quality product and this phone is no exception . Get the version of this phone that comes with however many handsets you need NOW and then add handsets later . They are n't cheap but I 'm sure we will use this phone for easily the next 10-15 years ... unless technology drastically changes !
 I bought this item after buying a similar product from Panasonicwith a fax . This one was much better quality . Good sound quality , good range for the second handset . The station is small and neat and it was so easy to set up and use . I ca n't fault this item . Good value and great quality .
 Panasonic make good cordless phones compare to others phones in the market . You pay extra for panasonic phone but you get good quality.Amazon and found prices are very reasonable with free delivery .
 I 'm using this product in Brazil . I can not use all its features because the differences between countries , but it 's a very useful product and I liked so much its design , colors and easy-of-use .
 I have had dozens of cordless phones and they all go crazy in time . These phones are well made and hacve laods of useful features . Well worth the price .
 We are very pleased with this panasonic phone set . Quality and features are top notch . I would purchase these again . Price is excellent .
 This phone is great ... I 've used it the last few weeks and its worked perfectly . It has all the features I needed -- speakerphone , phone book , mute button , etc. . .
 Only cons is that the Antenna is easy to break and there is no backlight for the buttons .
 This was purchased as a replacement for a 2.4 GHz Panasonic that kept kicking my laptop off our wireless network . With this new 5.8 GHz phone , no problems with wireless network interference . My only complaint , though mild , is that only one line of caller ID info is visible on the handset , you have to scroll to see the name and number simultaneously . The talking caller ID is nice , but it does take two rings -LRB- or more -RRB- before it says anything , so you run the risk of a mad dash before the answering machine picks up after the default 4 rings . I increased ours to 6 rings before the answering machine picks up to give us more time to hear the caller ID and react . Voice quality is very good , and the battery life has been great . Works well with a wired headset . The speaker phone in the handset works well .
 This phone works well for what we need . The speakerphone capability from the base unit and the handset is ideal for conversations with kids at college ; we both can be in the conversation while going about our business . The memo feature is also one we like and use often , much easier than leaving notes . This phone does everything we needed it to and more .
 THIS PRODUCT CAME DELIVERED FAST AND I EXACTLY WHAT WE WERE LOOKING TO PURCHASE AT A GREAT PRICE . THIS PHONE HAS AUDIO CALLER ID WHICH IS GREAT!YOU KNOW WHO IS CALLING AND DO NOT EVEN HAVE TO LOOK OR GET UP TO ANSWER THE PHONE IF YOU DO N'T WANT TO !!! MOTHER IN LAW ETC. . . HA HAGREAT PHONE
 I purchased 3 of these phones and plan to purchase another for another area of my home . This has the best reception , and stores telephone numbers very easily . Excellent Speakerphone quality as well .
 This was my second Panasonic cordless phone . The other was a 2.4 mhz that kept interferring with my home wireless network so purchasing a upgraded Panasonic 5.8 mhz made sense . I have no complaints regarding the phone except after 1 year and 4 months the led screen on the phone stop working.I do n't know if anyone else had this problem . The hanset was always care for and to my knowledge was never dropped . It 's really tough to use the phone to look for numbers from missed calls or access the menu to make changes . I still recommend this phone and will look for a new handset to see if this corrects the problem .
 Amazing phone . All required features available . And that too at an affordable price . In one word , satisfied .
 I am glad I bought this phone . It does all that I need it to , and it is a quality product .
 These tags are very durable and have survived several airline trips with me , and have also accompanied my laptop on many excursions . And I certainly have not lost any of my luggage or possessions that have been tagged with these tag protectors and loops . Funnily enough , these tags have withstood the wear and tear of travel much better than my luggage . Believe you me - if these tags can survive the rigors of being loaded on and off of an airliner , they can survive anything .
 I 'm a middle school band director . We use these tags for band instrument case tags . I make a business card with the school name , address and phone on one side . On the other side , we put the student 's name and class period . If a student leaves the instrument on a bus or anywhere else , it can be safely returned to the school , without a stranger having to know the student 's home address or phone number ! Very easy product to use and much cheaper than any other solution I 've found .
 These luggage tags are very durable and easy to use . Just stick a piece of paper with your contact information -LRB- business cards work well -RRB- and place in between the two layers . Remove the paper on the adhesive side and press the two layers together . The only -LRB- cosmetic -RRB- drawback is that the tags are a bit large , I place my business cards in them on my luggage and I have to trim the tags down because of all the extra space around it .
 I highly recommend this excellent product to record accounting transactions especially when a manual system is used in very small businesses .
 For the modest cost of this item , the quality and overall appearance of this case is exceptional . I really did n't think it was going to look as good as it did , but when I opened the box I was very pleasantly surprised . It looks more like real leather and has a very nice , soft finish . I highly recommend this product and is worth the 5-star rating I gave it . Also , the service provided by the reseller was excellent .
 I had one similar to this in a leatherette from another company . The pull tabs on 2 of the zippers broke and it cost more to repair the item than to but another bag in an imitation leather that also has a 5 year guarantee . Ca n't beat that !
 Pros-Hardcover-Pocket Sized-Has Band to keep book closed-BookmarkCons-None
 This little Tops notebook is a surprise . The construction of the notebook features stitched signatures on my blue example , and uses stiff , textured covers that remind me of a spray on truck bedliner -LRB- in a good way ! -RRB- . There are 96 sheets/192 pages . The well-known black notebooks feature an expanding pocket , and there is no such pocket to be found on this Tops version . I 'll return to this review if any issues should arise with the little notebook , but first impressions are overwhelmingly positive .
 Very hard , durable cover . The pages are ivory-not white . Perfect size . If you want an extremely durable pocket notebook , buy this one .
 I sent this to a friend as a gift along with several other things . She received it promptly , and said
 I am avid stationary collector and sometimes I buy notebooks just because I think it is pretty . I decided to buy this because I thought it would be good to carry a pocket book to make adhoc list during meetings but just did n't find it useful.I am giving it 4 stars because the quality is good and the ink does n't seep through . I do n't have problem with the make . Please note it is really small - which will not work for note taking . Makes a good to-do book but not like a notebook . In the smartphone era - not worth 5.49 . I am deducting 1 points for the price point .
 This is a great planner and went perfectly with the Tiffany Theme wedding my sister is having .
 I love the Dog Artist calendars ! The Doberman one is the best -- and so are Dobermans !
 This is a great tool to help organize your life ! Lots of room to write down daily activities .
 I love flavia calendars . Sadly , I am returning this one unopened . I received an email stating that my order did n't go through because their were n't any in stock . So I ordered Garden Path and received it within 2 days . I ordered the flavia well before Christmas and received it 3 days `` after '' the Garden Path came in . Maybe next year .
 I was looking for a very sturdy metal projector cart for my classroom . This fit the bill perfectly . It is a very well-designed and heavy gauge cart . It rolls nicely and can be assembled at different heights to suite your needs . If you are constantly changing heights you wo n't be very happy as it requires the removal of all four assembly screws in order to change heights . I really only have one pick with this wonderful cart . The rubber mat that sits on the top of the cart to cushion your projector STINKS ! I mean this literally . I left the mat out on the porch in the rain for three weeks and I 'm still not sure if I can stand having it inside . It 's that bad . But you can toss the little rubber mat and still have a simple projector cart that 's one of the best .
 Having one piece wrist rest eliminates having to have two separate pieces . One for your wrist , and one for the mouse . Very comfortable .
 Excellent tote that stacks well . The sides do not bulge if stacked three high . Works well for home use although I would not recommend for a shipment on a common carrier .
 Great for Ship & Storage , I took away one star because they are expensive . Otherwise they are of very good quality.Note
 These containers are made of high-impact plastic , and will stand up to just about any abuse . Being 17 '' high and 21 '' long , they are ably to handle a lot of larger household items that would n't fit even in a legal sized paper box.You might balk at the price , but consider that you 'll have them forever , they are impervious to mold and moisture , -LRB- unlike cardboard boxes -RRB- and they can be secured shut with wire ties . Not waterproof , but at least you do n't have to worry about moisture getting in from the bottom if you have these in a storage unit or the basement.All in all , a great quality product .
 I have a Neato and a couple other types of lablers and this is the only one that real works . The software is simple to use and the labels are almost imposable to messup . The only real problem I have with it is the tabs that hold the label ot the aplicator come off to easy and then it 's very hard to get the label straight .
 I found the labeler easy to use . The software program could use more and better graphics , but it 's easy to add your own pictures . Overall , I love this product . Makes great CD 's .
 I have never used any other cd labeling system but so far it has performed as described . The labels are easy to place with the afterburner labeling system . The labels can be printed all the way to the inside ! My only small gripe is that the Click N Design software seems to be very memory intensive and somewhat slow . It wo n't load large jpegs easily . You have to resize them to about 500k or so and even then ... it 's slow .
 worked for what I do . I could use a few more and will order so I can get more . . bam
 These flip-top boxes are not only a great , handy size , the quality is far greater that the flip-top boxes you find at Home Depot or Costco . These things are masde of a more forgiving plastic -LRB- and thicker -RRB- than the usual see-though type . Only wish they came in a variety of colors . 4 instead of 5 stars because the finish on the edges could be nicer -LRB- smoother , less sharp . -RRB-
 I got this shredder at Office Depot
 I had one of these mouse pads for quite a while , which shows good quality in the construction . This one replaced it . I 'm just very happy they 're still making them . There are exactly one dozen cats on the pad . The two gray tabbies near the center look like two of our three gray tabby babies . I also have a tailless -LRB- wireless -RRB- mouse . Hmmm , I wonder I any of those kitties can explain that .
 I love this mouse pad . This is actually my 2nd . I wore out the first and loved it so much I bought another just like it .
 Material is a little thin , but looks great and works great . Cat lovers delight .
 This was a great personal gift for me since I love cats a lot . I have 4 of my own .
 QUALITY AND GOT IT FAST.NEVER USED THIS BRAND BEFORE.BUT STANDS UP TO 3M AND A LITTLE CHEAPER.I WOULD RECOMEND THIS .
 COMPARISONThis is good quality strapping tape ; sticky and with plenty of fiberglass filaments . In comparison the STAPLES store brand has half the filaments , which are the whole point of strapping tape . The more filaments the better.STRAPPING TAPEStrapping tape is primarily used like metal or plastic straps around boxes with heavy contents to prevent them from bursting open , because the imbedded fiberglass prevent the tape from stretching . It is not meant to seal edges or gaps -- it will work for such use , but not as well , mostly because it is less flexible.USE > A band of strapping tape -LRB- even narrow tape -RRB- around each side of a box -LRB- that adds up to 3 bands for the three dimensions of normal space -RRB- is the best insurance that a package will not open in shipment . Be sure to overlap the tape on itself by at least 3 '' . Use two bands for each side if the contents are heavy . Why not use `` packaging '' or `` shipping '' tape -- they will stretch and then let go . Packaging/shipping tape is for sealing boxes , not for preventing them from bursting open . > A band or two around the long side of a storage box is good insurance that the glue will not `` let go '' , and/or burst open.TIPS ON USE > The tape sticks well to most cardboard -LRB- of shipping boxes -RRB- , but sticks much better to itself . So , overlap by at least 3 '' on a small box , more on large boxes . > The tape sticks so well to itself , that it may be hard to `` start '' pealing off if the end has stuck to the roll . The best strategy is prevention -- fold over a tab every time you cut a length of tape from the roll . > The tape absolutely will not tear laterally -LRB- because of the filaments -RRB- , but tears easily parallel to the filaments . To `` start '' a roll when the tape is stuck on the roll , it is best to use a flat knife to scrape/pull up a short length . > When sealing a package with strapping tape that you want to open at a later date , leave tabs -LRB- 1/2 '' of tape folded over on itself -RRB- HOW WIDE?Of course , it depends on weight , but for `` average heavy '' boxes :3 / 8 '' is good for up to say 10 '' wide boxes1/2 '' is bood for up to say 12 '' wide boxes3/4 '' is good for up to 15 '' wide boxes1 '' is good for up to 20 '' wide boxes -- but two 1/2 '' bands -LRB- equally spaced from each other and the box edge -RRB- on each side are usually better than one 1 '' band2 '' is good for or big or very heavy boxes -- but multiple thinner bands -LRB- equally spaced from each other and the box edge -RRB- are usually better than one 2 '' bandThis size -LRB- 0.7 '' -RRB- is a good compromise -- you are n't wasting much on small boxes , and can use multiple bands -LRB- which are better anyway -RRB- on almost any size larger or heavier box . I generally keep 3/8 '' , 3/4 '' and 2 '' rolls on hand . I use the 2 '' strapping tape for large boxes of rocks -LRB- I 'm a geologist -RRB- .
 Been looking for this everywhere . Our locka hardware store quit carrying it . I 'm really glad you had this awesome tape .
 I love this expanding pocket file because I can put it right into my desk drawer with all my other hanging files , and it 's open and ready to pop receipts and bills into it . Labels come with it or you can make your own categories .
 The Folder is excellent quality . It does everything it says and is made of very study material . I especially like the no gap rings .
 I mainly bought this binder for storage , but I have several of these binders in the 2 '' width version as well . These are very durable ; I 've been using this for maybe an entire year and I have not noticed a gap between the rings . The One touch EZD ring is amazing . I do n't have to strain to open or close it . The binder is very durable -LRB- the plastic does not peel off anywhere -RRB- . These binders are a bit expensive , but it is totally worth the money if you do n't want to deal with the frustration of a binder of poorer quality .
 Avery has dropped the plasic spine label holder from their heavy-duty binder . Otherwise , it is a great binder .
 The price is great through Amazon and the binders are just as advertised
 This label making product is very good . I have the option of four difference width of tapes and I have tried each one and was very satisfied with the results . I highly recommend this product .
 I am exceptionally pleased with this product . It is a wonderful label maker .
 Was delivered as promised and I am very satisfied with it . Would not hesitate to be a return customer for the seller .
 I 've been using the labeling machine for awhile , this machine does a good job.I got this machine knowing is used , but the machine looks and works well .
 The product is very good for the price . The only short-coming is that there is about 1/2 '' of wasted tape each time a label is printed . The replacement tape catridges are a bit expensive though . But all in all a good purchase .
 I purchased this a while ago . It worked right out the box and I did n't even have to read the user manual . It allows you to choose the font size you want , the style and how long you want the label to be.So far , I have had no trouble and I have printed about a dozen labels . Recommended .
 After reading the reviews , I was scared of buying this product but it only cost me $ 10 so I made the plunge . Now it 's very easy to use and has a nice keyboard . There are plenty of options and text effects for a nice variety of options . It 's very quiet and unobtrusive . Looks like a high quality machine.I agree that if you only print one label at a time , there is more wasted paper than needed . If you print only one label every once in awhile , then this is not a good one for you . If that is your intent , then I would rate it 2 stars.But if you print multiple labels at a time , there is n't much waste . The other reviews here make it seem like lose an inch per label which you 're not . For example , if you print 4 labels with narrow margins , it prints out as one long strip with 1 inch waste at the beginning and 1/4 inch at the end of the strip . But there is a very small gap between the labels and thus you do n't lose very much overall . Also , you can print 2-line text and further save on tape . so just to clarify , you set it to `` chain print '' . then let 's say you want to label HDMI cables for example :1 -RRB- i have a Xbox 360 so i typed 360 and hit print .2 -RRB- i have a HD-DVD player so i typed HD-DVD player and hit print3 -RRB- i have a WD TV player so i typed WD TV and hit print4 -RRB- then i hit a feed advance and then hit the cut button to cut the strip.that is the best way to use this thing . now if I wanted to save even more paper , I could use 2-line text . for example
 I was a bit concerned about all the tape I heard this thing wastes , but I really do n't use it enough for it to bother me . Every label has about 3/4 of extra tape at the beginning of the label , I am pretty sure this is so you will always have enough tape to put the label out when you cut it . You can set it so it does n't waste much tape at the end of the label . I bought an extra roll of tape when I got mine since the price of tape is much cheaper on Amazon than at Office Depot . But I am still using the tape that came with it . I would say this is a really good label maker if you are only doing the occasional label .
 I needed this product to label bottles and other items for my baby for daycare . Extremely helpful and useful . lables stay on and have laminant so I do n't have to keep re-doing it . Highly recommend
 I 'll admit I 'm cranky when it comes to nitpicky little issues with technology , ok everything.I bought this labeller maybe 2 years ago , and for labelling my whole personal collection of manilla folders -LRB- about 120 -RRB- it worked fine . I reorganized my filing system then , and under the advice of David Allen 's Getting Things Done I bought this so I 'd also be able to make file folders quickly , one-at-a-time , and when I needed to . I also bought a 4-pack of the tapes at Costco for maybe $ 30 . Within about minute I can have a label typed and ready to stick , I wo n't go into features but I use basic large font-size , normal width , Auto-format is off , margin set to chain print , and label length set to Auto . I type the label and hit print , then -LRB- and this probably a quirk with this model -RRB- hit Shift-Print to feed the label an inch more . Why ? If you do n't feed one more inch and just clip the label where it is , you end up losing the last 4 letters of your label . But if you feed just one more inch -LRB- again in Chain Print mode under Margins option -RRB- you end up with only 3/8 '' extra on right side of the printed label . There is unfortunately a 5/8 '' strip on the left side that has to be cut with scissors as well , so you 're honestly wasting about 1 '' of tape . But I only used just over one roll to relabel my entire set of files , and I usually make another folder every couple of weeks and have yet to get through the second roll . It 's just not that expensive , and to me it 's worth it to have a basic labeller.If a large part of your job is making labels , I would n't buy this labeller . But for personal organization or small business use , I think this is a great tool and would recommend .
 This is a goodsend for anyone with a physical disability of the hands . I have Carpel Tunnel and arthritis so trying to write labels is near to impossible . The portability has made it very convenient to organize my attic , closets and pantry . Thank you Brother International for developing this handy gadget .
 I received the PT-1280 as a gift and did n't know much about it . I wanted a label maker to use around the house -LRB- label boxes , files , etc. -RRB- . It does use a great deal of tape per print , but there are ways to cheat it a little . I find that the preset file tab setting is the perfect fit for the standard folders , and I prefer that the label cover the whole tab anyway . It does give you extra tape at the end each time you cut , so I print a number of labels at once and then simply snip them apart with scissors . This actually takes less time than cutting each one on the label maker . I 've had it since Christmas and am still using the cartridge it came with , so I must be doing something right . Also , it saves the last label you do , and I have never had to reset the settings for each label unless I wanted something different . Of course , I did read the instructions in their entirety before the first use . That helps . I have n't had to buy tape yet , so I do n't know how much they cost , but considering the cartridge lasts a while -LRB- at least for my amount of usage -RRB- , it probably is n't a burdensome occasional expense . I 've used a lot of different makers working in different offices through a temp agency , and it seems to me they all waste tape , so the PT-1280 seems pretty average in that respect . The UI is incredibly intuitive and easy to use . I get what I want every time , except when I misspell something !
 I caught this from J&R when they were selling it for $ 17 including shipping . It was worth every penny ! I did not get the plug in power supply for this because I only use this every now and then for projects . I rewired my father 's audio receiver since the family dog continually knocked loose the speaker wires and he would spend an hour figuring out where the wires went back . Not anymore . Used this for labeling tool locations in the garage , speaker wires , network cables and video cables . Keep in mind that this is a basic labeler . You wo n't get loads of fancy fonts or all the bells and whistles . But for basic use , this thing is really useful . Now , if you have neat handwriting , smudge-proof labels and a ultra-fine Sharpie , then you might not need this . If you have the handwriting of a PhD writing you a prescription , look into this handy gadget .
 I took this device out of its package and printed the label I wanted without having to read the instructions . It gets high marks for an intuitive UI , and quality . The only thing that brings this from being a 5 * product is the waste of _ very _ expensive tape and the lack of an AC adapter which I knew before getting it . Two reels of tape equal the price of this machine btw .
 I just wanted to post a review here since there are so many people complaining that this thing wastes tape . Yes , on the default setting , it will put a lot of white space at the beginning and end . This is because the cutting blade on this model wo n't clear the end of the label unless it feeds some white space at the end . However , it is ridiculously easy to set this model up to use less white space .1 . Touch the Function -LRB- Fn -RRB- Button .2 . Use the arrow buttons to scroll to the `` Margin '' setting . Hit the OK button .3 . You have four options for margin Full -LRB- default -RRB- , Half , Narrow , or Chain Print . -LRB- I normally use Chain Print for the least amount of white space . -RRB- 4 . When you are done making your series of labels , remember to manually feed the last label -LRB- shift + Print button -RRB- . Otherwise your last label wo n't clear the cutting blade and it will get chopped in half.It takes about 5 seconds to set this machine up to use a minimum of tape . I ca n't believe how many irate reviews are on here when it 's so freaking simple to make it NOT do the thing everyone is complaining about.We 've had this machine for about a year now and it works great . I use it regularly and have only gone through 2 rolls of tape . My only issue is it seems to run through batteries fast . I wish it came with a an AC adapter included .
 There are a few reasons why this product ranges from poor to great.The labels themselves are definitely good quality labels.The wasted tape is most everyone else 's complaint .1 -RRB- The reason why the beginning of each label has wasted tape - The rollers that hold the tape after a print will cause the beginning of the label to curl , preventing proper adhesion to some objects . Brother made it so when you cut the tape 's beginning you will have a straight flat tape .2 -RRB- The end part of the label has a similar problem , the feed mechanism needs to push the text past the door after a print . You can not cut the tape exactly after the last part of your text as that will cause feed problems for the next print.I hate the wasted parts of the tape as well . I avoid it when I make multiple labels of the same text by using the repeat function . It continues the text in between labels without wasting any tape.Other brands cut the labels closer , but those ` other ' brands that I have used and owned almost always jam after a while and I lose the remaining tape from that cartridge . Brother ` could ' most likely engineer the device to cut closer , but as for now I can accept some wasted tape for a quality label . If you actually calculate the number of labels you get with your cartridge , you will be surprised how expensive other label makers really are .
 Just got this device this afternoon from Staples -LRB- ... -RRB- . -LRB- ... -RRB- . So far very pleased with it . The labels are really clear and professional looking . There are some nice functions to change the text style , add frames and symbols . Also looked at the Dymo QX50 , but it looks really cheap by comparison . The PT-1280 looks really high class and executive.Only complaint is that while it will accept a mains adaptor , there is not one included . Also it takes 6 AAA batteries , which are also not included , which is a bit tight . There is a short run of label tape in the box though , and the instructions are reasonable given the price .
 I 've had a PT-1280 for about six months now , and I 'm very happy with it . I like the qwerty layout , the TZ Tape system is compatible with several different sizes and many different colors , and the interface is extremely intuitive without being limiting . Most importantly , it can print two lines of text on a label ... extremely useful!Though I 've never found any use for the `` favorites '' buttons on the front , it has some nice extra features , like a handful of cute banner styles , and a surprising variety of useful symbols , including electronic engineering symbols . It will also do automatic numbering , mirror print for clear tape , and vertical print.It 's surprisingly quick and easy to switch out tape cartridges , so it works well if you have different colors and sizes that you switch between frequently . There are no mechanisms to engage ; just swing open the bottom and place the cartridge in.It 's clear that Brother is in the business of selling tape and not printers , though , and this device makes it clear . It puts ridiculous 1 '' wide margins on everything it prints , and almost always requires me to trim the labels manually . You can adjust the margin sizes , but this only actually shortens the left margin , and then prints a marker on the right telling you where to trim it yourself . The margin setting is also one of the most buried options in the labeller 's menu , and has to be reset every time you clear the display.Overall , I 'm happy with this device , but I have to keep scissors with it , and my desk is confettied with waste after even small printing jobs .
 We bought this tool to label a large collection of spices in bottles , and I 'm really very happy with it . It 's very easy to use , and the labels it produces have clear text and stick well.My only criticism is a bit of wasted tape at both the beginning and end of the label . I suppose you could cut it off if you do n't like how it looks , but I always feel a little unfrugal wasting the tape .
 I bought this label maker for home use and it is well suited for this . I probably would not get this for business use or for high volume use.Positives
 It is a very good product and it is very useful . However , it wastes entirely too much tape . It is just ridiculous at the space that is left at each end of the tape . I bought this to use for so many things but then when I realized how much tape would be wasted I realized it would only be used for specific projects . Otherwise I really like it .
 Slightly annoyed by the amount of tape that it wastes but for under $ 30 , not a bad purchase for someone who needs a labeler on occasion . If you are a bit OCD or like to label everything , perhaps you may want to look elsewhere ?
 Pretty basic , but a labeller does n't need to be fancy , and it works great so far ! Great price !
 I used this Ptouch at work so I ordered one for home use . It works great , just as expected . No problems .
 The sticker tape sticks to almost anything ; Tree bark , windshields , toothbushes , even cat hair . To help my daughter learn Spanish , we labled eveything in and around the house in Spanish . Our Gato and Perros are labled , so are all the vacas y pollos . Her hermana y hermanos also got labeled , but the stickers do come off in the bath .
 Very practical product . Easy to operate . Works as advertised , with no complications . Particularly useful if you have to print multiple labels at once .
 BHRPT1280 - PT-1280 Affordable Personal LabelerGreat value and provides the functionallity needed .
 I bought this label maker thinking i could use it out of box but it doesnt include an AC adapter like a thought . Also as stated in many other reviews , it wastes a lot of tape . I 've had no problems with it other than it not formating the tab like i want it to have . I set it to have a 1 '' tab and press print and the tab on the label looks like a space and even no space at all at random times . Other than these few things its a great label maker and would recommend to friends to buy .
 I am thrilled that I was able to purchase this labeler . I have been trying to get one for a while . It would be on sale somewhere and once I got there the store would be sold out . When I did see it on sale again somewhere else it was n't the same kind of sale . So I decided to go on Amazon.com to see if anyone was selling it and this seller was and brand new , for the same price I was trying to buy it at . Thank you so much the opportunity . I recommend this seller .
 Very nice labelling machine . Lots of uses !
 This is my first labeler and I love it . I am buying another one for my parents . It is easy to use and allows you to choose some options for the text on the label , like bold type or type within a box . It has one sans serif font . More expensive labelers will allow more fonts and options . This one has a good balance between the options and the price.I would give it 5 stars except
 I can easily forgive this labeler for its waste of tape . -LRB- As I 've never had a labeler that did n't waste tape ! -RRB- The features like the borders and shadow text make this a fun product for labeling my children 's belongings with a little flair . Also , my 5 year old was able to learn how to use it within minutes , it was so easy . Definitely worth the investment .
 I 'm writing this review to mention the benefit of the labeling system by mentioning how we use it where I work . I work in a data center with hundreds of servers , the servers range in size but are all rather small and the surface area on them is small . We need to be able to identify the servers so we opted to get the Brother PT-1280 labeling system and with it we are using the standard white tape with black text to print the name we have given the server and on the second line we write the systems IP address or other important information . We probably have 200 servers we have put labels on , each one looks as good as the day we printed even though some are up to 4 years old and they all continue to stick . This labeling system really does a great job and it fits our needs perfectly . We have another brother labeler as well but it is a plug in unit , we love this one because it does run on batteries and we can carry it into the datacenter and label a server after it 's been mounted . Batteries last a long time , quality is very good and price is affordable , If you need a labeling system this one will work wonders for you .
 I am very happy with this label maker . It 's super easy to use and prints very quickly . Other reviewers have complained about the wasted tape -LRB- there 's an inch of blank space on each margin -RRB- , but an easy solution is to do a group of labels all at once , using the space bar to seperate items . I 'm not sure how I lived without one of these for all of these years .
 I love this little contraption . Some people have written negative comments about it , and I would like to address these issues . If Brother were to come up with a `` cutter '' that would automatically cut the label to a certain length , and center the text , it would have tripled the cost of this unit . When I bought this product , I knew that a pair of scissors might also be necessary , and that was n't a big deal for me . Yes , the tapes are a little expensive , but the product works well , and I am happy with the results that it gave me .
 It would be easy to give this labeler 5 stars if it did n't waste tape at the end of each label . I thought I would be able to just print lables and stick them on , but you will need a scissors unless you want an inch of blank tape before and after each label.Otherwise , it works well and is quite intuative without having to read the directions . Nice selection of different tapes , as well . Works great for labeling wires in a network , on your computer or stereo system . And if you have a zillion AC adaptors -LRB- which this product does not come with -RRB- you can finally label them all .
 I use this label maker all the time . It is easy to use and very reliable . I have gone thru about 5 refills of tape at this time and have had no problems . Seriously the best purchase I have made in last years .
 I 'm very happy with the label maker and it does a great job . I use it in our home office . It is fast and easy to use . it is a good ptroduct for a small price.I use Amazo because it is easy to use . I hate having to use Pay-Pal on E-Bay . It is a much longer ordering process on E-Bay and I 'm forced to us Pay-Pal .
 Had it for over a year now . Using occasionally , never changed the battery . It does leave big gaps between separate prints though , that 's why I give it 4 stars . tape does n't cost that much .
 I read through all the different reviews for electronic labeling systems on Amazon before I purchased this -LRB- Martha Stewart had recommended it on her show -RRB- . Got it at a fantastic price ! Yes it does waste a bit of tape but I took one reviewer 's suggestion of doing the CHAIN PRINT option and to try printing all my labels at once . And the tape is not expensive when purchased through Amazon . I only paid about ten bucks for mine and it 's 26 feet long . I mean , really , I labeled everything in my kitchen -LRB- spices , jars , etc -RRB- and I still have LOADS of tape left ! I would definitely recommend this product .
 I purchased this label maker from Home Depot for more then the price that amaZon is asking . The product is really great very easy to use and comes with sufficent label cartridge . My only complaint is that there is no plug in adapter included . Like the previous reviewer said it says the product takes one but it is not included and must be purchased seperatly . For the price one pays for this item it should be included ! Other than this one complaint i would recommend it highly for anyone looking for a quality labeling system .
 There may be better labelers but I am happy with this one . Yes , the tape is far too expensive , but Amazon has better prices than stores . As far as too much waste , you can set the margins down . Just read the directions that came with it , instead of complaining without reading . This is a quality machine and makes quality labels . I have another Brother -LRB- P-Touch -RRB- that must be 15 years old and it has held up well .
 I bought this just before Christmas , and have n't stopped using it since . I have used it -LRB- while doing my decorating -RRB- to label the branches of my artificial tree , the old labels were falling off . I also labeled my plastic bins as I removed ornaments to identify which ornaments/lights/tree topper , etc. go into which bins . This will make next year so much easier , and if I need lights for something else during the year , they will be easier to find ! I have also used them to mark small bins that I use in my home office . I like to have things `` out of sight '' but for me that usually means `` out of mind '' , with the labels easily visible , I do n't forget that I have things and where they are , but they are n't an eyesore any longer . This labeler works well , is easy to load new cartridges in , and although I have n't ventured beyond the default font/settings , I 'm sure those are easy to use as well .
 Great service , brand new item , packaged well and fast shipping . Could n't ask for more . Thank you .
 I purchased this item as a gift for my fiance who is a teacher and she loves it ! The other teachers in her grade have borrowed and and just like her have not had any issues with it ! . It prints quick and its easy to use . No complaints at all !
 For those complaining about the waste
 Was bought for my daughters 3rd grade class , Great price and the Teacher loves it .
 If you 're looking for a hardy , durable , easy-to-use phone that 's reliable and lasts a long time , and are not looking for fancy features , this phone would be the perfect one.I bought this phone way back in 1994 when I was first a student , and it still works ok today ! My friends have commented that the sound quality on their side is excellent when I use this phone . In addition , this phone has survived countless knocks on wood , concrete , ceramic-tile , carpet , and other floors.If such longevity were found in new electronics products , vendors hoping to make money from replacements would go out of business!Only disadvantage is that besides having a memory of 10 stored-numbers , redial button , tone/pulse selection and 3 ringer-volumes -LRB- off , low , high -RRB- , there arent any other features to crow about.This phone cost me US$ 30 when I first got it -LRB- + 8.25 % tax -RRB- , and that works out to US$ 3/yr . A really amazing piece of engineering for that price .
 I have owned this phone for over two years and I have been very pleased . Voice quality is excellent ; it is light and can be used either on desktop or mounted on the wall . The ringer switch allows the user to set the ringer to off , low or high . Another switch allows easy changes between touch tone and rotary dialing . Other features include last number redial button as well the ability to program 10 speed dial numbers . The price is also very reasonable . I would not hesitate to purchase this item again .
 I ca n't even remember when I bought this phone but it 's probably lasted longer than all my previous telephones combined . This thing just keeps on going . A great phone for those that do n't need all the bells and whistles .
 I have had this phone for quite a few years without a single flaw and I am still using the original coil chord . The feature that everyone that uses this phone in my home -LRB- or that I call -RRB- is that the sound is excellent . To be clear , this is the best sounding phone , beyond any other phone , that I have ever used ... . I have family members that want one . This is one of the simple phones that was perfected and I hope that they continue to manufacture .
 Got this phone on a trip to the States back in 2000 - and has been working great for all that time , until now -LRB- touch tone dials random numbers -RRB- . It is a pity that Sony only think people need a Sony-Ericson mobile . Eg try Googling for a sony -LRB- tele -RRB- phone and see what you get!There be only mobiles and nothing else.Seems land line phones are to be ugly , style starved soviet lumps.I hope some one steals Sonys classics and makes them in China/Korea - if only the sound quality out be the same . Of course they could make a SKYPE/VoIP that looked like this - that would be really cool .
 this person has gone out of their way to correct a defected item . they are very customer orientatedam very happy !
 I formerly had scanfob with serial magic software . What a nightmare ! Socketdcan is dream . Just.plug.and play . No blue tooth to constantly lose connection and much faster . No battery to die like scanfobSocketscan beats scanfob.in every area an as long as ur device takes cf cards.I wish i had bought socketscan back in feb 2012 when i wasted.money on scanfob . Free at last , free at last from serial magic and bluetooth . It was a $ 330 lesson and one i will not soon forget
 EXCELLENT PRODUCT . EASY TO INSTALL . EASY TO USE . MADE MONEY WITH THIS ITEM RIGHT AWAY . FIRST RATE PRODUCT . WE LOVE IT .
 I purchased my class 1 laser product used for $ 180 from a eBay seller in 2009 . The Socket CFSC 5M Scanner IS5025-609 works just as well today as it did back then.My set up has been a Dell Axim x50v PDA where I search local thrift stores , estate sales , libraries , etc. for any valuable media with a ISBN bar code and database file on SD card . Within one month of scanning I paid off both scanner and personal digital assistant by re-selling . As I review this product , which is listed for twice what I paid , it appears to me the Socket CFSC 5M is a valuable product to this day and deserves a 5-stars review in my experience .
 Very nice converts . Exact in size and from 100 only one was damaged . But , they are a bit asymmetric and different in shape .
 This is a good product , but the plastic piece that holds the document was broken . Not sure if was sent this way or broke in transit .
 These are great refills . If you write a lot , then these really come in handy . The package is n't that big , and it also is n't so small that it can be lost .
 If you are considering purchasing this pen , let me tell you that the pictures do not do this pen justice at all ! I glanced at this pen in the sunlight and its true what people say ... it truly does look like a mini cosmos in your hand . The abalone shells glisten and shine so beautifully ! Do n't let this awesome beauty fool you ... its very durable and I love how the ink flows from the smooth and detailed nib . Changing between inks is a breeze -LRB- I am currently using the Iroshizuku cerulean blue -RRB- . I hope to keep this pen forever as its already very special to me .
 I 've gotten plenty of performance and value out of this monitor . It is packed with features that enhance my productivity ! One of the best features of this monitor is its relatively small footprint . With crisp imaging and well thought out design and engineering , this monitor will keep you happy !
 Nicely made and quick delivery . I did n't realize there were two mousepads in there so that was a nice bonus treat . They are the proper FSU Garnett and Gold colors and were slick enough that they work really well with my mouse !
 Good quality with lots of pockets . Kids can work on both sides of the chart . Folds flat for easy storage . Has a large handy pocket to hold cards . Makes card playing and sorting with my 2.5 year old much easier . I 'm puchasing a second one for kid # 2 .
 I 'm a reading specialist and work with small groups . I like to have one of these charts for each group . I can put sight words and phonics skill cards in the pockets . I set them up at the end of my workday , and they 're ready for the next lesson ! I have a large white board and a big hanging pocket chart near my table where I teach , but this is very convenient to set on the table . I also purchased a couple of less expensive tabletop pocket charts , but these are much better quality and have more pockets , so I hardly ever use the less expensive ones .
 Was glad that I bought this to use with my reading groups , literature circles . It is the perfect size to sit on top of the table without taking up too much space .
 I am a public school SLP and this product has been a great help in my therapy with small groups . It allows the students eyes to be up and seeing me and my gestures as opposed to being focused on pictures or sentence strips laying on the table .
 I love these charts ! I have one at each center table . I use one side for math , the other side for reading . I love the inside pocket , it stores center material for the upcoming week .
 This works great for teaching with my kiddos . I am so glad I purchased it . I highly recommend this product .
 This appointment book is very convenient for the person who has several things to do in a day but does n't need a lot of room for a `` to do '' list or notes . The layout is straightforward and easy to use . A full-month calendar at the beginning of the month allows for an easy overview of that month . The weeks are presented in 2-page spreads that help you keep on top of upcoming appointments , deadlines , etc. since you tend to see them every time you consult the book . There 's a section for notes -LRB- not large , but large enough for the average person and a good place to note phone numbers or a few reminders -RRB- . A section in the back allows you to note class schedules for 4 quarters , with special slots at the bottom to indicate exam and break/vacation/holiday dates . There 's also a 2-page spread for notes , a time zone/area code map and 2 pages for addresses in the back . This book would not be good for someone who needs to jot down a lot of reminders , notes , etc. . It is a larger format -LRB- though not especially bulky -RRB- , so it 's not as convenient to carry around with you , but the size does make it easier to write in . As with any hard copy appointment book , it requires more maintenance . If you jot down an appointment and want to have it show up in your monthly calendar , you need to enter it twice . I found that after the first few months I abandoned the monthly calendar except for major things like vacations/trips , birthdays , etc. . As my year has been getting busier and busier , I 've found that I will need a format that allows more space per day , so I 'll have to change to a different model . But all in all , I 've been very satisfied with this book , which I 've used for the past few years to keep track of my children 's school events , appointments , etc. .
 I 'm a graduate student and I 've used this kind of planner for the past three years . Another reviewer complained about its size , saying it was n't very portable , but this is the planner I keep at home on my desk ; I have a pocket-sized planner that goes in my tote bag or purse.It costs more than I 'd optimally like to pay for a planner , but it has tons of space for me to write out my class and teaching schedules as well as due dates of assignments , reading schedules , etc. . I use the month-at-a-glance pages to plot out my long-term projects and the week-at-a-glance pages to break those projects down into smaller pieces of daily activity . The `` notes '' spaces is very helpful for listing general to-do lists or reminders
 the Quick notes section makes it easy to create to do lists - love that it is week at at time + the monthly view .
 Please note that this is in an `` academic calendar '' format - August to August . I 've used this planner for several years because it has the best layout for keeping track of meetings , events and notes . It does not have slots for hourly appointments -LRB- that 's what a lesson plan book is for -RRB- , but rather large boxes for daily overviews in one week segments spread over two pages . There are also one-page monthly calendars . The `` QuickNotes '' feature is simply a brightly colored box on each weekly layout for action items . It 's fairly expensive , but the only planner I 've found with the features I needed . Amazon 's price beat all local sources .
 I 've had my Philips monitor for years and never had a single problem with it . Sharp , clear , crisp . Outstanding all the way around . When the time came for me to move and get a flat screen monitor to deal with space constraints , I went out of my way to find a good home for my Philips .
 Yes it may be big and out of style but it works great . No more straining my eyes to see small print . If you do n't mind the appearance it more than serves the purpose . Mine was used with a small dent on top but the screen and color is like new .
 I 've tried numerous papers on my aging HP 970 CXi and HP 930C printers , and for glossy prints Kodak Ultima is by far the best . The paper is thick , heavy , and relatively durable . Even heavy black areas dry quickly . Greyscale looks like greyscale , not like sepia as it does on many other papers . Colors are vibrant with sharp edges , and true to the original , especially when the saturation is boosted one notch in the print driver . I have not been able to test the paper on other printers , but if it 's anything like this you wo n't be dissapointed .
 The paper came packaged very good and the paper was of very good quality . It also arrived in good time
 As a non-pro I 've tried just about every type of paper offered at the retail `` giants '' and have found KODAK ULTIMA to be the best . Unfortunately it is not available in my area at this time . I hope Kodak has not discontinued this line of paper . I used to find the 81/2 x 11 ULTIMA at SAM 'S all of the time . Now I cant find it available even at AMAZON .
 This is very high quality paper . Pictures look just like you had a photo lab develop them . This paper is not as glossy as the Canon Photo Pro , so if you want the glossiest paper buy the Canon Photo Pro . If you like your prints glossy yet not to the extreme this is the paper for you .
 I have had excellent results with this paper . The photos come out perfect and professional . Even the feel of the paper is better than any other ones I have used.Amazon offers this paper at a great price.Buy it , you will not regret it !!!
 Great help for adults with mental challanges . High interest/low level reading.It would be great to have more available to purchase .
 For years I 've been using other cleaners with so-so results . But now I 'm able to properly clean my Rapidograph nibs so they 'll last longer .
 I needed something for storing my large and diverse supply of vitamins and supplements . These bins work perfectly for me . I have about 6 of them stacked up on the kitchen counter , filled with supplements . They are handy and look decent . Sometimes the tilt out bins will accidentally come out , but they are easy to put back in . I think these are an excellent useful product for home organization of just about anything . I 'll probably get more as soon as I fill these up .
 Like another reviewer , I purchased these to organize and store our vitamins and supplements . Now instead of cluttered bottles on turn tables , we have these nifty little bins . The kitchen looks so much cleaner and neater with these . These are of excellent quality . The bins lift out for easy cleaning . They also stack and lock together . I 'm going to be getting some more of these for all of our office supplies .
 The are the deflecto tilt and pull out bins , wall or self mount . Bought this small size accidentally , still fast ship and qaulity product , so i am keeping for very small hardware .
 These bins are a great way to organize your small nails , screws , etc. . They easily mount on the wall & the bins can be removed & taken to the work area
 I 've had this phone for years . I keep it in my bedroom , just to have a phone handy . I have several cordless phones , but I bought this phone so I would still have phone service in case of power failure . The only problem that I noticed when I first bought the phone was that the cord is welded into the phone , and ca n't be removed . If you want to lenghten the cord you ca n't use a regular phone cord , you will need to buy a phone extension cord . Then , plug the phone cord into the phone jack at one end of the extension cord , and then plug the other end of the extension cord into your wall phone jack . I did this and had no other problems . As far as batteries go , most all corded phones that have Caller ID will need some type of battery . You will need to buy your own batteries . The batteries time was sufficient for me , and I only used cheap no-name batteries .
 By now , you 've probably read all of the negative reviews and so had I when I picked this phone up locally , on sale for a sawbuck . I already knew what it did n't do and that is was battery a hog . The 3-4 foot -LRB- stretched -RRB- cable is perfect for my situation as a bedside phone . A backlit caller-id window would have been nice , but not crucial to my needs , since I mostly call out from the phone and usually answer it during daylight hours . As for the 4 AA batteries it requires , I bought some Energizer NiMH rechargeables and will swap them when needed -- well worth the $ 12 investment . The sound in & out -LRB- I spoke with my HOH mother without any complaint from her -RRB- are both good with 3 volume adjustments & the ringer has high , low & off . The display on the caller-id improved when I cranked up the contrast in the settings . I like the black & silver color combo and it matches my RCA clock radio .
 OK , so a lot of people hate this phone . The main complaint seems to be that the cord that leads to the jack is not removable . This is a significant design flaw , but a simple cord connector fixes the problem and mine has worked for me that way for six years . Another thing is that , like many modern phones , in trying to make the lines `` space-age '' looking , the designers have overlooked the fact that there is a curve between the ear and the mouth , so you have to hold it at just the right angle to hear and be heard at the same time . But here 's why I like this phone -- -LRB- A -RRB- In the six years I 've had it , I 've dropped it on my brick floors innumerable times and it still works . -LRB- B -RRB- I 've only had to change batteries twice in the last four years . -LRB- C -RRB- You can find it online and at big box stores for about $ 8 . I think those things , caller ID , and a ten-number memory make it a decent deal .
 The simple fact of the matter is , for a mere $ 300 , you get 3 full years of service and support from Apple that basically guarantees you a working computer . I do n't know about you , but if the screen or logic board fails on the computer after , say , 29 months , I would n't be happy forking over $ 500 - $ 600 on such a repair . AppleCare gives you peace of mind , and incredible service to boot . The reps have always treated me with respect and have taken care of my issues quickly . Truly good service that I would actually recommend to friends and family .
 So far , so good . The Apple Powerbook is so strong and dependable I have n't needed warranty protection for almost two years now . If it expires in a year and I never use it that is fine . I think I got a good computer and it will probably be running fine 10 years from now - way past it 's useful life as far as computers go . I think it is just wise to protect mobile products like a notebook computer . I would buy the protection again if I got a new computer.Apple builds good products .
 If you are going to invest $ 2,000.00 or more on a computer than $ 349.00 is money well sent !!!! Plus their call center is friendly and very helpful ... . Good Luck with you new Apple Computer ...
 Excellent add-on to your Apple CPU purchase.The AppleCare Protection Plan is a uniquely integrated service and support solution that extends the complimentary coverage on your Mac to three years from the computer 's purchase date . This comprehensive plan includes expert telephone assistance , onsite repairs for desktop computers , global repair coverage for portable computers , web-based support resources , and powerful diagnostic tools - all for one economical price.Purchase the AppleCare Protection Plan when you purchase your Apple system to take maximum advantage of the coverage the plan provides . If you do n't do it now , then you will want to buy it before your 1yr warranty expires - otherwise it 's too late to do so.Three years of securityEvery Mac comes with 90 days of telephone support and one year of service coverage at an Apple-authorized repair center . By purchasing the AppleCare Protection Plan with your Mac , you can extend your coverage to three years from the computer 's purchase date.Comprehensive coverageThe AppleCare Protection Plan covers your Mac , as well as an AirPort Card or AirPort Extreme Card , an AirPort Extreme Base Station , and Apple RAM used with your Mac . Power Mac and PowerBook customers may also enroll one Apple display for coverage , provided that the Mac and the display are purchased together.One number to call for helpGet direct telephone access to Apple 's own technical support group , the people who know your system best . Because Apple creates the computer , the operating system , and many built-in applications , the Mac is a truly integrated system . Just one phone call can help resolve most issues with your Mac because AppleCare representatives can help troubleshoot Apple hardware , the Mac operating system , and many Apple consumer applications , including iCal , iSync , iDVD , iMovie , iPhoto , iTunes , AppleWorks , and QuickTime.Convenient repair optionsThe AppleCare Protection Plan ensures that Apple-certified technicians will perform repairs using genuine Apple parts . With this plan , parts and labor will be covered for three years from the date of purchase of your Apple computer , two years beyond the one-year limited warranty . The plan includes onsite service for desktop computers and global repair coverage for portables , which can be very important if you travel abroad.For just pennies a day - it 's great insurance !
 I have skipped the AppleCare on desktop machines , but always got it with laptops . Apple laptops have improved a great deal over the years , but are still subject to shocks and handling that a desktop machine is not . I depend on my PowerBook for my living , and thus ca n't be without it long.After nearly 2.5 years of trouble free use , I noticed the screen was dimmer than it had been . It also had a flakey battery latch , and noisy fans . I called AppleCare , got someone on the phone quickly and they sent a box . I boxed it up , sent it off , and had my repaired machine back in two days . I got a new screen , new battery , new battery latch , and quieter fans . Nicely done all around .
 Do n't listen to the curmudgeons trying to chop this down . They are blaming apple for their own naive mistakes . My personal favorite is the guy with the bad optical drive who is blaming Apple because he did n't bother to back up his computer.Fact is this service is a MUST HAVE if you own an Apple product . The person who claims there is no inhome support is not telling the truth . I had applecare on my iMac and had inhome service replace both my hard drive and superdrive . Both of these items were upgraded in the process because of those were the best parts on hand . Also if you have any problem its as simple as going to the nearest Apple store to get your problem handled fast and easy . I personally know two people that brought in laptops to the Apple store who were handed a brand new laptop -LRB- yes the latest version -RRB- with zero hassle . Recently a friend of mine brought in a third generation ipod for service and was given a fifth generation video ipod to replace it . There are reasons why Mac Users are so dedicated to Apple products . Applecares excellent support is one huge reason why Apple has such rabid fans .
 This is a must have . You never know when the logic board will fail or when the display will go out . I 've had two PowerBooks now and have used AppleCare plans for both . My older PowerBook has a brand new screen and still works great thanks to that extra 3 year warranty . When you spend almost four grand on a computer , what 's a few hundred extra to secure three years of free repairs !
 I am not a big fan of customer support in general , since it usually takes ages before you get your computer back . But when I had to get my MacBook Pro fixed -LRB- fan to be changed -RRB- , I had a great surprise ! I brought it to the Apple store in Stanford Shopping Center , CA on a Saturday afternoon , and while I expected to get it back 3 to 5 days later , I got a call the next day in the morning . My MacBook Pro was ready in less than 24 hours ! That totally made my day .
 Apple support has been very good in my experience for both desktops and laptops . The turnaround time on my mac laptops when they have had trouble has been less then 48hrs and I have never found an issue which was not covered . This has been true for a replacement G3 powerbook logic board , and the keyboard which failed on my G4 iBook as well as the screen for my friend 's G4 iBook . iMacs and desktops benefit as well from the extended warranty since Apple will send a technician onsite for free to replace the logic board or whatever goes wrong . In the case of our iMac G5 apple replaced the logic board onsite several times before eventually replacing the whole computer with an intel version which did not have the problems of the G5 iMac line . Without the extended warranty the computer would not have been replaced and would have become a $ 1500 doorstop instead of a brand new intel iMac complements of Apple support . My only complaint is that apple released the G5 iMac and certain other faulty models -LRB- powerbook 5300 anyone ? -RRB- without first testing them an addressing some issues which never should have occurred .
 The only way you can even get an AppleCare warranty for a display is when either the display is part of the Mac -LRB- such as iMac and eMac -RRB- , or when the display and Mac are purchased at the same time . Apple is the only company I know of that offers a 3 year protection plan for monitors ! Even the flat panel displays ! That alone is worth the warranty.Things happen - power spikes , magnetic fields , just about anything and poof - your data is gone or worse - your machine no longer functions ! I am the Mac support person where I work and rarely run into major problems , but when I am stumped , I am so glad I can call AppleCare.The folks who answer the phone are never in a hurry - they are patient , friendly and sympathetic . They will spend hours if needed , in helping you diagnose the cause of a problem you 're having and if needed , they will give you a case number and refer you to an Apple-authorized repair center that will make the repairs at Apple 's expense . Naturally , this is not like homeowners insurance - the warranty wo n't cover things like flood or fire , but if something suddenly stops working or is behaving weirdly , this is what you need.Without fail , every AppleCare warranty I 've ever bought has paid for itself several times over . Never buy a new Mac without one !
 These manila folders are the same weight as other folders that I 've used . What I did n't understand when I bought them is that they are not as tall when put into the pentax hanging file holder . Usually , the tab of the manila folder is above the edge of the hanging file . With these folders the tab is about 1/8 inch below the edge of the hanging folder . Not a problem , just something you may want to know before buying .
 These black file folders are a great , inexpensive supply source for making mini albums -- so many file folder mini album projects on YouTube to try out . Black is the ideal color ; no need to stain the edges with ink , etc. . Quality of the folder card stock is perfect for crafting of this sort . Such a fun find for me ! So many things one can do with a file folder , if you have the creativity !
 UPS showed that they delivered my order to my door , but I never received it . The company worked with me to resolve the issue and I could n't be happier with their customer service department .
 These manila folders are the same weight as other folders that I 've used . What I did n't understand when I bought them is that they are not as tall when put into the pentax hanging file holder . Usually , the tab of the manila folder is above the edge of the hanging file . With these folders the tab is about 1/8 inch below the edge of the hanging folder . Not a problem , just something you may want to know before buying .
 These black file folders are a great , inexpensive supply source for making mini albums -- so many file folder mini album projects on YouTube to try out . Black is the ideal color ; no need to stain the edges with ink , etc. . Quality of the folder card stock is perfect for crafting of this sort . Such a fun find for me ! So many things one can do with a file folder , if you have the creativity !
 UPS showed that they delivered my order to my door , but I never received it . The company worked with me to resolve the issue and I could n't be happier with their customer service department .
 I 've used this on every phone I 've ever had and several other electronics and cases . It keeps those slick things from slipping out of cold hands in winter and keeps it from slipping off any other slick type surface -LRB- dashboard , leather couch , etc. -RRB- when you do n't want it to move . Or keeps it from sliding across a wood table if you bump it . It 's wonderful stuff and comes in a variety of shapes to fit pretty much whatever you 're trying to put it on .
 I used these on the underside of my slippery Apple laptop to make it easier to grip from an edge . They work , but large continuous pieces would be better . The material is available in this other format -LRB- perhaps not on amazon ... -RRB- , but it is far more expensive per cm ^ 2 in the larger format , frustratingly , so I have attempted to ` get away with ' this collection of smaller pieces.So
 The Kindle Touch is too smooth for me ; I have to grip it pretty hard to avoid dropping it . These egrips attach securely and work perfectly to keep the kindle in my hand . I love them !
 I would not know what to do without this now that I have used the product . Just stick a piece on the back of your phone and lay it down in your car . Even when I have to hit the brakes suddenly the phone no longer goes sliding into the floor board .
 I 've used these for years now on several phones and cameras . They stick well , and grip with secure non-adhesive friction . They stay where you stick them , IF you prep the surface first with some rubbing alcohol . Even if you do n't , they stick on pretty well . Fr example
 When it first came out of the box I was disappointed , because this mouse ` pad ' is n't a pad at all ... instead it 's paper thin hard plastic . I thought I had been ` had ' as it felt cheap . However after actually using this mouse pad , I 'm happy with the purchase . It grabs on my desk wonderfully . It does n't move around at all , which is very nice . It also has the great ISU logo and looks very good on the desk . After using it for a long time now , I 'm actually glad that it 's thin . Buy this , I do n't think you 'll be disappointed .
 Like the other reviewer before me , I was very disappointed when I first opened the package and saw the super thin mousepad.Boy was I wrong ! The mouse glides over the pad fabulously , it does n't slip , it does n't get in the way because it 's so thin , and of course it supports the Cyclones ! I love it , and highly recommend it !
 I 've had this phone for for more than two years now , and I 've had no problems . The range is great , and the sound is very clear .
 I was in the market for a phone and since I already have one with an answering machine , I just wanted a simple cordless phone at a reasonable price . Enter this little beauty from GE , which is not fancy or packed with features . It 's a simple , easy to use phone that is priced appropriately . The buttons are spaced sufficiently far apart that they are easy to use without unintentionally bumping others and the labeling is nice and clear . Sound quality has been excellent , even as I wander through the house well away from the base unit . So far , this has been a great purchase and I highly recommend it to anyone looking for a bare bones phone that does a rock solid job of delivering on the basics .
 This 2.4 GHZ cordless phone by General Electric is the perfect choice when you want a bare bones cordless telephone and you just do n't want to spend a lot of money . Indeed , it 's about as cheap as you 're ever going to get for a cordless phone from a name brand manufacturer ; and the phone is surprisingly durable and reliable for the money you spend.Setup is easy . Charge the phone first ; anywhere from 8 to 16 hours should do this . If you want , after charging it for an hour , test the handset for a dial tone -- you should be able to get this much even after charging for just one hour . In addition , the buttons are easy to push and not too close so setting up the ten number preset `` memory '' is all the easier . The handset has an easy to use volume control and the find feature works well . I ca n't comment on the `` flash function '' because I have n't used this feature yet.In addition , I would recommend that each night you re-charge the phone by placing it into its base for the night . Obviously , if you do n't re-charge the phone the battery goes dead on you and then you HAVE to re-charge the phone before you can use it again . -LRB- This is one reason why so many people choose to have cordless phones with more than one handset , I assume . -RRB- Overall , this is one awesome tiny little mouse that roared ! I highly recommend this phone for anyone who wants a cordless phone without saying goodbye to their dollars . You wo n't be disappointed .
 If you are looking for a phone that is easy to use and easy to set up , this is the phone . No hassles or dozens of things to remember or deal with that you never use anyways . Just a straight forward easy to use phone . My hearing is n't the best and it is also the first phone that I 've tried that I can hear clearly though . The ringer could have been a little louder but I 'm sure for someone with good hearing it would n't be a problem . Nice phone , great price .
 For those people who are looking for a simple cordless phone that does n't have all the bells and whistles that most of us never use anyway , this GE 2.4 GHz cordless is probably what you are looking for.I 've been using mine for several weeks and I could n't be happier because this phone is about half the weight of my old one , the volume is easily adjustable during a conversation so I can increase it for those soft talking people or quickly reduce the volume for the people who talk too loud.There is a small memory dialer , redial , flash and the other normally used features that us older folks like and the shape fits in my hand or perches on my shoulder more comfortably than the one I used to use.They are so inexpensive that I bought two of them so while one battery pack is being depleted , the other one is being charged . No more missed or dropped calls due to a dead battery for me .
 I got this phone just because I needed a cheap and simple cordless phone . The price on this phone was right and it seemed good for my needs , so I got it . I was pleasantly surprised when it showed up ! It 's actually a really nice-looking phone and works/sounds great ! I 've actually spent more on phones in the past only to find they do n't have basic things like volume control and a way to turn the ringer off . This phone has both functions , which is more than I was expecting . Overall , I 'm really happy with this phone . Especially for the price !
 For a low cost phone , this one is very good . Sound is great , simple to use .
 Since I have a phone line dedicated to family only all I wanted was a truly basic phone that works . No ` bells and whistles ' . The ring , range and vocal pick up is great . I received it in 20.5 hours - it probably , all told , took me longer to research the thing - at no extra shipping cost . It is a purchase no one should regret .
 The phone was ordered easily after reviewing product ratings and arrived within the week - no problems .
 We have a landline that we rarely use -LRB- it 's a cellphone world now -RRB- , so we just needed a basic phone for emergencies . This is it . Inexpensive , with solid performance . Recommended .
 I bought this for my newly redecorated spare bedroom , for which it is perfect . It has a bright backlight , which is good for aging baby boomers !
 This is a no nonsense basic phone with no bells and whistles . If that 's all you want , you will be quite satisfied at the price and its performance .
 It 's a good deal to spend less money on a pretty good cordless phone . I like its color , and its design is simple but elegant.It has ten 20-digit memory numbers and you can turn on/off the ringer which are two function I love to use.The volume is loud enough , of course , you can adjust it at will . The ringer tone type is only two for choosing .
 this product does provide one with the bare minimumbut i am a not happy with the way the headset is designedit kind of makes it uncomfortable to talk to another personfor a long timebut for the price what else did u expect
 This is the third cordless model I have purchased and i 'm very satisfied with it . The reception is very clear and the tactile response of the buttons is positive , not mushy like the other phone I had . If you want a basic phone without a lot of irrelevant features this is the model to buy . The price is also very reasonable . I bought two from Amazon .
 If you are looking for a simple phone that does the job at a great price this is the phone for you .
 YES , PROBLEMS AT HOME HAVE FINISHED , now my wife has his own phone and does not bother me with my line for my work at home . The equipment is excellent and works perfectly .
 If you 're looking for a phone without caller ID and without an answering machine , this is the one you want ! It has a memory function to program several speed dial numbers . Reception is very good anywhere in the house , even out on the front porch ! For the price , you wont find a better deal .
 Simple and easy!Just put it to work . Looking forward to evaluate battery talk and stand by times , as well as recharging alarms .
 Good phone meeting all advertised reatures . UNfortunately it lacks caller ID which my wife desires so we ; re still looking .
 For the price this is a great little phone . I just wanted a extra phone for the extra bedroom
 I liked this product so much I ordered another one , one in white and another in silver . It looks great with my IMac and my screen . Makes both items more stable and in addition to that , with a touch of a finger you are able to turn the imac or screen in either direction . My laptop sits ontop of the turntable that my keyboard and mouse too . I do n't have to worry when my little furry ones jump up on the desk to do their part of sitting on the keyboard , the screen is nice and stable
 I loved my iLamp style iMac . Being able to easily rotate the screen for my students or colleagues was important . Now the I360 turntable allows my new iMac to do the same thing safely and balanced . The only concern was with the assembly instructions - the wrong set was included . But the design is self-obvious and I just did what seemed right .
 Product Excellent service ***** starsThis should be ship with this unit when purchased from apple . I upgraded from my old Imac -LRB- 1/2 sphere with pull down and rotating screen . . I missed the old mac ... But now i LOVE the new one !
 I have no idea why my 5-year old wanted a clipboard . But that one did the job.It looks cool and stands out .
 SMEAD is a great brand for office folders . The heavy duty reinforced tab is a plus so it can hold more paper to be filed .
 The Smead white folders are the highest quality and perfect thickness for my purposes . They are thicker than ordinary interior folders and more durable . They arrived in a timely fashion .
 I have 2 of these stools at my work and have used them daily for over 4 years and they are comfortable and make me sit up straighterWhen I sat in a high back office chair -LRB- much more expensive than this stool BTW -RRB- I would slump and not be as comfortable I can work in thisstool for prolonged periods and it adjusts to any heighth I need and people have tried to get the extra when I bring it to meetingsWe are going to be ordering one for the home soon My husband saw it in my office and said promptly that it worked better than the home office chairs we had so we will be ordering one for the home soon and I predict our girls will want one when they home from collegedw
 At first I thought I was going to get what I paid for , but I soon found out that it works great not only on regular paper , but also card stock and heavier weight paper . This is also great for kids to use due to the fact the blade is very well protected and you or your children can not cut yourself on the blade . Even my mom was surprised in the quality of this product .
 This cutter was much bigger and sturdier than I expected . For under $ 5 , it is a great product . The blade will cut or create an effective perforation . Start out cutting some scrap paper . The directions are very underwritten , so you will want to play around with it . I believe you cut by keeping the cutter straight and perforate by tilting the arm .
 I have not bought this item yet . I have been to their web site and did a google search , and I ca n't find ANYWHERE the list of the 250 cities it has . I travel to smallish towns in the midwest like Springfield MO , so I want to see the list before I buy.Does anyone have it?Thank you .
 Ordered this mouse pad for my cousin a long time ago and has been of good quality . It has proven its durability . Would recommend .
 I purchased about 6 of these binders for myself to use during the school year . I 'm not very careful with my stuff and getting expensive Avery binders was just out of my current economic situation with college coming soon.These binders are well-built with metal rings that do n't bend when you press on them . After having used them for about 7 months , they are starting to fall apart . On two of them , the corners are starting to shed apart and the cardboard is showing . On another two , the inside flaps that hold paper are starting to peel off of the inside cover of the binder . However , for less than two dollars each , I really ca n't complain.Thanks for reading !
 File Folders Smead 1/5 Cut Tab -LRB- Legal Assorted -RRB- / B0015ZW3TAThere 's five colors in this pack , with five of each color , for 25 total legal-size hanging file folders . The Cut Tabs are a bit nice - each file has a number of cut insets in the top of the file , and you can insert the file tabs into the location of your choice , to be moved as necessary . It 's kind of a nifty feature in that you can move the tab inserts around as needed , without having to worry about tape or glue . ~ Ana Mardoll
 I mean they are hanging file folders so what else can I say ? =-RRB- They seem very durable . I am sure they will serve their purpose well .
 Make sure you get a label maker to label all the tabs , or you 'll be writing really small for a couple of hours , not fun .
 First of all , I do n't worry about whether the inserts will work in my printer or typewriter ; I just pick them up and use my pen , one label at a time . Works for me.Second , I have no color system . I just like the varied colors . Let 's say they keep me a little more awake.I do really appreciate the strength of the folders , the option to place the tabs in various slots so that I can see them more easily when I am looking for that one folder that is hiding from me , and the ease of fitting the tabs into the folders ' slots . Also the folders fit perfectly on the tracks built into my desk . Bravo , Smead ! -LRB- Smead does n't sound like a name for Brava . -RRB- So , as far as I am concerned , these folders have what counts . They are strong yet flexible ; they let me be relaxed , and they look good . I think they have been very thoughtfully designed , and I have just ordered another box . Given my proclivity for launching important papers onto my desktop , the need for that order is the best recommendation I can make .
 The Smead Hanging File Folders came well packaged in assorted colors . Though I would have preferred one color only , I could see that Smead made these folders to hold up well against constant `` scooting '' and `` moving back and forth '' that one inevitably does when filing and retrieving files . A good price for a good product .
 I am so happy with these folders . They are DEFINITELY colorful and are indeed brightly colored !! =-RRB- They seem to be sturdy and I love the tabs that come with them !
 And that , my well respected amazon reviewers , is a very good thing . No mishaps on this order . Size , colors , and ability to hang just as described . Sometimes the tried and true is all I want and that is what I got . As to the thinness of the folders themselves , perhaps these are slightly thinner than a previous batch I used , it is almost a non issue but since I compared both , side to side , must admit the ones before where just a bit thicker . Does that matter to the big scheme of things ? In this case , no. 4 Stars for Smead Hanging File Folders , Letter Size , 1/5 Cut Tab , Assorted Colors , 25 Per Box -LRB- 64059 -RRB- .
 As someone who likes to organize and color code everything these hanging folders are perfect ! They are very durable , they dont rip or tear easily . The only complaint I have is that I was not give the right amount of plastic label holders .
 They do exactly as described . They hang and have various colors to help sorting . What more could you ask ?
 I do n't have any of these colors . I only use hanging folders . Smead is the best brand I have ever used .
 What a great price . I am very happy with my purchase and have no complaint . These are just what I was looking for !
 It is colorful and I really like them : -RRB- They really make my drawer beautiful and organize my papers . I 've bought this product when it has the same price with one color package and I was so lucky : D
 I do a lot of filing in my office , and the local stores could not keep enough of these in stock . Amazon had these at a pretty decent price , and as always the ship speed was excellent .
 I needed more folders and bought these on amazon because of the low price and free shipping . I probably would not have chosen colored folders , but whatever . High quality folders WITH inserting tabs -LRB- not all options come with the tabs so be careful -RRB- . Very happy .
 I bought these on Amazon because of the nice price and color options . I 've looked in stores for hanging folders , and the selection is limited . These are very durable compared to other folders I have used.The only con is that some of the labels are also tinted , so it might be hard to read .
 These hanging folders are well made . The only problem is the colored tabs that are difficult to read . Next time I will buy colorless tabs as well .
 This is a really good product for a good price too . it helps me keep everything organized.I would recommend .
 Organization is the key priority here ; I have owned these before - but I 've &#34; KILLED THEM &#34; and literally worn them out therefore , I had to purchase a whole new kit and caboodle ; what is so amazing about Smead Hanging File Folders is that they come in the typical traditional style to the Neon Deon Brights that does n't require batteries to the simple Primary or all the same color or whatever floats your boat . Take your pick , standard to legal ; or both - Amazon has it - ca n't beat the price nor can you beat Smead 's quality either !
 Many of the reviews about this product talked about how colorful they were . While I appreciated this , my main reason for buying new hanging file folders was because my old ones were so flimsy and often fell in the file cabinet . These are much more sturdy , and yes , very colorful , which I enjoy for color-coding purposes .
 Bought a box of these to finally organize the piles of paper I had all over my desk . Honestly , they 're file folders , so there 's not much I think could go wrong , but the bright colors do cheer me up whenever I see them .
 I 've been using some of these hanging folders for about a year now & there 's barely any wear & tear on them . They 're made of very thick , durable paper & come with 4 different color tabs , along with perforated strips of paper for you to use to label your folders . They do exactly what I need them to do -- keep my papers organized .
 Product is sturdy enough to hold my files , and the nice colors are an added benefit . Item can hold many files in one folder .
 These hanging folders have worked very well for me and I have not had any problem with them . Other brands are twice the price , but I do n't see that they are so much different . I 'm happy with these for home use .
 Okay , so maybe a folder is a folder is a folder . But these are excellent quality and do the job they 're meant to do . I will buy them again when I need more . Also , the color is attractive and easy on the eyes .
 So if your looking for a cheap good quality file folders then this is it . It comes with different colors and has hanging side for better or organization . Not only that the tabs can be custumize where you want to place them . must buy
 I got these hanging folders for organizing all of my papers ! I can not believe how much better I feel just having all of my mail and papers organized !
 I purchased these as a gift for our grandson to use in his new file cabinet . They fit perfectly . I liked the idea of the multiple colors so that things could be filed by color . They arrived on time and in perfect condition .
 These folders work well as far as folders go . They are indeed bright colors and showed up in new condition as advertised .
 Thanks for the very nice hanging folders . They work perfect in my file drawer . Nicely priced and well made . Thanks again .
 I have used these files before and they fit perfectly into my letter size file box . Labeling is easy and convenient for locating items quickly .
 Not really , they are hanging folders , what do you expect ? They do exactly what you expect , and they are colorful .
 I love all the colors and how I can file things by groups and color ! Makes olanning lessons so easy for 3 classes .
 These folders fit well into the Two-Tier rolling cart I bought for paperwork . I love the bright colors as well . They were shipped to me really quickly too !
 Actually are red ... not orange , not burgundy , not rose ... fits in standard file folder constructions , survived being stuck -LRB- in box -RRB- in a file cabinet in the back of my truck overnight with dew happening with no noticeable change . Stuff that does what it says it does while looking like it says it looks ! Yay for that !
 I bought two packs -- one of the assorted colors -LRB- light grey , maroon , teal , dark blue , and purple -RRB- and one of the assorted primary colors -LRB- red , orange , yellow , green , and blue -RRB- . They are very durable and come with tabs that you can position wherever you want on top of the folder . The different colors allow for many organization arrangements and ideas . Ca n't go wrong with these !
 I purchased these about two weeks ago to organize my college documents and store them in a safe place . I thought they would feel a little more sturdy when I purchased them . Just a heads up , they 're a little flimsy and feel kind of cheap , but they get the job done.Overall , they 're not horrible .
 I like the colors , nice and strong materials just like I excepted . I 'm happy with this product . 25 folders was the perfect amount for my organization project .
 Product is perfect . It came exactly the way it was described , and it came with extra tab papers . Overall , I am very satisfied with this purchase .
 This product is exactly like the picture . It does the job intended . Seem durable and seem like they will hold up nicely .
 Yup , these are hanging file folders . Have been working fine for about the last 6 months now in conjunction withAlera FW601424BL Single-Tier Rolling File Cart , 24w x 14d x 21h , Black.When I ran out though I picked up a box of 50 at Costco , which I believe are a bit more economically priced .
 Works perfectly for my file cabinet . I like all the different colors to distinguish between files . I 'm happy with my purchase .
 I ordered these to organize all by business papers and etc , I like the colors and quality seems great . The labels were easy to insert and fit perfectly .
 These hanging folders were just what I needed to organize my paper work into my huge lateral file . Quick delivery also . Thanks !
 It might be obvious to you , but -LRB- before ordering -RRB- it took me a few minutes to figure out what the difference is between this product and the `` 64059 '' variant.This one -LRB- the 64056 one -RRB- comes with 5 each of gray , maroon , navy , purple and teal . The 64059 variant comes with 5 each of brighter blue , green , orange , red and yellow colors . So if you want more than 5 different colors , get a pack of each ! : - -RRB-
 They are fine . Colorful folders with co-ordinated plastic tabs . These actually have the tabs . Some of the cheaper offerings do n't come with tabs .
 I can get the green folders for much less at the warehouse club , but prefer the colorful folders . These seem to be well made and at a good price .
 Did n't get the colors I had expected on these . The picture and description lead me to believe that the `` bright '' more vibrant variety of the folders would be delivered - the lime green , bright pink , etc. . Not so . The ones I received were the plain red , green , blue , yellow , and orange . It may seem picky , but when you base your filing on a specific set of colors , it 's diappointing none the less.Still good quality folders , just not what I had expected .
 I just ordered another set of 4 of these , they are wonderful . The varied colors were great for me , allowing easy recognition , in filing music , and for the price , excellent product !
 I got this hanging folder to go with the striped Bankers Boxes sold on Amazon it fit 's it perfectly for personal and business files . It works great I 've had it for more than a year and it 's still holding strong .
 Love the colors - way better than the drab colors of most other filing folders . As another reviewer mentioned , they may be bright compared to other products , but not neon . They were exactly what I was looking for though so I 'm happy . They are also nice and sturdy.Disclaimer
 helps turn a drab home-office a little more peppy -LRB- I mixed-and-matched tab colors for fun too -RRB- . color-coding made organization easier .
 There is n't a lot to say about these , they 're hanging file folders , they 're colorful , they work great ! Glad that I bought them !
 I love the bright color for these smead files folders . They help my file drawer look fun , which is something that makes me smile instead of dread opening up the darn thing .
 Love the color , and the price is right . I like having all one color instead of the rainbow look . Classy !
 I color-code things for my taxes , and these are just perfect . The red tabs are hard to read -LRB- the plastic is kind of dark -RRB- , but I used a sharpie and that fixed the problem .
 Good quality , love the organization options with the colors . The tabs are secure and I have n't had any fall apart .
 These are decently hardy and brightly colored . I wish the hooks were a tad bit wider for better support , but other than that , these are quite good .
 Like the colors and helps organize my files . Not too thick or too thin . Glad I bought two boxes and would purchase again !
 Use it to manage my files easily . the file folders are colorful and easy to recognize the category of your files .
 These Smead Hanging Folders come with the tabs , are very sturdy and well-made . The folders hold a good amount , -LRB- such as product manuals , multi-page documents , booklets , etc. -RRB- and I 've had no problem with the folder tearing away from the metal hanging bars -LRB- as I 've had happen with some other brands -RRB- . I like how the tabs -LRB- which I simply filled in by hand -RRB- are easily repositioned according to our needs and stay on very well.I go through each of our file cabinets once or twice a year to update/rotate their contents , and the last time I did this I replaced all of our existing hanging folders with these Smead Hanging Folders.I 'm sold on these Smead Hanging Folders and plan only to purchase these from now on -- I happily recommend these folders to anyone looking for great quality at a great price !
 Sturdy , light and clear . Love the colors . The only thing I do n't like is the price . Note this are just the pockets , you have to buy the unit separately to put this pockets on .
 We purchased this item a few months ago . So far there has been no problem with this item . It works great !
 I wanted paper that would work with fountain pens and fountain pen ink , and this paper works perfect for that as there is no bleeding and my fountain pens glide smoothly over the surface . The paper is thin at 16 # -LRB- Ampad also makes `` Executive '' Gold Fibre pads with `` heavy weight '' 20 # paper , but it is more expensive than these 16 # paper pads , sometimes as much as four times as much per pad -RRB- , but not so thin that it 's a problem . I do n't write on both sides of pads like these , but I could if I wanted to given that even black fountain pen ink does not show through so much as to make the backs of the pages unusable . Even black Sharpie permanent marker ink does not bleed on this paper , though it does show through to a degree that would make the unwritten on side unusable . The fact that the sheets are perforated at the top is convenient ; the sheets tear off cleanly every time and do not tear off merely as a result of being folded over . The pads are well-bound and the cardboard backing is sturdy and stiff enough that I can use these pads on my lap without additional support .
 thank goodness I finally found this on Amazon . This fits in my bag , gives me enough space and I do n't have to re-write the addresses and phone numbers every year , that section pulls out to transfer to next year 's calendar .
 I 've owned this phone for 3 years now and have n't had any problems so far . The spare battery compartment on the phones base is a big help when I forget to charge my phone . The only draw back is that the answering machines digital voice recording makes both incoming and outgoing message sound garbbled .
 Help , I lost my manual and was wondering if anyone can help me get another copy of it.my e-mail is mebud2fly2@aol.com Thank you
 I personally think this phone is great ! I love it , i love the mailboxes and the feature of checking any one of them when i 'm away from home . The handset is fantastic with numbers at hand . I love that you can check messages from another room . And it 's great because a headset is included . This phone is just fantastic.I 've had no problem with static , perhaps in an isolated area it might have a problem , but that 's to be expected , because duh , it 's an isolated area . I 've had no problems whatsoever with this phone .
 This device works great . I only use it as a remote mouse when using my PC to watch Hulu , Netflix , etc. . The mouse pointer control is very precise , if a little slow , and the left/right click buttons are very responsive . The range is very good . Battery life seems fine , though I am sure if you use the laser pointer it would eat up more juice . The setup is non-existent , plug in the USB dongle and you 're set . Build quality is great , feels very solid while in use , I 've dropped it a lot with no damage . I 've had it for about a year with no problems . Highly reccomended .
 I use wireless mouses for my job as a trainer . I am always looking for a nice presenter and mouse combined . This is a great presenter at a lower cost . The rubber piece in the middle is the mouse , and it works great , just a tad slower compared to other options . But it does work great , just have to get use to the rubber piece and maneuvering it . The only recommendation I would have is to make the mouse more user friendly , but otherwise it has great battery life and is plug and play which works great going for different classrooms .
 I love this remote . I paid $ 49.99 for it about 2 years ago and everyone in the shop wants to borrow it . The single AAA battery can last a long time , if you can remember to turn the unit off at the end of the day , and it 's easy to replace when needed . Our classrooms are about 30 feet long with the computer at the far end . A few times I had to re-connect with a different channel but that 's easy enough to do . One of the best features I like is that it 's small and light enough to fit in my front shirt pocket .
 I 've been using this presenter and am very satisfied with the price and its functionality . The range of this presenter is great as well . I have read some of the other posts listed here and would like to add to it.Those who find the range of this device unsatisfactory may need to reset the receiving unit and change to a different channel . This is because there may be other signals interfering with the unit . In order to do this . . You will have to locate the reset button at the end/tip of the USB receiver . Press that once and a green light will start to blink . Now on your presenting unit , locate the ` connect ' button on the underside . While the green light is flashing on the USB receiver press the ` connect ' button on the presenting unit and voila ! you 've successfully changed your channel and hopefully fixed any signal interference issues.Hopefully this post would help others fix any issues.Pros : - quick and easy to use - no drivers needed - 4 main functional buttons -LRB- back , next , blackout screen , stop/play -RRB- - laser pointer is bright enough . . -LRB- not as bright as some laser pointers that really burns your retina -RRB- - mouse/laser function - on/off switch for laser -LRB- this will help laser mishaps that will drain your batteries , uses 1x AAA battery -LRB- easy to replace -RRB- . Cons : ca n't really use the laser and mouse function at the same timewould like to see a timer on this unitUSB has no flash memory capability to store powerpoint presentationsConclusion : This is a great unit overall . I bought this for 18 with free shipping.You can access the manual for this unit on the Targus website .
 We were very worried after reading the reviews on this product , but had gotten a really good deal on one because of a price being mislabeled at a local store.Still we did n't want to waste any money on something that did n't work.Since we needed it the next day , we decided to give it a chance and try it out.Very pleasantly surprised that everything functioned as expected . We even took it across the house form the computer a couple rooms away - out of the line of sight of the USB receiver and it still moved the power point slides !! For the price we paid , we are very happy , although we have not had it long enough to see how it works once the battery has died down a bit , but at least it 's a AAA so it is easy to replace .
 My wife used this when she taught . other then when the batter dies and u do n't have a replacement ready have not had any issues .
 I am a scholar/lecturer who relies regularly on this device to provide remote control over power point lectures . The problem ? Often the computer is in one part of the room , while access to the screen or podium is several feet away . This device is an elegant solution to the vexing problem of logistics in the classroom . I have run lectures from up to 40-50 feet away with no problems at all.This very small and lightweight unit easily stows away in a shoulder bag or computer case . I carry mine everywhere -- and generally forget I have it until I need it . It is ideal for classroom use , or when you have to rely on a laptop or -- worse -- someone else 's computer at a presentation . It seems to work on any Windows-based machine , including VISTA . And it resolves the musical chairs problem generally associated with seminars with multiple presentations
 I have been using this particular presenter for a few years -LRB- borrowed from a friend -RRB- and decided to purchase one for myself . It 's simple to use - just plug in the USB and turn it on . I like that it has an on/off switch but it 's easy to forget to turn it off . My favorite feature is that it has mouse-capability . I can click through slide shows or use the middle button to move my mouse and click on links from anywhere in my classroom . It 's worth every penny ! I 've looked at and used some of the cheaper ones but this one does exactly what I need and works great ! And it only takes 1 AAA battery !
 Battery life has been excellent , never a problem with having a windows computer detect it , never needs drivers -LRB- huge plus for me because my work computers are all locked down from adding any software -RRB- . Button are large enought to manage without fumbling through . Small enough to stick in my pocket while walking around and doing my presentation.What I did like about this unit was the laser pointer and the mouse function . The laser pointer which I really thought I would n't need came in handy , did n't know what I was missing till I used it . The mouse function is great when doing a presentation because let 's say the computer acts up and you need to control your computer , well your pointer works as a mouse and you can correct the problem in the middle of your presentation -LRB- ie accidentally showing the wrong presentation and need to load a different presentation , but the computer is in an area where you ca n't get to it -RRB- . Now the mouse is n't some `` gaming '' mouse , it works just enough in a pinch to move about on your screen , it works identially to the old eraser head mouse the ibm lap tops used to have -LRB- think of a thumb joystick -RRB- .
 Pros ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ * Great feel to them , the plastic is sturdy and solid . * Better than doing something yourself which I though about.Cons ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ * The lids -LRB- clear containers -RRB- are a little flimsy , so do n't expect to put something inside and turn them upside down .
 A fun manipulative , especially if you just ca n't ` see ' the unfolded shapes in your mind . The manipulatives make simple geometry problems easier . I think it 's great using these as toys with young children -- using the correct terminology of the shapes while playing.The lids are a little flimsy -- I worry about breaking the two tiny plastic tabs that keep the lids in place . The colored shapes are thinner than I thought they would be and only hold their shape while inside the hard case . The overheads were scratched -- but I did n't want the hassle of returning them . The dark colors were easy to see , however the lighter colors were difficult to see ; I 'll have to go over them with a darker permanent marker.Overall , I like them and would buy them again .
 I have owned this phone for about a year now , and I am very satisfied with it . The jog dial is great , with tremendous capacity , and so much easier than trying to remember `` location numbers '' for everyone . The intercom feature has saved us from having to yell for someone elsewhere in the house . My only regret is that I did n't buy a 3rd cordless handset while they were still available . By the time I realized I wanted one , Sony had discontinued them for some reason . We 've also had no problems with the equipment even though one of the handsets was dropped outside on the concrete . In reading the other reviews , I see that someone had quite a few problems with theirs , but fortunately , that 's not been our experience . Now if only I could find that extra handset , and at a reasonable price ...
 I reviewed this phone before and this is only to back that review after 3 + years of regular use . We also got an additional set for this and paid like $ 279.99 for two handsets and this phone.This is the last phone to come from Sony who later got out of making Home Phones . Ever since , I hardly find a good looking phone that beats this one in style.I ca n't compare it with other phones as I did n't get to use any . All I have to say about this phone after 3 + years is , it does what a perfect phone needs to do . Very clear , loud , excellent buttons , nice and big LCD for viewing caller-id , very good speaker phone and digital answering machine.The battery stength is very good and did n't have to replace it yet nor does it show any signs of battery dieing anytime soon.Hope Sony comes back to making home phones which will have intelligent features like cell phones .
 I 've been through MANY other phones , both for myself and for my stepmother who always , unintentionally , tested the poor phones for durability . These were the best I 've tried and the only phone not to tear up within a month of my stepmother 's use.The handset shape is comfortable , the audio excellent , and the buttons easily visible . The only change I 'd make in the design is having it so that a call could be transferred from one handset to another without having to use the intercom feature.I have two SPP-A2780 systems with all their additional handsets and they do not interfere with each other . I put numbers on the top of each handset so I can easily tell which system it goes with . When I want to talk with someone in another part of the house , I just intercom the handset we typically have in that area - very convenient!If ever a handset is not responding , as with most electronics , simply reboot . You can restore proper function by disconnecting the battery for a few seconds and then reconnecting . Confirm by placing the unit in a charger.The three systems of which I know , and their handsets , are still going strong after more than two years !
 The cordless handset works well , much better than our last one , which died after 15 months , and can be used in our backyard , even with airplanes overhead -LRB- we live near O'Hare -RRB- . Ca n't find an extra handset in stores and should have bought one at time of original purchase . We forget to plug in the handset but it holds its charge very well . Would have liked a cordless handset on the basephone , but works okay . Speaker phone works very well . Still get confused trying to do all the things this phone can do and refer often to manual .
 I 've had this phone for three years now , and it works great . Unfortunately my daughter spilled a coke on the base and fried the circuit board . I 'm picking up a replacement station in e-bay for around $ 20 ... Well worth the original price .
 PRO
 I noticed a few reviewers having problem with their phones but not mine . I have one additional handset too and I just love this phone and so do many of my friends who visit us . The phone by default automatically connects when you pick up from base unit but you can change the setup not to do that.The voices are clear and very loud . The finishing and style of this product are exceptional . I think Sony discontinued this model and I do n't see any more phones made by them in most stores . Wondering if they decided to quit making phones . I suggest grad one of this model or SPPS2730 with base unit keypad before they are all gone .
 PRO
 I have this phone with two additionial handsets , they all work great with no static . Only reason I did not give it 5 stars is because if you pick it up off the base to read the caller-id you have taken it off the hook and have no option but to talk or hang up on who ever it is .
 I bought two of these units back in the mid 90 's , one for the office and one for our home . I still have one of them and it 's working like a champ over 15 years later . We gave away the second machine and now I wish I had it back , because the newer model digital answering machines just do n't seem to have the call quality , ease of use and durability . The 1725 has 4 different mailboxes , so you can put on your recorded message
 I bought my 1725 about 6 years ago -LRB- in 1998 -RRB- and it has never failed me . When I recently got married , my husband had the same machine and has had his for 3 or 4 years . We are giving away one of the machines to a friend since they both still work well . Neither my husband or I have ever had a problem with it . I love the amount of time we have on the machine and we can instruct someone to use another box on the machine so we know right away if they have called . I 'm sure there are newer and better machines out there now but we do n't need to bother with them . This still fits my needs after 6 years .
 This is a great machine . I bought it in 4 '00 & it lasted till 5 '12 . . when a lightning strike blew it out . I was very upset . . there are almost no ans . machines in the stores , except for 1 simplistic model in some stores.Luckily , I was able to find it on Amazon . . it works geat!Granted . . I only use 1 mailbox & do n't know about using the other 3 mailboxes -LRB- only to record memos for myself @ home -RRB- . I love this machine , and for anyone who this machine did n't work for , it had to be one bad one in the bunch .
 I was introduced to answering machines as a sales rep for Lanier Business Products . Lanier in the 1980 's offered call in dictation systems . One product , The Messenger , had four microcassettes offering separate messages boxes . Telephone tones allowed remote retrieval as well as control over dictating messages . I checked one of these out of inventory and used this $ 2000 machine in my home . I liked the products and the company name . When i left Lanier i took the name as a ficticious business name . I changed my name to Lanier when I married.Years later I managed my wife 's medical practice . We have tried many answering machines over the years . The GE two tapes system worked decently . These tape machines broke down often due to the mechanical nature . Operationally I had been spoiled by my Lanier machine.The AT&T ; 1725 peforms similar to the Messenger yet with a digital system . We bought the 1725 for the home and office . I have used the same machines for approximately 15 years without any problems.Programming is simple . Message retrieval is simple and commands are announced as needed . The best function is easily moving messages to other boxes for later use . Also the ability to leave a message in a box other than the default box one . I at times use the outgoing announcement to guide messages into specific boxes.Two outgoing messages simplify situations of in the office and out of the office.Robert J. Lanier June 2008
 I bought this item , i have found out that this dictionary is really amazing on the design and comfortable in carrying . Plus , it has a good explanation and understanding in the vocabulary , and other extra functions , like calculator and timetable . I recommened this is a good thing for English learner !
 I got this phone about four months ago , and I could n't be more pleased ! The answering machine portion works great , the voices come out clear , not garbled like with some digital answering machines . It 's easy for me to skip through messages if I do n't want to listen to the whole thing , I just hit erase , and it 's instantly gone . It 's got great reception , very clear , even when I stray far from the base . I am impressed at how durable it is , I 'm very hard on phones . My cat kicks it off the coffee table repeatedly , and I 've dropped it a million times it seems , and it keeps on working . Yes , you do have to hit the `` off '' button to end the call . With all it 's good points , I really do n't mind having to turn it off when I 'm done with a call . As to the programming , yes , I had to use the manual , but it was fairly easy for me to figure it out , and I 'm usually inept at that kind of stuff . I could not be more pleased with it !
 When I bought these binders I thought they will just do the job . But I realised they are really strong and look very nice on the shelf , especially that I was able to put paper labels in the transparent pockets and was easy to change anytime . I love these binders and I bought 10 and if my business grows I 'll get more of them . Thanks to Avery !!!
 Very fast shipping . The price is much cheaper than other places even I had to pay extra for shipping . The product is good ; I mean it is the same as what you can find in stationary stores . It 's just right side for my seminar courses with tons of papers .
 This pen is perfect ... it writes beautifully , the laser pointer is bright , and the led flashlight function is handy ! The stylus does n't work on my Apple items -LRB- iPad , iPhone , etc. -RRB- but I still keep it with me when using my iPad and you do have to be careful on how you store it when it 's not in use - because the buttons on the pen are easily pressed and this will drain the batteries.The pen came with two sets of batteries and two ink cartridges ... so no need to worry about having to buy replacements anytime soon - and it all fits in a sleek metal case -LRB- so I wont lose my extra back ups -RRB- . Well worth the money
 I bought a pen like this for my mom for christmas from Amazon , and now I am reading reviews about it everywhere ... Great value , light-weight , screen-protecting stylus , and even that the pen is refillable . Then I saw that it was a laser pointer . That made my day !
 One of the greatest all in one solutions I have ever used . Truly functional in every way . Amazon Seller XpressTech has this item available . In the last 6 month they are the only seller which has been able to fill orders for this item.Belkin QUADRA 4-IN-1 Pen , Stylus , Laser Pointer & LED ; light
 It 's a pen ! It 's a stylus ! It 's a lamp ! No ... it 's a laser ray !
 After reading some of the other reviews for this product , I am a little dissapointed at the complaints about battery life . The biggest problem I noticed was the buttons on this pen have a tendency to get pressed in your pocket . If the buttons are getting pushed while in your pocket , it is easy to understand why the batteries do n't last too long . Once you figure out how to carry it around without inadvertantly pushing the buttons , you will find the batteries last alot longer.The replacement batteries are a little expensive if you get them from your local Radio Shack . It takes 4 LR41 batteries at $ 3.29 a piece !!! Luckily , with a little effort these batteries can be found for sale on the internet much cheaper . I actually ordered 100 of these batteries on the internet for 29 cents a piece , and shipping was included.The biggest problem I 've faced is finding ink refills . I have been unable to find the belkin refills locally , and ordering pen refills online is expensive due to shipping unless you order in bulk . There are other refills available at your local office supply store , but all I have seen are 3-packs with 3 different colors for $ 3.00 . Overall , this is a great pen and overall tool ! I am an auxiliary operator at a nuclear power plant , and this pen is awesome . The stylus is very useful for taking readings throughout the plant on my PDA , and I use the laser often for pointing out equipment issues to other people/workgroups , and also for training new operators . I would recommend this pen for anyone who has a need for a pen and stylus or laser pointer .
 I will admit that I am somewhat a computer geek , and so when I received this as a gift I thought it was very cool . I then ordered one for a friend at work who absolutely loved it . He probably liked the laser pointer the most because it gave him one less thing to carry to his meetings , and it came in very handy at times . This pen is very light but seems to be quite durable . The pen is easy to refill , as are the batteries for the laser pointer and flashlight.It makes a great gift for any geek you may know . : -RRB-
 When I first got my Quadra almost 5 years ago I played with the laser all the time like a kid with a new toy . The lasers ' intensity became dim as the batteries wore out during the first 2 weeks that it never left my hand . Imagine my embarassment when someone asked to use my gadget in a meeting and my batteries were spent . After that I found cheap batteries online . With normal use of the laser and multiple daily use of the LED light a set of batteries will last 3 months or longer . Later I bought spare ink cartridges . They are standard and last for approx 20 pages full of writing . More than most students will do quarterly in this age of the PC . I bought 8 of these for gifts . Only 5 made it to others and I 've kept 3 as spares . I keep it clipped to the front of my button up shirt with half in and half out . The buttons never get accidently pressed after you become aware of where not to grab it when removing it from your shirt . I have used stylus type PDAs for 9 years and so all the more value to me . There is no other similar product to compare this to ! I 've looked . My only complaint is that when you replace the batteries you need to make sure the buttons are facing down so they do n't get jamned up and not work properly later . Oops . Another complaint is that these style of ink cartridges do n't seem to write on every surface . OEM or German manufactured . They always work on writing paper , but some glossy papers or smooth surfaces -LRB- bathroom wall tiles -RRB- will not provide enough friction to turn the rollerball . Also , learn from my mistakes . Do n't be tempted to entertain children with the laser . They will cry until you let them play with it . After they point the bright hazardous laser light into the your eyes , their eyes , and the eyes of other children and adults , you wo n't be popular with anyone . :--RRB- -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I bought this pen four years ago and it has served me well.Pros - Relatively light weight for everything that it is . - Laser pointer is very visible in medium light from across the room . - LED Flashlight is effective in very dim lighting for about 9 feet . - Ink has never refused to write on any typical surface . - The clip STILL has n't broken off or bent -LRB- That 's record for me -RRB- - Stylus is soft enough to not scratch my screen.Cons - Batteries have a short life . I spent $ 12 at Walmart to replace the four batters each time , until I found four for $ 3 on Froogle . - The buttons get pressed too easily accidentally . It is common for the laser point to be running for hours until I notice it in my laptop bag . - Ink is short lived but not too expensive to replace .
 This pen has a laser , led light , stylus , and ink pen . The pen performs as advertised . Nits ... When placed in your pocket the 2 buttons can get pressed which will activate the laser or led and can run the battery down . An improvement would be to a have a slide switch to turn these buttons on and off or perhaps the button activation pressure could be stiffer . I still carry a PDA and use the stylus tip with it . The pen is a little long for many shirt pockets . Buy extra betteries as you will need them . There are multipacks available here at Amazon . Buy them here because otherwise they are expensive . My cat will chase the laser beam :-RRB- Overall a very good product .
 What more would you really want . A little pricy but covers all needs , personal and business ...
 I have used this product in about 10 presentations since I bought it . I could n't be more satisfied.The major difference between this remote and -LRB- most -RRB- others is that this is NOT a mouse , it is a keyboard emulation . The advantage is that you can actually go back -LRB- reverse your presentation -RRB- , which is something that is very cumbersome with a mouse -LRB- right-click , then choose Previous menu option -RRB- . The most used buttons are obviously forward and reverse , but I certainly do appreciate the `` Hide slide '' button . The hide slide effectively blanks out the screen , which is good if you want your audience not to see your slide when they walk in the room , or for an intermission , or when you draw something on a board , etc. . Unfortunately , I have experienced some minor problems with the Hide slide button in PowerPoint 2003 . No problems in earlier versions.The only downside I have experienced is some interference from computer speakers . If your computer speakers are positioned between the remote and your receiver in the USB port , you may have to click twice to actually get the signal through . -LRB- NOTE
 This works perfectly , just plug and play . We use it for powerpoint presentations from a Mac `` clamshell '' laptop , no problem whatsoever . This is the second one we have purchased , only because one of the little s **** at my husband 's school stole the usb transmitter from the first one ! Keep this baby locked up !
 I use MC PRO from Testify Software for my Music Ministry and this is the only remote that will control all of the functions for uninterupted playback .
 I will tell you right now , I am not a professional . Just a picture-taking mother of a busy 1 year old . I have tried several different types of paper and have to say I 'm quite impressed with the quality of my images with this paper . Feels like a real photo and cuts nicely with my paper-cutter . Some papers do n't cut cleanly . This dries quickly and makes wonderful prints . I ca n't wait to try the Glossy . I can not believe the difference in this paper . It is fantastic . The pictures of my daughter 's 1st Birthday turned out better than I ever imagined , thanks to Kodak . Also , Amazon prices on this item ca n't be beat ! I will be adding this to my online shopping list as a regular item to purchase . My next order will be for the Glossy , so I will let you know on that , too !
 I love Kodak Ultima paper . It prints great on my lexmark printer . The colors look more vibrant and black prints are even sharper . I 've already tried the other kinds photo papers and nothing beats Kodak Ultima . It is way better than kodak premium and well worth the extra money . It has a real professional texture and the gloss makes your pictures stand out more . I believe that Ultima is the exact same paper that is used in the `` Kodak Picture Maker '' .
 My wife bought this for her business . It 's the best paper available out there for printing professional photos . There is no more available on 71 lb paper anymore . That 's the bad thing !
 I 've tried numerous papers on my aging HP 970 CXi and HP 930C printers , and for glossy prints Kodak Ultima is by far the best . The paper is thick , heavy , and relatively durable . Even heavy black areas dry quickly . Greyscale looks like greyscale , not like sepia as it does on many other papers . Colors are vibrant with sharp edges , and true to the original , especially when the saturation is boosted one notch in the print driver . I have not been able to test the paper on other printers , but if it 's anything like this you wo n't be dissapointed .
 Nice Photo Paper , I have ordered three shipments of 400 sheets each and was satisfied with each and every sheet until my last shipment where the paper warps out of shape and jams the printer . If the paper is stored on a flat surface with a book on top or if the paper is left wrapped in it 's original shipping pkg until you are ready to print no problem .
 The photo paper arrived promptly as promised and I am 100 percent pleased with this product .
 This paper is alright . Photos printed pretty good . Only complaint is that the paper is not as glossy as the Canon Photo Pro paper.Review based on photos printed from a Canon S750 printer .
 This phone is great . The reception is as clear as a bell . The caller id on call waiting is great , let 's you know who is calling while you are already on the phone . If it is not an important call you do n't have to interupt your call that you are already on . Has alot of extra features that are convenient . There are 4 mailboxes each with thier own ext. # . So everyone in the home can recieve their own messages . Also has remote access to each mailbox . It even tells you if another extension line is in use so you do n't have to interupt a family members call , simply wait until they are done to use the phone . Ca n't say enough you 'll have to but it and try it yourself .
 I Received Top Grain Leather on MY mouse pad . The leather is smooth and the mouse pad itself is slightly padded . You can tell by the grain and the smell that this is real leather . The mouse pad is practical and adds that little extra touch to my desk .
 Yesterday I purchased Sony 's SPP-S2720 -LRB- Quadra Station 2.4 -RRB- cordless phone with an additional handset . I am a student at McGill University in Montreal ; I live in a sky-rise and I have been having trouble all year long finding a clear , non-static , non-interference cordless telephone . I started out with a Bellsouth phone that was broke before I even took it out of the box -LRB- which the company refused to fix -- never again will I even consider Bellsouth for a product brand -RRB- , then I had this cheap V-tech 900 MHz cordless -LRB- terrible , terrible , I hear more outside noise and interference than an actual voice -RRB- and then I tried an older Sony 900 MHz . It got to the point where I used my cell phone in my flat instead of my normal telephone because I was getting better reception with the cell . HOWEVER , my new telephone is ABSOLUTELY WONDERFUL and worth every single penny -LRB- this telephone is a bit pricier than most -RRB- . I love all of the features , it is simple to use and it has amazingly clear reception . I have been testing it out all day to try to pinpoint and target flaws -LRB- I am a very skeptical consumer -RRB- and I can not find one . I have not picked up a conversation from any other residents in my building while using it . The phone consistently functions up to par -- I have even tried using it around the microwave , television , etc. -LRB- appliances that are supposed to cause interference -RRB- and the reception & quality of sound remain excellent . As far as programming goes , the telephone is very user-friendly -LRB- I happen to be quasi-computer illiterate ; thus , I need things to be fairly simple and explanatory -RRB- . The telephone is also durable -LRB- did I mention that I drop things a lot ? -RRB- . In sum , the quality of this telephone is EXCELLENT ! I have been through 3 telephones this year , spending over -LSB- price -RSB- only to be disappointed . So this time around I did my research and really shopped around . I am completely satisfied with my purchase . I use my telephone a lot -- To register for classes , to call up professors , to talk to my friends & family back home in the States , to check voicemail , coordinating & scheduling various events for the extracurriculars and councils that I sit on , etc. so I need a reliable phone that will not hinder what I need to accomplish ... There is nothing more agitating and annoying then saying , `` Hold on , let me change channels '' at least 20 times per conversation or `` Can you hear me ? Do you hear the echo ? Is that another conversation ? '' or `` Bad connection , can I call back ? '' -- I am very pleased with this telephone ... It 's efficiency , easy access , convenience , reliability and sound quality are stellar !
 PRO
 This phone is just what you would expect from Sony . Big and easy to use , it features Caller ID detection as well as cordless expansion . Would be best for you if you already have Voice mail because this particular model does n't feature a digital answering machine . But it is nicely designed and is part of a product line which includes other cordless phones you can use with this model .
 This phone has it all . It is like a high quality cell phone , for your house . I got it over at another store , but this phone is great . I have not experienced any problems with the range , infact I have taken it out of my house , and walked my dog with it , and I was about 100 yards away from my house , and I still got my calls . The reception was fine as well , much better then the older 900mghz Sony model that I bought 3 years ago . If you like Sony products , and are in for a new phone , go get this one , it is perfect for the house expecially with the multi phone add on option .
 I 'm not much of a phone person . But this phone provides absolutely everything I needed . Caller ID , intercom -LRB- I lose everything , including my phone under my laundry -RRB- , powerful cordlessness , and a sexiness factor that is unmatched . Price was right . I even brought it in to work and it received so much praise that the president told me to go buy one for the front desk as well . So go buy one already , enough of those phones that die and get crackly when you leave the room.Overall , superb !
 The product I am reviewing is 6.5 mil -LRB- bought in Wal Mart -RRB- , but the one on Amazon site seems to be 6 mil . Otherwise , everything else is identical including the pictures on the envelope.My printer is HP 4215 . I lost some 5 sheets of paper in the beginning due to poor quality of print . I have set the printer dialog to `` Glossy Photo Paper '' with best quality , but the pictures were much darker than they appeared on my LCD screen . Then I tried to print the same picture on a plain paper and the print out came out much better . So , it was obvious that there is something wrong with the paper or my printer dialog settings . I tried various settings to figure out the best configuration.Final seetings are `` plain paper '' and print quality is set to `` best '' . With these settings , printouts were as good as they appeared on the screen.I wanted this paper to work with my printer because they are very inexpensive compared to HP paper .
 I bought this for my Dad for Fathers Day last year as he is a 57 Chevy Collector . It 's a great item for that reason , but I doubt he would replace his home phone with it . Not exactly designed for a long conversation , but definitely a conversation piece . I would gladly buy one again if I knew another collector .
 Came in a nice protected box but the middle section of the board had a sticky substance on it that made it impossible to use until it was thoroughlly cleaned . It almost looked like it had been used before . Once it was cleaned it was fine though . All in all a good product .
 When my original phone 's performance started to suffer from probably being dropped that `` one too many times '' , I decided to get this phone and use the original one as a spare . The new hanset made it like starting with a whole new phone system again . Since you can add up to 4 phones , I should have this system for a long time . I love my Sony Phones !!!!!
 Have had the phone for more than 4 years , handset went out , so went out and bought new GE 6.0 ghz , what a piece of junk , could not see the numbers , could not hear on it . I have hearing problem , and to date , the Sony is the only phone that actually has volume control that works for me . I also love the jog dial feature for entering names and phone numbers.Wish Sony would make the new 5.8 or 6 ghz phones , but till then . This is still the best there is .
 I 've been through MANY other phones , both for myself and for my stepmother who always , unintentionally , tested the poor phones for durability . These were the best I 've tried and the only phone not to tear up within a few months of my stepmother 's use.The handset shape is comfortable , the audio excellent , and the buttons easily visible . The only change I 'd make in the design is having it so that a call could be transferred from one handset to another without having to use the intercom feature.I have two SPP-A2780 systems with all their additional handsets and they do not interfere with each other . I put numbers on the top of each handset so I can easily tell which system it goes with . When I want to talk with someone in another part of the house , I just intercom the handset we typically have in that area - very convenient!In response to one reviewer saying a handset was no longer responsive - as with most electronics , simply reboot . You can restore proper function by disconnecting the battery for a few seconds and then reconnecting . Confirm by placing the unit in a charger.The three systems of which I know , and their handsets , are still going strong after more than two years !
 This Sony is a second handset to my original purchase . It 's the only cordless phone I have found that has large letters for the caller ID . I was thrilled to be able to get a second handset , because my original one was bought at least 10 years ago . I am sure Sony has kept this product available because it is a good phone . I may even get another handset . Up to four additional handsets can be added on to the base phone.The original phone 's keypad is wearing out , but it has been a great phone for over 10 years . Also a great price . Ca n't beat it .
 Sony SPP-H273 Additional Handset for Sony Cordless Telephones SPP-S2720 / S2730/A2770/A2780It is replacement/addition for existing one - now I have two handsets . New has 5 years to go :-RRB- . I based my opinion on the existing handset . Old is giving me a hard time due to dialing keys
 Bought the Sony telephone & answering machine system , was happy with it , not as happy when cordless phone had problems , but lived with it , finallygot new cordless phone at good price from Amazon , it works great , better than before , will consider adding another one on to the system , thanks .
 I really like the features of this 5.4 ghz phone , and the clarity is really good , however , the range is n't as good as my 900mhz spread spectrum phone .
 Great assortment of beautiful book marks for the Van Gogh lovers . A little smaller than expected but a great selection of his work .
 These bookmarks are just what I needed , they are beautiful and of good quality . My favorite one is the starry night but all of the bookmarks are equally beautiful , with Van Gogh you cant go wrong . I am planning on collecting different bookmarks from this publisher so I have a good variety for my books . Overall a great buy for only 1.50 !
 These are a great deal for the price . Good to use as a filler item !
 I bought these for an art-appreciative co-worker who loves reading . They were n't much -LRB- I was aiming for the free shipping and this was a great filler -RRB- but I definitely feel I got my money 's worth . 12 full-color heavy-weight paper bookmarks , and bound -LRB- as perforated tear-outs -RRB- in a book that can go on the bookshelf itself . Highly recommended for the bookworms you know .
 This was a fun find browsing Amazon.com . I purchased these for myself and another avid reading fan and we were both delighted to have something as colorful as these between our reading pages . I 'll be purchasing more in the future . So many books . . not enough bookmarks !
 I have always admired Van Gogh 's paintings and now I have the chance to have some of them on my bookmarks , and I can look at them everytime I read a book.They are a pleasure for the sight .
 I ordered the bookmarks because they showed up on Super Saver shipping and I figured $ 1.50 for a set of 12 was a good deal anyway . They are so lovely , I just want to keep the booklet as it is . Probably will laminate a couple of my favourite works so they last . As many other reviewers have noted , the paper is thick and the images clear.These will make great add-on gifts for book and art lovers , especially if you are creating a hamper with assorted items that may or may not include books or decorative journals . I will buy more of the Van Gogh ones for sure !
 This is a tiny little book -LRB- note the product dimensions -RRB- , which makes it a great stocking-stuffer . Very pretty bookmarks -- the colors are very vibrant . Great deal if you 're shopping for a book lover , art lover , or simply a useful filler item !
 This collection of Van Gogh works really are great to look at and even more fun to give to others . What a nice way to expose young readers , especially , to the artwork of the masters .
 I bought this to give as a gift and was very pleased when I received it . It is a lovely little book and all the bookmarks have the name on of the artwork on the back and are coated and shiny . They are a nice size and I think a really good price . You could leave them in the book if you so choose or tear them out to use as bookmarks .
 I really like that these came in a little booklet so you can just tear them out as you need them . Great price for good art .
 Who does n't like having a van gogh bookmak . The mark my page in my books without a problem , and they do so with style.I never lose my place on the train after getting these marks .
 When I reived the Van Gogh bookmarks in the mail , I was plesently surpried . The bookmarks come in a book formart , instead of a packed bag I had been expcting it to be . The paper quility is slightly heaver that a postcard , but still easily removable .
 The Van Gogh representations on these bookmarks are quite good . For the price , this product is definitely worth looking into . One thing to keep in mind is that because you are ripping the bookmarks out of a book , the sides of the bookmarks wo n't be as smooth as bookmarks that already come pre-finished . This does n't matter at all to me -LRB- certainly not at this price -RRB- but just as a head 's up to people that might be sticklers about this .
 I bought these for my sister . I needed an extra item , and she LOVES Van Gogh . So , I bought her these . They have a nice gloss over them , they are n't just cardboard paper . The backs are though . They 've got the names of the different pieces on the back of the book marks . The book marks come in a little book with the perforated paper so that you can tear them out.The pictures look very very good . They do n't just look like someone found the picture online and printed it ; they truly do look good.So if you like Van Gogh and are looking for some bookmarks , this is great !
 I volunteer as a `` picture parent '' at my child 's elementary school , which means I come into the classroom once a month to talk to the students about an artist and some of his/her paintings . Out of all the artists I have presented , Van Gogh is one of my favorites . I love his style of painting , with the big , bold brush strokes and vivid colors . These bookmarks make a great handout to the students at the end of my presentation . Besides Van Gogh , there are other artist bookmarks available , including Degas , Cassatt , and Monet , among others . Each little booklet contains 12 bookmarks which need to be separated at the perforations . At just over a dime per bookmark , you ca n't beat the price . Dover Publications , the publisher , also makes booklets with art related stickers and tattoos , but I find the bookmarks to be the most practical for the students . Of course , I always keep a few bookmarks for myself to use and enjoy . Would definitely recommend .
 These bookmarks are very nice to look at and are conversation starters . They serve their intended function , but often slip out of the book very easily . Just keep a firm grip on your book and you wo n't lose your place or your bookmark .
 These are great and I love that they give a little blurb on the back telling you where the picture came from . Great item to add to your cart if you need to reach the $ 25 free shipping mark .
 My husband is an artist and he loves reading books too so I think this would be the perfect gift for him . I was curious what would be inside this bookmark book before I bought it and now as I got it in my hands , I think I should share it 's images with everybody who would like to have one so they can know if they like it or not .
 I have to be honest.I initially purchased this item only to make my order go up to $ 25 to qualify for Free SuperSaver shipping . Did n't think much of it , just that I thought `` hey i would n't mind having a good supply of bookmarks lying around '' . Was pleasantly surprised how useful it is . trust me , $ 1.50 for like 12-odd bookmarks is worth more than what you pay for . It 's like one of those underrated , often forgotten things.Also , the Van Gogh artwork makes me feel a little more artsy-fartsy -LRB- tho i 'm totally not an Art kinda guy -RRB- . If you 're ordering some stuff from amazon , why not just add that 1.50 ?
 This is a cheap way to enhance a biography book report ! Simple to separate and bright vivid colors!Great variety of pictures while including many of the most famous works of Van Gogh !
 Nice laminated bookmarks featuring 12 of Van Gogh 's works . The bookmarks appear sturdy and ready for lots of use . Nice for Van Gogh lovers .
 If you are a fan of this artist as I am you will love this little booklet with 12 book marks in it . I find it enjoyable to be able to use them while reading magazines and books as you get twelve for an extremely reasonable price and they are from his works what could be better if you are a fan of his like I am .
 These are surprisingly good . I was expecting some cheap cardboard knock off but they were good quality for your bookmark needs . Bookmarks should not never be too expensive and these are perfect .
 I 've always admired Van Gogh 's work and can now enjoy it everytime I mark a place in my reading .
 Van Gogh has always been one of my most favorite painters , second to only Vermeer . The quality of the bookmarks are amazing and the color is absolutely beautiful . These are larger than I thought they would be . They come in a little booklet and you can detach them one at a time so it keeps the remaining ones organized . I will be buying more of these for the other artist . You ca n't go wrong with the price .
 What can I say ? This product would make a great gift to any book worm . It arrives in a small packet where you can detach the bookmarks as you use them , that way you do n't lose them so easily.Van Gogh 's art is unique . He uses bold colors with rough brushstrokes influenced by impressionism == PROS == - good value & price - gives a short description of the artwork - detachable in a packet == CONS == - none , how can you go wrong with bookmarks ?
 these where great value for money . great to give as gifts & fantastic if ur a VG fan !
 Perfect book marks came out of the book easily . They are very vibrant and colorful really show off Van Gogh 's artwork
 It seems easy to lose bookmarks , so I was glad when I found a set of 12 at a good price . This is a booklet of 6 pages with 2 perforated bookmarks on each page . It 's a bonus to get ones with Van Gogh pictures , seems educational for those who are not familiar with the artist 's work .4 stars instead of 5 because it would be nicer if the bookmarks were glossy on both sides , perhaps longer than 5 inches . I 'm also hoping that Dover Bookmarks would publish a collection of bookmarks for young / teen boys . The bookmarks currently available seem to be for adults , girls or little kids .
 They look a bit different from what I expected -LRB- You need to cut them by yourself -RRB- . Still , they have great patterns which I like very much .
 I just received these bookmarks today . They are nice and glossy . I have ordered other designs in these bookmarks and they are all lovely . These would make good gifts . I would recommend being careful when separating them from the other bookmarks to avoid tearing .
 Of course you ca n't expect those fancy bookmarks with such a low price , but the quality is definately beyond my expectation . I bought 2 sets for myself and decided to buy more . There will be some saw tooth on the edge of the bookmark because they are in a little book and you tear them off . But honestly with this price I do n't care . The printing quality is so high that I found myself staring at the bookmarks sometimes .
 Picked one of these up today and just finished putting it together . It 's an amazingly solid piece , and definately capable of taking a good bit of abuse . In my particular case , I have two PC 's sharing it , using the side printer stands for LCD monitors , and there 's plenty of room for both systems . This piece also comes with 4 cable channels that you can attach on the back , and with the way it 's designed , it 's very easy to hide the cables from the upper shelves and route them to the backpanel.As a bonus , the height of the work surface is sufficent that the mounted keyboard tray does n't constantly bump into my knees , which at 6 ' 2 '' and with a pretty large chair , is a definate advantage over my old desk.One thing that did go wrong was that the finish on the right side panel was busted and splintered at some point during shipping . Fortunately , Bush has a great replacement part policy - just give them a call -LRB- 24/7 number -RRB- , give them your shipping address and part number , and they ship out a replacement that day , with 2-3 day delivery , and at no charge and no hassle.Assembling will take an hour or two of solid screwdriver work , but it was n't really that all that hard . All the pieces fit together perfectly without having to apply too much force or having to jam anything together . It is pretty heavy at 75 pounds , and will likely require 2 people to move the carton before it 's unpacked , so be prepared if you have to move the carton up stairs . Also , the depth of the desk is about 32 inches , which was a bit too wide for the 30 inch doorway to my bedroom , so plan ahead for where you 're going to assemble and put it . There 's also plenty of plastic ` end caps ' to hide the exposed bolt locks , but I 've only found 4 that are visable if the back is against a wall , and those are pretty hard to spot as it is.In short , it 's a very solid , very attractive piece . If you 're willing to invest the time and effort to assemble it , it will be worth it , and should be a piece you 'll be happy with for a while .
 The first review leaves little left to praise about this item . I like it so much th I am ordering another . The picture is perfect , but the actual work station is incredible when you see it assembled.I looked and looked to see if I could locate anything as great as this in a similar price range . All I found were over priced items that thinner wood , and would most likely need to be reinfoced to not fall down.Read the first review , I am not as articulate . High words of praise from me are , `` I like it alot . `` I do , really !!!!!
 These badge holders are clear and very strong . I have used others at work that break or tear much more often . I recommend the Baumbartens Badge holder .
 Kodak Glossy Premium Photo Paper , 8.5 x 11 Inches , 50 Sheets/Pack was conveniently purchased from Amazon . Competitively priced and delivered . For general photo printing uses , this is a good product .
 For printing home pictures this paper works great and saves you lasting memories on paper . I will buy this paper again as the price here is lots less than at the office supply store .
 What can I say . It is Kodak paper and works great . Great quality for a decent price .
 Great service - fast shipment - well packaged - just as I ordered . Thank you .
 I find these file pockets both useful and lovely . If beauty costs the same as utilitarian , I say , `` lets go with beautiful '' .
 I needed these to hold papers and CD 's that the Dr 's request for my parents at their appointments and these work great !
 I 've had this phone for 2 years now and I have to find fault with it . An excellent `` no frills '' phone that would not dissapoint the value buyer .
 The capacity seems overstated , but if you 're looking for a media cabinet and do n't want to deal with the hassle of assembly , this is a good one . The only assembly required was installing the cabinet 's four legs . Shelf installation was easy , and the plastic shelf supports seem more than strong enough.The cabinet was delivered in under two weeks via FedEx . It arrived intact . It 's pretty hefty and the construction seemed solid . Aside from a small -LRB- almost invisible -RRB- dent that looks like a manufacturing defect and the fact that one door does n't stay completely closed , I 'm completely satisfied .
 This was exactly what we were looking for ! Thank you for your lightning fast shipment . We love that this was the only service book with 4 blocks on each page instead of the typical 2 per page ! THANK YOU ! We 'll come back when we are ready for more !
 I bought this phone for myself because I love Hello Kitty . I figure , I 'll hand it down to my daughters -LRB- maybe . . lol -RRB- when they are old enough . This phone has caller Id and the wings light up when it rings . It is very well made .
 I -LRB- the mom -RRB- needed a new phone in my room . We just happened to find this phone in a Sanrio store . I had to beg and plead with my 4 yr . old daughter to let me keep it in my room , but to no avail . I guess she thinks only `` little '' girls can like Hello Kitty !! So , its in her pretty pink Hello Kitty room and how cute is it when the phone rings ? The little angel wings light up along with the little heart wand !! I had to call her a million times ... with the lights off in the room ! Its got caller ID and the sound is pretty good . All in all . . its adorable . A definite must if you 're a fan of all things cute !!
 What could be cuter than this phone ? It 's Hello Kitty dressed as a fairy ! Everytime the phone rings , the wings and heart-shaped wand light up , so it 's very easy to find the phone in the middle of the night . It also has Caller ID , speed dial , etc. , so that makes it a practical purchase . If you do n't care about being practical , buy this phone simply because it will be the cutest one you will EVER find !
 I HAVE THIS HELLO KITTY TELEPHONE , I BOUGHT IT AT TARGET FOR MY 10 YEAR OLD DAUGHTER , SHE LOVES IT!IT , S SO CUTE.THE WINGS LIGHT UP!She has dropped it several times also and it is durable !
 My husband bought me this phone a couple of years ago because I am a HUGE Hello Kitty fan , and it has n't disappointed me yet ! Its wings light-up when it rings , and it has Caller ID ! It was a great help when the power went out one night and my other phone - a cordless NON Hello Kitty phone - went dead . I keep it in my bedroom along with my Hello Kitty alarm clock , and Hello Kitty TV . It is super cute and wonderful !
 I absolutly love the hello kitty telephone and computer mouse , you guys were very quick to send them and there soooo cute . Im 48 years old , but I guess Im a kid at heart . Would love to deal with you again.Donna Smith
 Today is my birthday and my dad got me this phone . I test-called him and the sound is perfect . It DOES have Caller ID . When the phone rings , the wand and wings light up . It is the best birthday present I ever got . you can also set up memory for friends and family . I recommend this for children over 8 yrs .
 I bought the heart shaped disney princess phone for my daughter for Christmas and what a piece of junk that was . So I bought her this Hello Kitty phone to replace the other that has never worked . This Hello Kitty phone is very durable and just really cute . If your going to buy to a nice cute product for a young girl that wants a phone , I recommend this . Awesome !!
 This is a vey cute phone . and to some of the reviews on here.I would really want this phone in my room.I 'm 27 but , when I was in kindergarden , hello Kitty was the crave.So , since I did n't have anything Hello Kity , i start getting stuff now . expecally stuff that makes sence , like a phone , and lip gloss . I have 5 cats . so they look cute just like the cat of Hello kitty , they are not all white cats , but , I think the color of Hello kitty is an illusion , and in you mind she can be any color.I 'm cleaning my room , . and my phone i had in my room broke , so , i would defantly want this phone.It 's stunning .
 My little girl loves her Hello Kitty phone . It 's easy for her to use & makes her feel like a big girl . It 's probably the cheapest item I 've purchased for her bedroom , but she get 's the most enjoyment from .
 It 's big , it 's bulky , it 's heavy ; it 's completely impractical-and it 's terrific ! This is a fully functional telephone , modeled after the field telephone carried by Lindbergh on his famous solo Atlanic flight . The top case has a working compass , and a series of lights which flash in sequence to display the route of Lindbergh 's flight when the phone rings.The receiver is n't a plastic toy-it has a satisfying heft ; the cord retracts into the base ; the buttons for redial and speed dial are big chunky push buttons . This is a `` retro '' phone in the best sense-smoothly functional and up-to-date technology without the feel of being a plastic knock-off . If you 're looking for a telephone to compliment a den , library , etc. this is a handsomely crafted & interesting item .
 Was surprised to see so little in the way of reviews on the web ; so I submit descriptions other than the list of ` features ' . This company spares no expense in craftsmanship . It is a well built piece . Anyone who is fond of retro will like this . As described , the handset is hefty just like the bell shaped phones of the 40 's . Everything is hefty - especially buttons and switches . This makes a handsome addition to any decor other than the featureless , barren desert of ` moderne ' - the look of all black , white or grey ... like your silverish-grey , non descript car , that you ca n't tell who manufactured it by looking only at the side . -LRB- shudder -RRB- -LRB- where did all these vapid grey peopleand their boring grey cars come from ? Is it some kind of national psychological malady ? No one can think for themselves anymore ? They have to be told what to buy . . mostly by looking around them and `` buying what THEY buy '' ? -RRB- Ah , but I digress ... This IS a land line ; plugs into the wall phone jack - with a 25 foot extension , perhaps , placed next to your leather/wood chair for TV . You have two choices when you hear the ring - pick up the handset of olden days-or push the spring loaded ` Ball Bat '' switch for `` Speakerphone '' ... which `` answers '' the call ; you then talk hands free , thanks to the speaker for the caller , and a mike for your voice . Push the speakerphone switch again , and you just hung up!It is easy to operate , and to store numbers . AA battery required for the clock -LRB- also cool -RRB- . I could not see the polarity marks-made two guesses , and discovered the positive goes to the left as you face the front of the phone ... goes into the top of the lid . Two AA batteries for the LED lights for incoming calls ... they go into a compartment on the bottom , requiring a very small phillips . The phone itself , is powered by the phone line itself , as all land lines are-and why a land line works , often , when the house power is out!I have long admired and enjoyed my Spirit of St Louis -LRB- large version -RRB- Boombox inn the same handsome style and superb craftsmanship . I would give them both 5 stars except that the audio electronics leaves a bitt to be desired . Good audio amps can be had for under $ 30 , which I would gladly pay for . Speakers of very wide frequency range and decibel level can be had for a reasonable amount too . I would gladly have paid more for these finely made pieces , if the company had spent more on the audio portion . Since that is my hobby , I will no doubt upgrade the audio myself . I 'll come back later to report on that experimentA clue : ... you ca n't find the Boombox for sale now , and the cool Radio they made ... these things do sell out . I would not dilly dally if I were you.For now , the price of them IS competitive , so be wise , be informed ... and TRY thinking for yourself ... you know it is okay to be a unique individual.This is n't high school anymore where the bullies beat you up because your mom dressed you funny .
 it 's looking quite decoratively and it works like a charm , it has a marvellous sound quality , it has memory function and does n't need any power-supply - just a perfect `` phone-on-a-cord ''
 Sturdy outer cover with very functional interior dividers . Very good for use when files will be pulled off the wall many times . Much better than then non-extra heavy duty folder and worth the price difference .
 It 's a calculator : It 's a clock : It 's a calender : and it has a cover !!!!! I like to take it grocery shopping with me : I put the prices of my groceries into memory and I NEVER go over-budget !!! If you close the cover while in memory mode it will retain whatever is in memory so you cen shop hassel-free !!! I LOVE this caculator !!!!
 Nice calculator . It has the date and time and an alarm built it . Quit sturdy for a kids calculator . The only downfall is that it beeps each time you press a button . This can get a bit annoying if your six-year-old is in love with it .
 The phone is cool , but the handset with the snow dome in it leaks .
 The phone is cool , but the handset with the snow dome in it leaks .
 THIS IS A QUALITY MADE PHONE IN RETRO STYLING WHICH INCLUDES 2 HANDSETS.A MATCHING RED HANDSET AND A `` SNOW DOME '' GLOBE HANDSET WHICH LIGHTS UP WHEN PHONE IS RINGING AND MOMENTARILY WHEN HANDSET IS PICKED UP . -LRB- Uses 4 AA batteries for light effects -RRB- SHAKE THE GLOBE HANDSET ~ MINIATURE POLAR BEARS BECOME COVERED IN FALLING SNOW . THE HANDLE OF THIS HANDSET IS TRANSLUCENT AND APPEARS SIMILAR TO CRACKED ICE . VERY NICE ADDITION TO WINTER / HOLIDAY DECOR.THIS TELEPHONE HAS EVERYTHING OTHER LANDLINE PHONES OFFER . IT ALSO BOASTS A REAL MECHANICAL BELL RINGER.NOW DISCONTINUED WITH LIMITED AVAILABILITY SOLD BY PRIVATE SELLERS VIA THE INTERNET.IF YOU FIND THIS SNOW DOME TELEPHONE IN DECENT CONDITION , GRAB IT . CHANCES OF LOCATING ANOTHER ARE SLIM . THIS IS A COLLECTORS ITEM WHICH CONTINUES TO ESCALATE IN VALUE .
 Very cool product . If you or anyone you know likes Coke stuff , this is a muct have .
 Over the past 2 weeks , I 've tested 12 different cordless phones , some analog , some 900MHz , some 2.4 GHz , some DSS , incuding Panasonic , Sony , Uniden , etc. . Even though I did n't ultimately choose the AT&T 9345 , I was impressed with the comfortable styling , solid construction , clarity and decent range . People I called said my voice was very clear and distortion free . Earpiece volume is also good . The CID window is large and text is easily readable if you have good vision or wear glasses , but is too light in my opinion . Bolder text would make a big difference and the contrast ca n't be adjusted . Entering names & numbers into the 20-name memory is a breeze and accessing the stored info is easy and quick . One thing I did n't care for are the solid plastic indented keypad buttons that feel a bit strange and cheap.The reason I did n't choose the 9345 is partly due to the indented keypad buttons , but mainly because conversations tend to drop out during interference . With slight interference or noise , parts of words or sentences would get cut off and I 'd always have to ask people on the other end to repeat themselves . Keep in mind this was only outdoors at a reasonable distance from the house . Inside the house in any room , the 9345 was perfect . But we have a great back yard with a Koi pond , etc and I enjoy talking on the phone out there and do n't want my conversations being chopped up.I expect some intereference with any cordless phone , but do n't want my conversations cut off in the process , and all the phones I tried intermittently cut off my conversations during interference -LRB- particularly digital -RRB- except two ... the new GE 2.4 GHz -LRB- analog -RRB- 27910GE1 , and Sony analog 900MHz SPP-N1020 . I ultimately chose the Sony SPP-N1020 because of its excellent , nearly interference-free performance with no drop-out even when 3 houses away from mine , as well as being well-designed , comfortable and having more features than the AT&T at about the same price .
 I bought this phone after having an abominable experience with the GE 24GHz that 's everywhere you look these days . This inexpensive little AT&T phone leaves the GE model in the dust -- its reception is so far superior that it 's not even funny . I have to admit that I was nervous about product quality at this price , but I was pleasantly surprised.The only complaint that I have about this AT&T phone is its annoying stored-number system . Rather than assigning a speed-dial number to each stored number , you have to page through a directory of stored numbers until you reach the one that you want to dial . It 's often faster just to dial the number , rather than paging to its stored version . Oh well .
 I really do n't like cordless phones , but at the same time I do n't have -LSB- $ $ -RSB- floating around to buy a new ` corded ' phone that is n't a piece of trash . Phone numbers are n't too difficult to put into the directory but sometimes it 's faster to just dial the number . I do n't find the size of the buttons a problem because I have very small hands , so they 're just fine for me.My one complaint is that the lowest volume level really is n't very low .
 After my favorite pen was discontinued I needed to find something that would fill its place . This pen is a lacking but acceptable alternative . The ink flows freely and it 's difficult to write too fast with it . You can make swirly scribbles with it and it very rarely loses ink saturation and never completely dries out . I can only describe the way the ink rolls onto the paper is like ink from a fine felt tipped pen . It does n't make a particularly sharp line unfortunately . The ink bleeds slightly on most paper . Before it dries the ink smudges easily on paper with any glossiness to it but the ink dries pretty quickly . Writing with it is very smooth which was primarily what I was looking for . Like most all of the pens I 've tried the clip on it is far to tight to serve any purpose in my life . This is what is most sorely missed about my old pen which had a strong clip with still a generous bit of clearance and flexibility . I used to always have one of those pens running down the inside of my jeans pocket clipped over the edge . I never noticed it was there but it was always easily accessible when I needed it . Also , this pen 's rubber grip is choked up a bit high for my taste and it is n't comfortable grabbing it any lower . I do n't know about others , but I tend to prefer to hold the pen very close to the tip . I 'd give this more like 31/2 than 4 . The design is generic and simple and while it 's not as good a pen as I 'd grown accustomed it does it 's job well when I use it . It 's also half the price of my favorite pen so I think its value lives up to its cost .
 I really love these pens ! They have been my favorites for about 2 years now , can never find them in a store but I love them . They write very smooth , do not bleed . I love the micro tip , so amazing .
 I love this book for quick invoicing . The carbon copying is great . I use this product 4 days a week .
 I have tried all manner of fancy , expensive phones from many manufacturers . I have tried 2.4 GHS DSS , 900 MHZ digital , and was always disappointed . Disgusted I bought this simple , inexpensive phone and find it has the best sound of any cordless phone I have owned . The range is astounding as well . No fancy features , but I never use those anyway . Thanks ATT .
 originally purchased as a replacement for a corded kitchen phone -LRB- so i could use the phone more easily while cooking -RRB- , this phone is an excellent value as an additional unit around the house -LRB- I already have a Panasonic phone/answering system with caller ID , which i like -RRB- . the handset has a volume control which comes in handy in the kitchen when the mixer and range hood are both running.so far the range of this 900MHz unit is good enough anywhere in the house and around the yard.Overall , a great value . I have both the white and the black models -LRB- note
 I purchased this phone for $ $ $ $ -- with a $ $ $ rebate ! It works great throughout the house and even around the yard . AT&T still makes the best telephones . I 've tried them all at much higher prices and this one is the best . The battery has a long life and the company will stand behind its product . I 'm converting all the phones in my house to this type .
 At the first glance I saw it , I started to like it ! This AT&T cordless phone looks so cute ! And I still like it after I have owned it for two weeks . Also I think its price is very reasonable for a cordless phone . I do n't regret to have it !!
 Excellent piece of equipment . It is very sturdy and very precise . The 32nd marks go all the way down . I had one by Helix , which was good , but being Aluminum it was not as precise . This is a pleasure to use and makes work easy and fast .
 I like these headphones . The foam cushioning is comfortable but the part where they wrap around my ears it gets uncomfortable after a while and make my ears red . The bass is pretty good and I recommend the headphones to anyone who does n't mind being a little uncomfortable around the ears .
 I 've seen those -LSB- other -RSB- sports radio headphones , but i did n't have -LSB- $ -RSB- , so i bought these because these are cheap . First the pros
 I 've been using it for the last 1 year and liked the sound quality and ease of installation . It is a basic headset but I tried few other models and found Trendnet to be the best . The only inconvenience this headset had caused is its activation -LRB- not always -RRB- , which may require it to be few times unplugged and re-plugged until computer recognizes it .
 I loved the style and details of the phone . I expected it to be a little more `` woody '' rather than the wood veneer look . I was pleasantly surprised to find the shelf usable , where I can keep paper and pen .
 I have an Epson 890 printer which I bought for printing digital photos at home . It has a roll attachment and an excellent reputation . I did reviews twice on this printer . It was this printer I used to print with this paper.EARLIER EXPERIENCES WITH KODAK PAPER WERE NOT GOOD.I had tried Kodak paper early on with this printer and the results were horrible . So I opted to go with only Epson paper and am quite pleased with the results . However , it needs to be noted , that the Epson printer is optimized for Epson paper and this is not too surprising . Most printer manufacturers make their money on the `` consumables '' versus the printers themselves , so this is their primary focus . Consumables being ink and paper . Only their paper and ink will give you the best results , if it is up to them.EPSON PAPER IS NOT ON EVERY SHELF THOUGH
 This paper is difficult to find , not even on the Kodak website . It was a life saver that I found it here on Amazon . This is the only paper that our Admin likes for the company badges . It is a good paper , not sure why Kodak does not have it presently .
 I am very pleased with the item , the price , and the time frame it took to get the item . The item is a great deal and the quality is great .
 The Fellowes Professional Series Foot Rocker has helped me sit up straighter in my office chair , and has also helped ease my lower back pain . Some days I take my shoes off and let my feet run across the balls in the middle of the foot rocker . It is very soothing and relaxing . I would definitely recommend this item .
 This foot rocker has helped tremendously in rehabilitating my injured ankle & recovering my sense of balance .
 every word , every nuance , etymology back beyond latin , and the battery lasts forever . not available through amazon , and tough to find at all ; i got mine through ebay , along with the seiko thesuraus , which is much smaller , so i carry it in my briefcase . this product is a bit larger , but still convenient for desk or bedside . it 's one of the very best purchases i ever made .
 I have had my Seiko for about 10 years . It is not only compact but is also accurate in every function . I use it almost daily and I just changed the battery for the first time . It was not dead but I thought it might soon be.This is a fine piece of equipment that fits in your pocket nicely . The only problem that I am having is that I can no longer find the wp5402r in order for me to purchase one for my son in college .
 PRO
 I purchased this telephone because I wanted a caller id phone with a backlit display . This phone has this option and much more . The clock/caller id display is large . One has the option of turning the backlit display -LRB- the actual lighting up -RRB- on or off . The contrast can be easily adjusted . It 's not a difficult phone to set up . The caller id displays the name above the time and the phone number below the time . The date the caller called is diplayed to the right of the time . There is a flashing light for new calls . If you want to call someone on your caller id list you bring up the number from the review option and press the `` dial '' button.The time display is easy to read and the current date displays always to the right of the time . It has the dual alarm feature.The handset has an adjustable volume control . The ringer also has high/low/off options.The alarm has a music or buzzer option . The music option is very amusing . Neither option is irritating.I would recommend this phone to not only those who want an alarm clock/phone but also to those who want a nice caller id phone -LRB- the clock is a nice extra -RRB- !
 I use it everyday , it can holds a lot of things , very stable , looks really good . I have my laptop , a lamp , a book , my sheets of notes , my cell phone , my mp3 player , a clock , and below I have a tablet , an external HDD , a USB hub . You can even rest your feet on the table from the bottom . Very nice design , great product .
 I 'm setting up a small training area but wanted it to be flexible enough to accommodate collaboration . We need to be able to move the training furniture aside and push in comfy seating . This table is absolutely the answer ! It 's very sturdy , was a breeze to set-up -LRB- simply pop in the wheels -RRB- and folds up to a very compact 4 - 5 '' wide , perfect for standing against wall space out of the way.I ordered one to test-drive and will be placing an order for nine more shortly . Arrived in good packaging and faster than expected . One of my best online purchases across the board .
 I purchased this table for a small space in a spare guest room . The box that the table comes in is fairly large and a bit on the heavy side , but I was able to get it up the steps and into my front door after delivery without assistance . I was very happy to see that once out of the box , the only thing I had to do was screw in two wheels . Once that was done , I opened up the table , made sure it clicked into the open position and I was ready to go . The table is fairly sturdy , has a decent amount of work space for its size and fits into a small corner . I have a 19 '' flat screen monitor and a lamp on the top of the table , my laptop and keyboard on the second top section , and underneath , I just put my printer . The best part is - I can easily fold this up and move it to another room or put the whole thing into the closet for when I need to set up the room for company . I could n't be more pleased with this purchase .
 The table is good for small/home office use and has a functional ergonomic layout . Fold and go feature makes flexible use of space if needed . one of the weakness with product is the low quality caster and internal sockets used . Given the two casters are taking the load of the table for balancing and holding the gear on the table , quality caster and sockets should have been used . My desk 's internal sockets failed/broke-off in two weeks ; and then I reached out to manafucturer for replacement who were quick to respond and mail in the new casters . it works now but i would have preferred quality material casters/sockets . all in all this is a good functional desk for small/home office use . it is bit on the pricey end .
 It 's a great desk for saving space . Great invention ! I love it . Though , I 've got mine with a broken piece of plastic that has the V shape hold the side up so it would n't wabble . They let me exchange for a new one . I 'm getting another for my store , because it 's so easy to fold up and put away when I need a space to do something else .
 I needed a desk that could be folded up and carried for transportation or storage purposes , and this fit the bill . The two wheels really are the only assembly required , you only have to pop them in once -LRB- i.e. , you do n't have to remove them when folding the desk back up -RRB- , and the desk even comes with a mini-wrench for them ! The desk is more spacious than it looks , and at the moment , mine is currently supporting a 17-inch CRT and speakers with no problems . The construction is 100 % polymer and metal , making it very strong , light , clean , and modern-looking . I love it !
 I like this desk a lot . The only drawback that I had was that it was slightly small . I 'm not that tall -LRB- 5 ' 11 '' -RRB- , but still I wound up getting a shorter chair to go with the desk . It 's worked out very well and I guess that the height is a trade off that I was willing to to make for convenience and saving space .
 For the laptop and the monitor setup i have , this is the best table i could get . I love it . Its very strong and its easy to move , fold and go .
 It 's a very good and sturdy desk for the price and takes very less space . If space is not an issue I might have gone for bigger ones .
 No assembly required . Well , not quit true . There are two wheels that need to be screwed in . But honestly , that 's it , two wheels that were easily tightened with my fingers . Fold-N-Go is the perfect description , it 's easier to open than an umbrella . The product is engineered very well and offers a study platform to work on . On the downside , the engineering and high quality materials make for a heavy piece of equipment .
 My husband is happy with this sturdy laptop table mainly because it has plenty of room for his computer stuff -LRB- drives , etc. -RRB- and he can fold it when he 's not using it . Unfortunately the table is still large when folded ; it 'll fit in a closet or behind furniture , though . Lastly , if you 're a weak woman -LRB- or man -RRB- this is not the table for you as sturdy = heavy .
 I bought a pack of this paper at a local Target and so far I 've been pleased with the results . It 's so much fun and easy to use . I love the soft gloss finish on both sides . I used this paper with my Canon i320 printer and my pictures turned out quite well . The colors were so clear and vibrant . This paper works really well with outdoor photos . The blues are blue and the greens are really green . The only problem I had was that a person with a darker skintone on an indoor photo will look darker on this paper . It 's a possibility it could 've been my lighting conditions or my printer . One has to experiment to get the best results . So if your looking for premium photo quality , this is not the paper to use . Try HP Premium Glossy Photo Paper . It 's superb .
 You 've got ta hand it to Sony ... they really know how to make any electronic gadget not only look cool , but also out-function others in its class.I was tempted to buy a slightly cooler-looking VTech phone , but I remembered how I 've had two VTech phones in the past that were totally worthless within months due to declining sound quality.It 's not only uncomfortable , but unwise to crane and crook your neck for long periods of time while trying to hold a phone receiver with your chin so you can use both hands.To battle this problem , this phone not only includes a clip and a headphone jack , the internal circuitry makes the sound quality absolutely fantastic when a good headset is used . I used this phone with the new headset -LRB- not included -RRB- and called my folks ... they said they could hear me great and had no idea I was using a hands-free device.The base includes a high-quality speaker-phone that allowed me to be on the other side of a 12x12 foot room and have a conversation with my folks without any conversation being dropped off as long as I faced the unit . The noise-cancelling feature means that if you turn your head so that your back is facing the microphone , your voice will be ignored and not be picked up on the other end.The `` jog lever '' is a misnomer ... it is really just an up/down toggle switch . The term can make folks think this is a spinning jog wheel , which it is n't . My less than perfect rating comes from the fact that deleting a selection on CallerID takes 4 steps . Press , jog , press , confirm . And it beeps loudly on each step ! There is no way to turn the annoying step-by-step beeping off.Despite that annoyance , this phone has a really cool feature ... you can take your phone out in the yard and someone in the house can press the intercom button on the base and you do n't just get a page beep , you can actually talk walkie-talkie style -LRB- with full duplexing -RRB- from phone to base.There is not only a light on the base to tell you that you 've got a new call , but it even tells you if you have a new voicemail message -LRB- only if you 're subscribed to a voicemail service -RRB- . Like other portables , the base station has a red led indicator letting others know when you 're on the phone.The base and handset have separate ring controls . The handset has 4 separate ring-tones ... they really are n't that different sounding , but rather ring at different beat-rates ... loud & slow to fast & soft.You can manually set the time and date , but this is set automatically by your first phone call if you have callerID service.The phone can rest face down or face up . Naturally , face-up is preferred , because this allows you to view the callerID before picking up the phone ... but you can not lay the phone in the cradle face up if the belt clip is attached . This was a major oversight by Sony ... they usually think of everything and this was bad planning.This is far from perfect , but compared to other cordless phones in this category and price range , this is a gem in the top of its class .
 We 've had this phone since January 2002 , and the Sony SPP-N1025 has been a very reliable cordless phone . Reception could n't be better . No matter where in the house , or how far out in the yard I am , reception is excellent . I 've never once heard an echo , or had a `` no connection '' prompt . Reception is as good as with a corded phone . You have a choice of 4 types of ringers . Basically , its soft to shrill loud . We have ours set on ringer # 3 , right in the middle - not too shrill , not too soft , just right . If you like your phones to play those annoying songs instead of ringing , look elsewhere . Just for the record , this phone does not have an answering machine.I ca n't help but believe that anyone who gets a `` no connection '' prompt standing next to the base , has their base sitting or mounted near something in their house they should not have it near . The owner 's manual names places where the base should not be placed . It states that you should not place the base near or on a TV , VCR , personal computer , heat source , direct sunlight , microwave , noise source such as a window with heavy traffic outside , another cordless phone , away from excessive moisture , extremely low temperatures , dust , mechanical vibration , or shock.The only reason I do n't give this phone 5 stars is because some of the pixels have been cutting out in the caller ID . Its not enough to keep me from identifying names and numbers , but enough to be annoying . That could be due to the battery pack getting low . I plan to buy a new one soon . If the pixels are all working in the caller ID after I get the new batteries in the handset , I will edit my review to show 5 stars.Edited March 22 , 2004
 The pens are great , but the information is misleading . You will not get a box of pens , but a single pen for this price.Other than that , this is a great product .
 We replaced our non-Sony phone in our bedroom with this one and we have n't had any problems with it - in fact we use it more that the main phone in the living room ! We 've had it for about a year I 'd guess and now we are looking for the same style to replace the one in our living room ! : -RRB- An excellent phone at a very nice price ... a great buy . : -RRB-
 For those who are looking for an affordable caller id cordless , this is not a very bad choice . It is working fine for me for few months now . The signal is very clear and the phone directory is very easy to use together with its caller id .
 I Received Top Grain Leather on MY mouse pad . The leather is smooth and the mouse pad itself is slightly padded . You can tell by the grain and the smell that this is real leather . The mouse pad is practical and adds that little extra touch to my desk .
 Wish Charles Wysocki could have lived forever - there just are n't enough of his New England scenes to go around . But , you know what , it does n't matter . I could get the same twelve scenes every calender year and I would still see new exciting elements in his work . Perfect for those big wall frame calender holders and an exciting bold look all the time . I know , I 've suffered through inane puppy and chicken calenders for years - hey kids , this is the one we want .
 This is a great scale for the price for a home . It is very easy to use and find it to be very accurate . The connection with the internet to obtain rates with the 5 shippers is great . I highly recommend this scale .
 The Pentel 0.7 mm refill lead 2HB continues to give a clean sharp image up to the end of the stick . Softer leads tend to smear . Not carried in stores but found it on Amazon.com .
 I was looking for a mousepad that I could actually hold in my lap or place on the arm of my Lazy-Boy chair that would have support yet be lightweight . This product has met all my expectations . It 's clean and neat in appearance and is just the right size for the armchair . It supplies a firm base under the pad with a little wrist pillow for comfort . Excellent product !
 My hand and wrist had been getting sore at work whenever I 've worked on the computer for days at a time . At only $ 9.50 , I decided to try this . I found that it has helped significantly . Well worth the money !
 I have bought several of these and never had any issues whatsoever with the smell . There is a certain ` essence ' that all new items have when taken out of the package , but after that , it 's the same as any other mousepad or wrist rest we have in the office . As for the functionality , there 's none better , this item is like the mattress the astronauts use - it forms to your wrists with the perfect amount of support - exaclty what i think they 're supposed to do . I would like to have bought more , but they last so long , I just did n't need to . I give this `` Two Thumbs Up '' !
 This product is perfect for somebody with wrist pain . It is sturdy and durable . I have owned this for over 6 months and it is still as firm as the day I bought it . It had a slight odor for the first few days , but nothing worth complaining about -LRB- I have a very good sense of smell -RRB- . The only reason I bring it up here is because I noticed that some other customers complained about the smell . The relief from wrist pain is phenomenal and I would highly recommend this product .
 About 1/4 the cost of similar one at the PC store . Seriously I bought 4 for the price of one and still probably saved !
 works out real good for this puter person-was shipped in a very timely manner . . very happy with this purchase !
 Very firm gell . Firmer than most gell wrist pads . Its not all squishy , its firm enough to actually do some support .
 No local store carried these in metal , only plastic . The posts were exactly what I need to stack my existing office trays . Shipment was very fast too !
 I found some old in out boxes and wanted to stack them . These are easy to install and look great .
 I used these cards to print out recipes . I can get a larger print on these than on the 3X5 index cards , good for us aging cooks .
 How hard can it be to assemble a simple project !?! >> > Sweethome Alabama >> >> Glad I left . What did they expect for $ 150 ? Drexel ? Henrdon ? Thomasville?Assembly required means just that , YOU need to put it together . OR Buy it assembled and pay double for both the item and shipping.This was a easy assembly if you have a few simple tools and can read and follow step by step directions . If you have never assembled K/D -LRB- Knocked Down -RRB- furniture , think twice before you buy.Break out the tools and the brain and put this together yourself . Then put the savings back in your pocket !
 This cabinet is very nice . I bought it as a gift for my mother and she really liked it . I would definitely recommend it .
 When I ordered this item I was worried it might not work or it might be the wrong item . with all the letters in the item code . but it was spot on . extremly easy to install just plug it in the docking station and off you go . no cables no screws no hasstle . it been working like a dream.I recommend it to anyone with a VAIO docking station .
 I have owned two Palms and two iPacs which kept me organized when I was a manager . I have broken three PDA 's over the last six years . Now I am retired and decided I should try something that had a lower cost , but provide me with some of the organizational features I like in a handheld.This orgnizer fills my needs for addresses , notes , and calendar.One of the features I really appreciate is the thin , lightweight , flip-open , protective case . I purchased an extra organizer for a 6th grader . She read through the instructions and mastered the instructions in less than an hour.This organizer is an excellent value for basic use.If you are addicted to Palms or Window systems , prepare to take time to learn how to use this organizer . If you want to add software , you will need to consider more expensive options .
 This Sharp YO-P20HII organizer is the best of the best . It has everything . If you are my age , 13 , than this is the thing for you . It traslates English to spanish , it connects to Outlook , there is a calculator , memos , etc. . If you have 20 bucks and you dont know what to buy , buy this . You will definitely not regret it .
 You can also purchase this organizer at RadioShack for $ 19.99 . . and also save money by not paying shipping & handling
 I recently bought a Y0-P20 PDA . It is great ! It has time , alarm , schedule , translator and many more modes . If you are looking for a decent , yet inexpensive handheld , this is it .
 I 'm fourteen and I got this to put my schedule in it for work . I do n't start working again until April but so far , this is working pretty good for me . The price was fair and the delivery was fast . I got my package 3 days before the estimated arrival date . It works good , but you have to push the buttons just right for them to work sometimes . The manual is semi-confusing , still have n't figured out how to set an alarm in the schedule . The manual says that you can , but does n't tell how . I have n't used everything , but so far thats the only issue .
 I used to own one of these organizers back in 2003 . Unfortunately one of my nieces got hold of it and managed to break it and then I tossed the last one out . I was glad I could replace the broken one .
 I have yet to make full use of the Sharp YOP20H 1MB Electronic Organizer . It does seem to be what I need for my overly busy life . Thanks , Sharp !!!
 Product FeaturesPC-link cable & software are included for data backup/restore . Enhanced English / Spanish word translator allows for approximately 20,000 English/Spanish word translations.Large Display with backlight 12 x 3 line displaySynchronize with Microsoft OutlookDiet function with pedometerTechnical DetailsMemory
 This was one of the simpler and smaller memory personal organizers made by Sharp and worked well for our uses for a number of years , until we replaced it with a fancier Palm Pilot TE . We never used the computer synchronization system . But as a pocket organizer , and personal reminder and address book , this unit was just fine .
 My 9 year old daughter has wanted a palm organizer since the first time she watched the movie The Cat in the Hat with Dakota Fanning . It was difficult to find exactly what we were looking for because today everything comes with a cellphone and we are not yet ready for her to have one . This little PDA is great ! I once had a Palm Pilot and I have to say , this is much easier to use and has great features . The price is a fraction of what a Palm cost . So far we are very pleased with its performance .
 I use this gadget every day and find it excellent for keeping my notes , memos , schedule in one place .
 Take it from a highschooler , I really needed something like this for remembering school homework , assignments and such . I was n't sure whether to get it or not by the reviews similar items got . The reason why this one caught my eye is because it was very inexpensive , in fact a great price for something like this . Of course a lot of you may know I do n't have the money to be spending three to four hundred dollars for a small hand held computer that a lot of the things I would n't need on it.I found the Sharp YO-P20H Organizer to be a lot more helpful than I had even expected . It had a neat calculator for doing math problems , an english spanish translator , phonebook , memo pad , reminder , clock , a few games , and a schedule which I 'll all need of course . It even has an alarm on the schedule to help remind you of things you forget just in case.Last year when I was fourteen , I mailed in for a PDA organizer on the back of a honeycomb cereal box . It was a great little gadget , lasted me a long time , and was almost exactly like this one , but then when I set the alarm , it froze and I was never able to use it again . Now being fifteen I have a lot more to worry about in school , but I was never able to remember homework with my notebooks because I hardly ever look in those . After a stressful day , you just do n't want to have anything to do with work or school , but looking at your organizer will sure help because you turn it on to check some things out and you find you have to do something , and this one is for sure to do the trick.And for a such a good priced little palm pilot , it sure is good quality . It 'll hold a lot of information , plus it 'll even hook up to your computer with the cord it comes with . You wo n't regret buying it if you 're a busy person . Plus , you might not be able to spend nearly half a grand on an expensive one . You need fast accesability , and that 's exactly what I found with this . Five stars instantly .
 Just purchased this handy little item as I wanted to test the PDA waters before jumping in on a more expensive model . It works great for what I use it for , phonebook , scheduling , notes , etc. . . Would be nice if you did n't have to scroll to see entire address lines and if it had a search mode for the scheduler , but very good value overall . If you do n't need email , video , phone , etc. , then this is definitely worth checking out . Touchpad screen is remarkably accurate and easy to use .
 This is either the third or fourth organizer I 've bought . Mostly I went for an inexpensive model because I keep losing the silly things . Or they got buried somewhere during a move . At any rate , I wanted something small that could handle the modest uses to which it would be put . Keeping a list of phone numbers , addresses , appointments , notes , the calculator was n't a deal breaker but it 's a nice bonus . I have also found that the belt clip on the case fits nicely into the side of my wallet . It 's an easy take-along now when all I need grab is my wallet and the car keys and I 'm on my way . The logic escapes me why Sharp put the tone on/off option under the clock instead as part of an initial setup program . Speaking only for myself , I did n't need a $ 300 mover and shaker handheld organizer , I 'm not running the world from City Hall . It 's light , convenient , good display , and serves the purpose for which I intended it .
 After reading the previous reviews on this organizer I purchased one myself . The one thing I would like to comment on that others did ` nt is that this model only comes with a serial port hookup , so if you have a newer computer or laptop without a serial port your going to be looking for a cheap serial to usb converter like i did . Make a note !
 After years & years of carrying a planner -LRB- I 'm pretty much a completely obsessive-compulsive person when it comes to organization - at least that 's what I 've been told -RRB- , I finally decided to break down and try an electronic organizer . It just seemed like it would be so much easier to grab and go instead of my big planner -LRB- which I love by the way . -RRB- I knew I could n't afford a Palm or any similar PDA so I decided to do some research . Realistically , I figured I would n't need to do 1/2 of the stuff some of the more expensive PDA 's were offering - I really just needed the basics - telephone/address , to do , memo , and a calendar - which was everything my paper planner had.If you 're this type of a person , this organizer is probably for you ! Another review suggested checking out Radio Shack , and I 'm glad I did . There happened to be 2 more left on clearance for $ 17.97 -LRB- I also got a basic leather case there on clearance for $ 9.99 -RRB- . It 's only been 1 day , and I 'm so glad I bought this model . What a great value for the price!My only complaint is exactly what another reviewer said - you can only put the address on one line . Once you get used to that , it 's pretty much a breeze to figure out . I 've only looked at the manual -LRB- which is pretty comprehensive -RRB- briefly because a lot of the functions and buttons are pretty self-explanatory . All-in-all , I 'm so happy with my purchase !
 Best pda you can have if you want the basics . It only has 1mb of memory if your thinking that 1mb on a handheld makes it worthless ... its not ! 1mb is overkill for it not only that but it has a built in keyboard , backlight , flip cover ,2 games , the batterys last unlike normal battery powerd handhelds , you can drop it from 2 storys onto hard wood and it still works , built in english spell checker , english to spanish tanslater , alarm clock & its only 20 bucks . If your new to pdas or just looking for a cheap little back up this is the one .
 This is so great . i got it for Christmas . It is educational because of it 's english to spanish translator and calculator . It 's fun because it has 2 games . It is easy to use . You can store all of your friend 's and family 's adresses , phone #s and e-mail adresses . and store peoples 's web sites . You can also write memo 's and to-do 's . it is so cool because not only do you have a clock , but you have a world clock which shows times in New york , Paris , Rome ect . as long as you put in the correct time with the 3 letter abbreviation that is closest to where you live . Overall this product is AWESOME ! i recommend it to anyone .
 This is the second Sharp YO-P20HII Organizer w/Pen that I have owned . The first one I purchased through Radio Shack lasted me for 2 years . There is so much memory on this organizer . It has two separate phone directories -LRB- 1 for personal information and 2 for business information -RRB- . When my organizer finally died I went back to Radio Shack to purchase another one , however the company no longer had it in stock . I went online and found that Amazon carried the same type of organizer . I definitely would recommend anyone this item .
 This organizer is pretty good . The English to Spanish translator was a LIFESAVER and the phone book is handy for emergency numbers .
 This product has all the features you would need and for a very cheap price . I highly reccomend this product !
 It 's definitely not fancy , but if you just want a very basic organizer without all the extra bells and whistles then this fits the bill with a very reasonable price . Memo has only one-line display so you ca n't see all the words unless using the arrow key . Mostly I just use it as a to-do list and for jotting down some mental notes to myself . For the price it is what I expected , and it 's convenient.It does n't come with a stylus pen though . I use a ball-point pen -LRB- ink has ran out -RRB- , and it works fine .
 Got this organizer for my daughter away at college for Christmas . She loves the organizer since she does n't have one of the `` smart phones '' . She did say it was a lot to remember -LRB- like what buttons to push to retrieve info . or return to previous info . -RRB- She carries the manual with her right now to remind her how to add contacts , ect. , but otherwise she loves it . Great for someone who wants to stay organized without relying on a phone !
 This is the best planner I have ever used and the service I received was excellent . My package arrived in just a few short days from when I purchased it .
 This pen is really great , once you accustom yourself to writing with it . My only question is , how on earth do you open it to install the refill ?
 Great pen the only problem Is finding the refills local I finaly found the pen at walmart but refills are only found online
 The refills do well . I just wish they did n't run out so quick .
 I get tons of pain from Carpal Tunnel Syndrome and this pen has alleviated it completely while writing ! I do n't get cramped to the point of having to medicate my hand anymore . To install these refills in either the disposable pen or the metal version , Just twist off the part near the end -LRB- it has the pocket clip attached to it -RRB- . Twist it 1/4 a turn and it should pull off . Just pull out the ink well and push in the new one -LRB- it may be hard to get back in , just push hard -RRB- . Pop the cap on and push down while turning clockwise . You 're done ! Enjoy this pen , I LOVE it . : -RRB-
 I have tried other refills for this pen and have hated them . They leak all over the place . Since this is made by the same company it is perfect !
 As a `` senior adult '' with both arthritis and Parkinson 's Disease , I need all the help I can get . My handwriting has become virtually impossible to read because it is so small . Trying to read my grocery list in the grocery store is sometimes a real guessing game . The Pen Again writing stylus is a real help . I am still adjusting to the new finger placement , but I do believe it is an advantage .
 I bought the refills primarily for the stylus . My PDA stylus was bothering my arm and using this is easy and painless .
 We are first time buyers . We could not be happier with the product and the timely service . The product works great we love our new phone system .
 This is the 4th phone purchased like this and find the quality to be good . You will need to get a stand for it so that the display is higher in elevation as it may be hard to see lying flat . The speaker mic works well as long as you speak directly at the mic and not more than a few feet away . Have n't tested the many other features such as the intercom or conferencing yet so the rating may be premature . The second phone had a bad handset and the company did replace it after some misinformaton from Panasonic customer support as to where to send the old one to .
 The Panasonic KX-TS3282B 2-Line Expandable Speakerphone with Data Port is a very nice phone for small businesses . The phone is relatively easy to use and easy to set up . The intercom is the main feature that we were looking for because we did not want to have an expensive system installed . This feature works very well . The only feature that I would change is the display screen . It would be nice if it was adjustable because it is not easy to see when the phone is sitting on a desktop.Overall , it 's a fantastic phone for the price and I would definitely recommend it .
 As we needed to set up a temporary office , we did not want to invest in a complex and expensive telephone system . We did , however , want features such as call transfer and intercom . This phone does it ! We are very happy with it and highly recommend it to others .
 This is the second 2-line corded phone I 've owned it is far superior than the original at a comparable price . The features meet my needs with only a minor irritation to solve . The phone does not indicate if someone is on a line . Since I have n't completed reading the instructions yet , I ca n't say if this feature is activated upon set-up of the extensions .
 This 2 line phone was purchased for the purpose of being able to answer 2 phone lines coming into my home from one phone . It was easy and worked right out of the box.The speakerphone is clear and easy to work.My only negative comment is the horrible squeal I get when I hang up the phone . It may be my phone line and not the phone .
 I got this to replace a completely manual old style AT&T ; 2 line phone that lasted me 15 years . The AT&T ; ringer finally broke and I was forced to buy a new one after using it ringerless for a couple of months.I first bought another AT&T ; but that seemed defective so I returned it and bought this.Cons :1 -RRB- The LCD display is not lit . That has got to be the worse design ever . How can they not light it up ? It 's very difficult to see unless it 's in full light .2 -RRB- There are 8 buttons on the right for 8 extensions . Seriously , how many people are going to have 8 extensions ? A severe waste of space , since it takes up room that could have been used for 1 touch dialing buttons .3 -RRB- Only 3 1-touch dialing buttons .4 -RRB- The ringer controls such as on/off and volume must be accessed through the LCD menu . That is really cumbersome . My old phone had buttons for these - much more convenient .5 -RRB- The LCD display could be bigger and display more information at the same time .6 -RRB- Only 1 level of tilt . I 've seen other clever designs where the phone can be tilted at more than one angle using just one base turned different ways .7 -RRB- Price . It 's more expensive than other 2 line corded phones without answering machines.Pros :1 -RRB- It works.Comments : To be honest , I 'm not overly impressed by it . But the reviews of the other 2 line phones all stink more . I just wanted an exact replacement , instead I got a more expensive phone that had more functions I did n't need and functions I like but are difficult to access -LRB- caller ID , ringer volume , etc. all has to be done though the small LCD menu -RRB- . I guess in time I 'll get used to this operating system and hopefully it will last a long time . I have some faith in the Panasonic name because I have a Panasonic fax that still works after 20 years , even though the only thing that ever comes through are junk faxes if I leave it on all the time.Overall , I give it 3.5 stars -LRB- rounded up to 4 -RRB- , 3 of which is for the fact that it works ! I know it 's not much of an endorsement but in the land of the blind , the one eyed man is king .
 Great phone for a small business . No complaints at all . Works , perfectly , the ease of use is better than any phone I 've used for my business.If you 're looking for a quality phone for home or office business this should be your first choice .
 The volume control on speakerphone does not go low enough especially during dialing calls . Other than that this phone is nearly perfect .
 I have been on the search for a while to get the best setup for my home office . I needed a simple desk phone with 2 lines and a jack for wired headset . After messing up 1 order and returning it , I ended up with this one . It is great . It does have a bunch of extensions on it , that I do n't use and only 3 memories , but I do n't really need 20 memories either.Works well , the level is just fine . I can hear the person on the other end and they can hear me . I purchased a really cheap headset Panasonic KX-TCA60 Hands-Free Headset with Comfort Fit Headband . Prior to this I had a desk phone that used bluetooth wireless headset tech . And it was rubbish . Kept needing to be charged and would sometimes cut out . Hence the wired option . Much safer if you are doing loads of conference calls.Good luck with your search . But this setup really worked for me .
 My Polycomms kept burning out so I tried this one - mainly for the speakerphone . Works great so far -LRB- 4 months -RRB- with good sound and controls .
 First one was defective but Amazon swapped it out seamlessly for a working model and it totally does the job . Simple controls , excellent sound quality . A telephone that actually functions as a telephone .
 I have had no issues with this phone . Purchased for a home office to work with a Plantronics CS361N headset . The only thing I wish it had was a display that tilts up so you can easily see who is calling . Other than that the phone is acceptable
 My priorities are for a speakerphone , caller-id , and two line . I tried several models before landing on this one . I 've had it 3 + years now and use it 2000 + minutes/month from home-office . I like having one corded phone in the house . I never have to worry about batteries for my office . I set the ringer off on line one -LRB- personal -RRB- and soft for my office line . The speakerphone quality is great . Callers occasionally can tell that I 'm on speaker but they do n't complain . The quality is good . Other convenient buttons are expected but work fine -- Hold , Mute , Redial , Flash , volume , etc. I do wish that the display was angled as I set the phone on my desk so it 's tough to see who 's calling at a glance without taking my hands off the keyboard . My only other con is that the speakerphone mic died on me . I guess I talk too much . I 'm gladly buying another .
 I bought this phone for basic home land line . Speaker phone works well . Caller ID works well . LCD not lit , but I dont find it a problem . I can still read the caller ID despite the phone being in a dark unlit location . Phone seems to be well constructed .
 Good quality phone that I would recommend to others . Only complaint is that there is only 3 speed dial buttons on the phone .
 We purchased this phone for the features , and it did not disappoint . The phone is well constructed , and the speakerphone is full-duplex so both caller and receiver can talk at the same time . At first , we thought the cord would be too short , but by stretching the cord out -LRB- holding one end of cord with one hand while pulling with the cord out with the other hand -RRB- , it becomes longer than expected . The caller ID screen does not light up , but we did n't like Indigo -LRB- looks like wrist watches from the 90s -RRB- like so many others that do light up.This is one phone well worth the price !
 Got this phone for my home office . Speakerphone was important to meand ths quality of it on this model is excellent . I like everything about this phone . You will benefit most from this phone if you hook up additional extensions throughout your home or business.My only cons are :1 - No backlit display on LCD2 - Only has 3 programmable speed dial numbers .3 - The LINE IN USE indicator only works if another phone of this same model is in use . So if my wife is on the one line with her NON Panasonic KXTS3282 phone , I do n't know the phone is in use and will pick it up on accident while she is talking .4 - Would be nice if the LCD display tilted . Hard to see when it laying flat on your desk . I ended up building a small angled wood stand to prop it up at a 45 degree angle so I could see everything
 What a PITA trying to find reviews for 2-line landline phones.Using it for a home office phone.NICE
 I had a chance to use the Panasonic KX-TS3292B in my home office thanks to a friend who lent me one . Now I need to buy my own . This is a great phone for any small or home business although I 'm not sure why it 's listed here for $ 129.99 list when Panasonic 's own site shows the MSRP as $ 99.95 .
 The system works as advertised . One very useful feature is that if you prefer to call out on Line 2 -LRB- say you have unlimited calling on the line -RRB- , you can set the phone to go to Line 2 by default when you dial out . Unfortunately , when you go to answer an incoming call on Line 1 , the phone still will default to Line 2 and you have to manually press Line 1 button to answer the phone . If you set the default to automatic , then the phone will go to the correct line the incoming call is on , but you wo n't be able to call out on Line 2 by default . This is just the tiniest annoyance on an otherwise very fine and inexpensive system . I do n't have the problem reading the LCD display as others reported , but it would be nice to have the display light up .
 I have several other models of Panasonic phones at home , so when I needed another , I started with them . The Amazon reviews were positive , so I got this model . I have mixed feelings about it . As a telephone , it is a high-quality device . For my needs -LRB- fairly limited -RRB- , it may not have been the best choice . Here 's why
 This review should really be 4-1/2 stars but that 's not an option , so ... It 's a great two line phone with excellent sound quality . The only area that could be better would be if the LCD was backlit.I 've used this phone for about 6 months and it 's been highly reliable . If you are looking for a small office type phone I 'd highly reccomend this one .
 I just started working from home and am on the phone most of the day . I needed a two-line speakerphone that I could use with an advanced wireless headset that I bought from Plantronics -LRB- SupraPlus Wireless CS351N with lifter -RRB- . I echo the other comments both about how well this phone works -LRB- it 's a great general phone -RRB- . It also works very well with my headset with one small exception -LRB- see below -RRB- . I also second the recommendations for a backlit or tilted display and a line-in-use indicator that works whenever the other line is in use and not just with like phones.My one big frustration - now resolved - with the phone was an apparent incompatibility with my headset . Note that the speakerphone function and the headset function on the TS3282 share the same indicator light and button . Apparently it 's easy to confuse the phone about the function that is actually being used . When I first would attempt to hang up the phone using the button on my headset , the lifter replaced the handset but the phone would go into speakerphone mode . I later figured out that the problem was a too-short delay between the message to disconnect from the headset base and the handset being replaced in the cradle . The resolution to this problem , which I discovered by accident , was simply to set the lifter to the hightest setting . Evidently the fraction of a second makes a world of difference .
 The only complaint I have is the lack of backlit screen . Otherwise it is a really excellent phone for home office use . I need a high quality speaker phone for conference calls and this is the best I have tried . Contrary to one reivew , the phone can store many phone numbers -LRB- 50 + ? -RRB- . The reviewer referenced the three memory buttons on the phone . They hold a number each . You program in the other numbers and access them via menus - relatively easy to add and retrieve . I would recommend this phone to anyone needing a 2 line speakerphone .
 Excellent telephone . Our office recently purchased 4 of these high quality telephones . Excellent sound quality . The intercom and the ability to forward calls from each phone is outstanding . A two line telephone with many convenient options , including unique rings for each phone and each line and for the intercom . Superb annuciator system shows what phone is being used . Automatic roll over to the unused line when you are making calls , no need to hunt for the correct line and button . Would buy again . Some people may consider the need of the transformer and power cord -LRB- for the intercom -RRB- a nuisance .
 We are all so tuned into wireless , but if you need a 2 line land line phone , this is the one . The sound quality is outstanding , and it has enough bells and whistles , but it is not overloaded with useless functions .
 one of the best phones you can buy for a good price , i have purchased this phone before and had great luck with it . will buy again
 I was pleasantly surprised when I set up my Panasonic . It was clearly laid out , easy to program and had excellent sound . I would give it 5 stars except it is a two line phone and I have only one line so far , so I could not try out the transferring to other extension feature or dataport functionality ; I was n't qualified to give it that fifth star .
 Since i have to connections , this works well to use both line interchangeably however , the display not does not show well because of the angle its at . It should have been made adjustable .
 I ordered the 2-line Panasonic phone for my small business . It rocks!The best purchase I 've made to add to my office . Thank you Panasonic .5 Thumbs up !
 It took a realy long time to come , but its just what i neede a sturdy 2 line phone for the office . easy to work and stores alot of info .
 THIS FULL FEATURE 2 LINE PHONE IS THE BEST SOLUTION FOR MY SMALL BUSINESS APPLICATION . EASY TO SETUP AND USE , GREAT QUALITY ANDPERFORMS PERFECTLY
 I am happy with this phone - it has more features than I need and the voice quality is adequate .
 Really good sound quality , both incoming and outgoing , on the handset and the speakerphone . All the functions you need and not too hard to learn to use .
 I 'm using three of these phones in a medium sized chiropractic office . The phones installed easily , intercom works well , speaker phone sounds very good , data port works well for fax machine , wish it came with an answering mahine or voice mail boxes but you ca n't beat this phone for the price . WOuld recommend for basic 2 line phone networking .
 I had purchased AT&T phones because that is what I had for last 5 years , but the new phones were made in China and were a nightmare . So I researched these and found good reviews . Bought them and absolutely love them !! Would recommend them even for home use .
 Phone works great ... only drawback is finding a stand so that I can tilt the phone more to see the caller ID display . I have tried two different stands and they are too big/bulky . -LRB- I am currently only using this phone as a one-line vs. two-line -RRB- .
 The phone works ok but a light that blinks when a call came in would be great . Then if you were n't home when the call was made you would know to look at caller id to see who called .
 I purchased this instrument to replace an older 2-line phone that failed . The 3828 arrived in mint condition and works great in every respect . It has a very nice feature that allows one to select a number or party while off line and then it dials it on the default line when the receiver is picked up or the speaker button is pressed . It has an easily readable display that shows caller ID and Caller ID/call Waiting info . All told a great telephone and it has very good audio to boot .
 I ordered this Panasonic KX-TS382B 2-line phone to replace an old 2-line phone that I had purchased from Qwest many years ago . I am very happy with it . The sound quality is terrific , it installed without a hitch , and the features all work as advertised.I am using it with one landline -LRB- Qwest is the phone company -RRB- and one MagicJack . You may have seen some of the advertising for MagicJack . It has been heavily advertised on TV over the last few years . My MagicJack is connected to a DSL hi speed internet line through a router . This serves as the 2nd line and is the one I use for almost all of my long distance service.One of the features of the phone is that you can choose different ringer tones for each line . This is useful for identifying which line is receiving an incoming call . The caller ID display on the phone also identifies the caller.This phone was a bit more expensive than other 2-line phones available . But I am happy that I purchased it . It is definitely worth the money .
 Quite pleased with the telephone . The only thing I 'm curious about is why it makes a buzzing sound when you start to hang up . Otherwise , it serves my purpose .
 this is good instrument . i expect that from panasonic . the price at time of purchase was very reasonable.we 're able to transfer call between handsets easily . the record of received calls is helpful . if there is anything that is lacking , it 's having just three numbers for auto dialing . otherwise it 's a fully functional 2 line phone .
 Excellent phone . I was looking for a phone that would handle 2 lines and have a good speakerphone built in . This did the trick .
 Used these phones for a couple years , never had a problem with them .
 We replaced an aged Merlin system with these phones , and in general we 're quite satisfied . The only limitation we found was that we ca n't use all eight phones at once in our 13-room , 4-story house . Evidently , the total length of all the phone lines -- probably several hundred feet -- is just too long . With a bit of fiddling , we got seven working solidly , and they make for a terrific phone system that meets all our needs . We expect to use all eight instruments in time , as two or three separate systems , so I can forgive this one problem .
 I bought this phone because my existing 2-line phone -LRB- AT&T ; 993 -RRB- had an annoying hum when a POTS line and VoIP line were simultaneously connected . This phone had no such hum when both lines were simultaneously connected.Overall , I thought this was a solid phone that worked as expected . After using it for almost a year , though , I found 2 things bothersome for my work environment . First , the LCD did not have a backlight , so it was hard to read at times . Second , the keys felt a little `` mushy . '' I found myself having to redial numbers periodically because I thought I had pressed hard enough , but apparently not . Beyond these 2 issues , I have nothing negative to say about the phone .
 We have 8 phones throughout our home and the system works great . My only complaint is lack of backlite on LCD .
 Love this mouse rug . It is so easy to use and looks fantastic by my computer . Other types of mouse pads seem to stick and look dirty . This one does n't . The best part is the rug itself does not shift around .
 I like this little guy . It 's worked well for me and is a fun accent to our otherwise boring office decor .
 This mouse pad is both very attractive and versital . Ive found it a pleasure to use and admire . It has a tight detail and works great with the optical mouse I use . I have the mouse pad sitting on a glass surface and the rubber back holds it in place . It is a quality item that I expect to get years of use out of .
 Panasonic is one of the few companies today making a 2-line corded phone with a decent speaker phone . When my 17-year old Panasonic KX-T3155 2-line phone developed excessive static , I decide to try out other brands to see how they stacked up . I bought GE , RCA , and AT&T models , but wound up returning them all to my local Staples , OfficeMax , and Circuit City stores . The speaker phone feature was implemented terribly on all the models -LRB- muddy sound , low volume , cutting out when no one was talking on the receiving end , non-functional mute buttons , etc. -RRB- . If you use the speaker phone feature as much as I do -LRB- waiting on hold for customer service , conference calls , etc. -RRB- , then this is the phone to get . I knocked off one star in the ratings because there is no light for the mute button -LRB- like on my old model -RRB- . Instead , it just displays `` Mute '' on the LCD . FYI - For some reason , this model is not carried by virtually any retailer -LRB- and very few online websites -RRB- , so that 's why I used Amazon.com .
 We bought one of these to replace the older model KT3280 which we bought about 10 years ago . We love the built-in caller ID . Have n't tried any other phones as we are pleased with the Panasonic .
 I 've had several of these intercom two-line phones for years . The old model failed after ten years or so . I would keep using these phones in my home or small office .
 I bought this phone to replace a 10 + year old Panasonic model KX-T3175 . This phone is equal in all features carried forward , and has attractive new features like built-in caller ID , intercom , and headset capabilities that make it superior . My LCD display is plenty bright , and contains more information than my previous set .
 My wife assumes that every phone received at our residence is for her . Prior to purchasing 8 of these phones , she would simply put her hand over the mouthpiece , and yell for me to pick up the phone . I have a separate business line that she would answer the same which I thought was very unprofessional . With the intercom feature , she can easily page me and transfer the phone line.I admit the Caller Id screen is a problem . I simply cut a 6x6 inch fence post on a diagonal and made phone stands for all my phones that are at the right angle for viewing . Separate caller id boxes work too.If you are a frugal shopper , purchase these phones refurbished or used . Make sure you get an ac adapter or the phones do not work correctly . I purchased all eight of my phones for less than what two new ones cost . I purchased them refurbished on this site and at on online auctions .
 I never use this good telephone and good price.Good for small business office.Very perfect good product ... . i like it
 Delivered on time with no problems . Excellent quality phone with rigid construction and great sound quality . Other reviews complained about the LCD display but its not really that bad -LRB- but not excellent either -RRB- . The phone is easy to use with nice buttons . The only downside is that it should be plugged into a 110v socket for the phone to function and uses 3 `` AA '' batteries -LRB- included with purchase -RRB- as standby in case of power failure . When the phone is unplugged with no batteries as backup , the phone settings will be erased and should be re set when power returns . With the batteries , your settings will not be erased and you can use the phone to make calls . But the LCD will not function thus no caller ID information .
 We in Germany ca n't get such a perfect 2 line phone over here and after the predecessor model , which lasted 19 years was destroyed by a heater beam , I had to buy the newer model and do n't regret it . The setup is so easy per menue , so you do n't miss the switches at all . I love the new ringer sound I choose already .
 that 's all I can say ... it is the best and always has been . . great sound and great functions !
 I plugged it in to the phone lines & it found our old panasonic phones . I was able to add it to the intercom system as the next number .
 The phone is fine , not quite working 100 % with our system , but I 'll call when a get a chance . Service and expediancy was perfect .
 I have 8 of these phones in my house and they normally work fine . But occasionally one or two of them will go crazy and start beeping like a ghost is pressing intercom buttons . One may start flashing all intercom lights and forget its station assignment . I do n't know if one phone is bad or if there is some intermittent noise on the wiring . I have checked the wiring and called Panasonic.And the LCD is hard to read . Otherwise a great phone .
 After returning two other phones -LRB- just did n't work for our needs , and each other one had one defect , I tried - and kept - this one - it works okay .
 It 's really the best 2 line phone with intercom and caller ID . I bought them 15 years ago for the first time , and they still work as new ! it took me a while to find them again ! -LRB- I needed more extensions ! -RRB- .
 The only problem I have with this phone which is why I only gave it 4 stars is that when it 's mounted on the wall the handset is not properly secured and tends to fall frequently . I 've had to replace the handset because of this .
 I had no interest in the intercom feature , so have n't used that . The speaker is good . Unlike some telephones , the audio is very good .
 Display could be back lit since phone is plugged to an AC adaptor.More direct access memories should be available
 I installed Panasonic two line phones in my new home in 1996 and just now replaced them in July , 2009 because they were getting worn and beat up but still worked . These new Panasonics are a quality replacement with new features that I really like but I miss the 10 or 12 fast dial buttons on top of the old ones . These new ones have 3 but a phone book that you can program and dial but so far it 's been too much work for 7 phones ! These are great old standbys .
 This is a very good product . It has almost any word or phrase you will use to help you learn another language . The only downfall is the audio . It is not very good at all . With that said , it still more than serves it purpose for translating words and phrases .
 I have used the translator and it seems to live up to the advertising about it , but I do wish that the manufacturer would create an instruction book besides the English language edition for buyers who would want to send the transator to a foreign country . Eg . a person in Russia should be able to be able to read the instructions in their language so they can understand how to use it .
 Great Translator . I recommend it a lot . It 's worth every penny plus it looks very professional & stylish .
 I am thrilled with the Lingo Voyager , it has 20 different languages . I am going on a cruise an hitting 5 different countries , it will be cool to have this use .
 I have used this little clicker for several years for my job and have never had a single problem with it . I almost never use the laser pointer feature , so this time purchased several without the laser for a few dollars less , to give to teachers at my church . If you must have the laser pointer , get model 33374 instead.The small size and shape are perfect for holding while presenting and for storage . Being able to store the dongle in the base of the clicker is extremely convenient , especially since that prolongs battery life . I also like the feature that allows you to black out the screen when you want to during a presentation . I highly recommend this without reservation . It 's more expensive than the el-cheapo models , but less expensive than many of the other quality products .
 I 'm a college teacher and I am very happy with this . It frees me up to wander around the room . Another reviewer characterized this as `` unreliable . '' I have n't had that experience , although the transmitter is somewhat directional . Point it at the receiver and all is well .
 We 've been using these at work the past few years . For our purposes -LRB- presentations , class lectures , events -RRB- this is perfect . No need for the laser pointer that later models come with , this clicker works great . You plug it in and use it , no need to have software or update drivers or anything , it 's literally a plug-n-play device . Super easy to use , and -LRB- so far ! -RRB- very reliable !
 This is a very reliable presenter , the range is very good , it fits well and comfortable in your hand , and I never have problems with it .
 Excellent product . I use it for powerpoint presentations at church and I love it . It has great range and a simple USB wireless setup . Just plug it in and you are good to go . Kensington also has an upgraded version with a laser pointer .
 I have purchased two presenters by Kensington . This one I bought for my wife to use for her Good News Club at school . The range is good with no problems . I bought the other presenter with the laser for my class at school . It has never failed me . -LRB- I 've had a couple presenters that are a little flakey at times -RRB- If you use the laser a lot , the battery runs down quickly . Other that that , they are great presenters .
 This is easy to set up and easy to use . No real down side to it - it 's inexpensive and well made , and the receiver stores inside so you do n't lose it between presentations .
 After reading other reviews I purchased the Kensington 33373 Wireless Presenter to help when I give gardening talks . It works as advertised and the signal carries a fairly long distance . It worked without any problem with my Macintosh laptop and Keynote -LRB- a superior presentation program -RRB- . I do wish the Presenter had a laser pointer built in - if you need a pointer you 'll have to use a separate device - but overall I highly recommend this device .
 I 've previously used a strong infra-red remote that reached up to 60 ' , but had to point the thing very accurately to get it to respond , which certainly must have been a distraction to my audience . Another minus
 Great little product . I replaced one that stopped working and this new one is supurb
 This remote allows me to wander all over large rooms and still be able to advance my slides . Storing the USB that plugs into computer in the hand unit itself is great . I HIGHLY recommend this product .
 Excellent unit , works flawlessly , I use in college classroom as a professor . Transmits to computer from any where within the 250 seat lecture hall I use it in ... which is great because I like to walk around the room as I lecture . Nice feel , quality build and it uses 2 AAA alkaline batteries ... a real plus because they are less expensive than button batteries and last much longer . Highly recommended !
 This is a great remote ! I left my Keyspan Remote at a presentation in St. Louis and was devasted . I searched the net and , decided to give this little remote a chance . It 's great . The USB fits inside the remote when I am not using it which is quite handy . Plus this little feature also ensures the remote is turned off . My Keyspan never did seem to turn off on its own . This remote takes AAA batteries which is also quite convenient and cost effective . But the best part is - it works great . I really like it better than my Keyspan . It has a `` blackout '' feature which is great for switching between my PowerPoint presentation and writing on the white board . If you are in the market for a new remote but do n't need a lot of fancy features - this is the one to try .
 This is a handy little tool that is extremely convenient and works well . The only functions are to move forward , backward , or blackout the screen in a PowerPoint presentation , but if this is all you need -LRB- which most presenters generally only want these features -RRB- than you 're set !
 I purchased two of these for my company after using the similar 33374 model -LRB- with laser pointer -RRB- for the past couple of years . Those still work fine ; we needed additional presentation remotes on hand for use by multiple presenters . I like these even better ! We found that no one used the laser pointers on the other units . The button in that spot on the 33373 starts a PowerPoint presentation from create/edit mode - a handy feature so you do n't need to launch the `` slide show '' manually within the program . The USB device fits inside the unit and powers it off , conserving battery life when not in use . Highly recommend based on ease-of-use -LRB- including easy to show others who 've never used one before -RRB- , durability , functionality , and inexpensive price .
 Fantastic ! Installs itself in seconds . It works everywhere in a classroom without pointing it specifically at the receiver . Laser pointer feature is a plus !
 The Kensington 33373 Wireless presenter is a joy . Open the package , install the battteries -LRB- included -RRB- and you 're all set . Plug the memory stick into your laptop and you 're all set . What could be easier ? I 've used it for three presentations the first week I got it . It 's pefect.I ca n't speak about the battery life yet because it 's still so new .
 This is my second one after several years . I settled on this one after researching several . It has served me well . If I were in larger venues I would choose the next model up that covers up to over 100 ft.
 I have two of these . I love that it 's universal , and I can use it in different computers without problem . I can also plug in more than one , if multiple team members want to be able to control the presentation . It works well with both powerpoint and Adobe presentations . I have n't tried with other presentation software .
 I wish I had ordered the one with the laser pointer option . This works extremely well for advancing my presentation software , both Open Office and Microsoft Office . I like it .
 I had to give the same presentation three times successively in a four hour period . There were over 60 slides . The wireless presenter came through with flying colors - moving back and forth between slides and being able to use the laser pointer as needed was perfect ! I had back up batteries , but did not need them . Great !
 I just got this printer even though I was a little leary after reading some of the bad reviews . I had no probloms however and the set up was quite easy . The drivers for XP are included on an enclosed disk and there is a quick set up guide on a 2 foot square paper fold out that explains the set up step by step . The printout quality is excellent . The copy quality is almost as impressive but you can tell you are looking at a copy when you see the copy print out . With all of the different functions this printer can perform , I do n't think you can find a better value out there especially with the $ 50 rebate .
 This machine has performed well for me for the 6 months I have used it . So far I have only had to replace 1 toner vs. about 3-4 ink cartridges I would have for my old ink jet MFC . Although I paid much more than the price currently offered , I would do it again . It has saved me money over my old ink jet machine . All functions worked well , fax , copy , scan and fairly fast printing . I did need some help setting it up , but the Brother customer service team was very helpfull and got me up and running in no time . I am purchasing antoher one for my nephew that is currently in college and expect him to be very happy with the machine .
 Printer was everything it presents itself to be . Installed quickly - all functions . Worth the price . Accepts many differenet types and weights of paper . I 'm showing my age but I remember spending REAL money to get a printer of this quality !
 The MFC 6800 is a good value and a good print/scan/copy / fax device for medium duty in a small office or home . There are three issues , the first of which is not a factor for most people . -LRB- 1 -RRB- The printer does not include an emulation capability that allows it to print from DOS . If you want to print from the command line within a Windows DOS box or from an ancient DOS program , you ca n't . If you do n't know what I 'm talking about , it 's not an issue you should worry about . -LRB- 2 -RRB- A bigger problem
 It does everything we need for an office workhorse . The scanner works great and is compatible with the software we use , The laser printing is great too.One of our special software packages , that only has HP support , could not print to it . The Ink is VERY cheap but when the time comes to change the Drum we may as well by another refurbished unit.Again for the price , of the refurbished unit , we could not beat it !
 exact product at an affordable price w a smooth transaction
 and it has never let me down . The Low Toner indicator comes on early and the Toner is usually available at Staples or brother.com in plenty of time .
 This is a very nice printer . Being an unpatient person , it 's perfect for me . At the first time I thought it 's bulky . However , its all-in-one function saves me a lot of scanning and printing time . Also , the feeder lessens my time to scan pages . To conclude , this product saves me money and time . I did n't experience any problems so far .
 Like timex - takes a licking keeps in ticking . Going strong after years of use ...
 I have had this model for over 2 years now with no problems , no static -LRB- like some are saying -RRB- , or any other malfunctions . The volume is adjustable if you ca n't hear the other person calling . The ring tone volume can also be adjusted , and needs to be if the battery runs down -LRB- when the battery dies the phone resets to the default settings , no big deal to adjust -RRB- . Every complaint I 've read , I have never experienced in the over 2 years I 've had mine . I do not have wifi at home so that may be an issue if you have a wireless network.Don ' t be afraid to buy it , it 's a perfectly good phone .
 In the past 6 years I have had a lot of phones and this one is by far the best . I have never had a problem with static and it stays charged for a long time . I like the rubber sides and I do n't seem to have a problem with the button turning off the phone like others mentioned . I did a lot of research on phones before I bought this one and it has proved to be an excellent buy .
 I purchased this phone because I already had this same phone . Now I have two . It is a very good coordless phone . I have been looking everywhere but could not find this exact one . This one was used , but so was the other one that I got from my son . How much wear does a telephone get anyway ? The seller even bought a new battery and included the receipt in case it did not fit -LRB- which it did -RRB- . What a very thoughtful gesture . Very good seller .
 This is a great phone ! We have two and my daughter loves her purple version ! Buy it !
 First , 900mhz reception frequently better than 2.4 or 5.8 . Not the phone necessarily . Voicemail light only works if phone company supports it , not all do . Ok , the phone . I like it enough to have just bought another for my daughter . There are some annoyances -LRB- the caller id IS odd at first , and is a little slow -RRB- but just about nothing I buy is perfect . I 'll forgive it 's weaknesses . It 's durable , built like a tank -LRB- and about as heavy -RRB- . Voice clarity is good as is distance . I drop stuff a lot , and the rubber grips are great for me . The display numbers are a bit small and the backlight could be backlightier , but I manage . Very comfortable to hold and no not great on shoulder . But has a belt clip and takes a standard headset , so if you talk long time ... Great price for what you get . If you want fancy , get something else . This is a good , pretty basic cordless so if that 's what you want you could do a lot worse , and not much better .
 This is a great phone and I would suspect the people complaining about the static probably have the base unit located somewhere they should not have it located . And for network interference that is typical of 2.4 phones . You need to adjust your WI-FI settings to a different channel and that will probably fix the problem.I have owned this phone for over 4 years and it works as good as it did the first day I bought it . In fact , I 've had other cordless phones come and go , but keep hanging on to this one because it is so reliable and works so well.Has nice features like the side rubber grips , lighted keypad , and easily adjustable volume . What I also like is the phone is solid and feels solid . It is not a lighweight piece of plastic that you think will break if you drop it.I 'm not a big Motorola fan , but when it comes to this phone I am .
 I AM VERY PLEASED WITH THIS PRODUCT AND WITH THE PRICE . THE SHIPPING WAS VERY FAST .
 I love this phone . I dont know what phone other people have who are writing reviews have , but this phone is great . Long battery life , and has great sound . I am sixteen and i did not have much money so i bought this phone for $ 29 . I could not be happier . people should buy this phone !!!
 First this is not Motorola 's first cordless phone . I had one 10 years ago , it looked like a cell phone and the reception was bad . I have the exact same 2.4 GHz phone by motorola but in black and it works great ! I 'm going to buy 2 more today . Hope the quality is n't different because of the new look .
 I went through several cordless phones and could n't find one with good reception in my area until I found this one . It far surpasses the rest . It also has excellent battery life . Just in holding and using it , it feels like a product that 's going to withstand a lot of use . It was worth the purchase price and I plan to buy more for the rest of the house .
 Well I read all the review before I brought this phone ... Something told me to buy it ! I did and I think its a great phone ! I know that Motorola will improve in the cordless market once they work out all the kinks . Its there 1st cordless phone and I thik they did great . I am on the phone all the time and it still works great !!!!!
 My son owns one and I liked it so much I bought one for myself . Great clarity and long battery life . We can leave phone off charger up to 4 days without recharging . Love call waiting caller ID feature .
 I purchased this telephone and I love it . I bought a ATT cordless telephone and I had to return it to the store because of poor quality . Motorola is a good name . I went back to the store and purchased another one for my daugther 's room . Which make a total of three phones I have purchased . NO problems for me !
 I bought the MA351 to replace a dying 10 year old Panasonic 900 mhz phone . I 've had it for several weeks and am so far very happy with it . It does not interfere with my WiFi network , even though it is only a few feet from the router . There was an annoying echo in the phone the first time I used it , but that mysteriously went away after the first call and has n't returned . People I 've called tell me the sound quality is much better than my old Panasonic -LRB- may it rest in peace ! -RRB- . I also like the feel of the rubber grips on the handset . I gave it 5 stars for value , having pucrhased it for $ 30 on sale .
 The best cordless telephone I have ever bought .
 After reading tons of reviews for cheap 2.4 GHz phones , I stumbled across a few recommendations for this product . I have to admit -- for a -LRB- $ -RRB- phone , it 's more than I expected . The handset is very solid and comfortable , and it sports rubber grips on the sides -- why , I do n't know , but I 'm sure it 'll become apparent soon :-RRB- The sound quality is superb , except for a slight annoyance -- sometimes , your voice funnels back to the earpiece and it can get pretty loud . I only noticed this during my first call -- after that , it was a non-issue . Perhaps it was due to a low-battery , since I had n't fully charged it before I made my first call.The phone has all the basic features of a caller ID cordless phone , and they all work as expected , so I wo n't elaborate on that . Most people are just concerned about sound quality , and the sound quality on this phone is great . It 's also very stylish in a very understated way -- there are n't tons of buttons , lights , and garish colors on this thing , but I like that and it was a factor in my purchasing decision.Probably the only BAD thing about this phone is the ring volume is n't as loud as I like . I live in a small apartment , so it 's not such a big deal , but to some it may be . You have a choice of three ring tones , and the loudest one is the most annoying , sadly enough . If the only drawback to a -LRB- $ -RRB- phone is its ring volume , then I think we have a winner .
 Been happy with this phone for a couple of months now ; particularly like the rubber edges that provide a nice , solid grip on the phone . The simple shape and the nice weight makes the phone feel sturdy . As others have commented , it looks less star-trekky than a lot of other phones out there - a real plus . The answering machine is easy to figure out and does the job nicely ; caller-ID seems reliable enough.Only complaint is the ringer on/off button that has been placed exactly where you 're most likely to get switched off by accident - most other 2.4 Ghz ' I 've tried had the button in the exact same place , so Motorola 's not the only vendor failing here . Oh , and the cover for the battery compartment pops off every so often unless you use strong language and/or brute force to keep it in place.Even though this thing has a built-in answering machine , the footprint is reasonably small . A real plus is the nicely executed wall-mount that takes the phone off your table.I would have liked to have seen intercom or additional handset options with this phone , but even without , it 's the best thing i could find on the market at any price .
 I had been looking for a 2.4 GHz phone for a while . I wanted a great color-matched home/office phone with good reception , Caller ID , backlit LCD and buttons , and not on the heavy side . The phone also needed to be friendly to my WIFI / 802.11 b wireless network . This phone matched my requirements.Pros * color-blended well with my PowerMac G4 Quicksilver computer , and black TV -- should look great with any silver-grey/black setup * green backlit LCD and buttons * good voice quality and reception * no interference with WIFI / 802.11 b wireless network -- including the Mac airport * belt-clip and ear piece socket for hands free useCons * ringer button is on/off only -- and the ringer is loud * function buttons are tricky to use and a bit small -- for example , the caller ID history button sometimes needs to be pressed several times for it to work * straight shape is not very comfortable to hold against earStill , a great cordless phone in this price range .
 After a lot of looking and many returned phones , I settled on this Motorola . It has all of the features most people need in a cordless , in a very compact and stylish form factor . It is also about the only normal looking phone on the market which discretely fits into your room , unlike all the wannabe Star Trek communcators out there ... Pros : - Form factor
 One of the better phones Ive bought in recent years . The quality is not bad . Havent had it long enough to tell you if it stands up to wear and tear . But it has dropped a few times and still works . deleting the old calls on caller ID is laborious process . It is slow 2 step process . and instead of showing the next call , it shows the last call so its really a 3 step process . that is the worse part . volume control is very handy . Its a tad heavy , especially when you are walkign about the house and yard . The `` brick '' on the power cord is nice and small so you do n't waste 2 or 3 spaces like some of the others . It aint cheap but its aint bad either .
 I bought this phone for my parents who are older -LRB- 70-80 -RRB- The two features that prompted me to buy it are :1 . One combination talk and off button . My parents previous phone had both a talk and an off button and many times after a conversation , they would mistakenly press the Talk button instead of the Off button , effectively leaving their phone off the hook , sometimes for hours .2 . Prominence of the volume buttons . When one person needs greater amplification than the other this gets adjusted often . Visibility of this control is important.After they received the phone the curved hourglass shape made it easier to hold.Additionally , the black numbers on translucent buttons made them easier to see . Strangely enough this was better than black on white when compared to an old phone they had.Time will tell though if these rubberized buttons will have the numbers wear out however , as a previous phone did.The only negative and it was one I was aware of prior to purchase , is that you can not answer the phone from the base station . Given the price this is not expected.Given the price overall the sound quality and features this phone have make it an excellent deal .
 I have owned 3 of these phones for over 2 years . They were very reasonably priced and have worked OK for the time I have had them . Last week we had a power outage . After about 10 minutes I decided to phone a friend and found all three phones were dead . Something about the outage discharged them immediatly . This is not acceptable & even though they recharged I am now looking for new phones .
 This is a great phone , Ive had mine for a while and it works great . The battery seems to last forever , I 've only got it to begin to go dead 1 or 2 times , and that was only because I left it off the charger for a while . I also went on vacation for a week and I forgot to put it on the charger and it was still was n't even near dead . You can also save 10 phone numbers on it . It has a long range too . It is also hearing aide compatible , has call waiting and many different channels in case the one you 're on begins to break up . For the prize I highly recomend this phone .
 I first wrote a review very positive because , the sound on my end was good and the price awsome . Now I ca n't change the rating but I will definitely tell you that people ca n't hear ANYTHING of what I say on this phone . It is just ridiculous , I have to scream and still , they complain that my sentences are cut off .
 This phone works very well and what I really like is that you do n't need to be near the base while you are on speaker phone and you will still sound clear . Cordless Phone also has a good distance so you do n't sound choppy . Good buy .
 This phone is great for small spaces like an office or dorm . Plus you can turn the ringer off so that it does not disturb your studying .
 If you are looking for a new cordless phone , look no further , as you wo n't find a better phone at a better product . This GE product is an attractive , quality cordless phone which provides excellent performance . The phone has a clear , easy-to-read and easy-to-use dial complete with large , lighted buttons . The sound quality is very good ; it includes a volume control option as well as other nice basic features such as memory dial and remote phone locator . To top it all off , the phone has a pleasant , distinctive ring tone . Overall , a highly recommended product !
 Works great and is at a reasonable rate . Would recommend for basic use , although for users needing speaker phone and mute options , this may not be it .
 Tried this phone for $ 10 because of the poor range of our Unidens and really lucked out . This thing will work over 300 feet away ! The Unidens start breaking up at about 30 feet.Other Pros
 Surprisingly Good ! Great Sound Quality ! Cute ! Not Bulky ! Buy it !
 If you 're looking for fancy features and digital displays , please look elsewhere . But if you want a good strong basic no-nonsense cordless phone , you have found it . Over the years I 've used three different cordless phones in my house , and this GE phone is the clearest and easiest to use of the three . Sometimes less fancy is best .
 This product works well for us . It is in my opion a little pricey but it 's the best on the market so maybe that 's why they charge so much .
 My computer desk has a hutch , but I 'm still short on space for paperwork that I need to file somewhere temporarily . I ordered several of these , and my husband mounted them to the far side of my hutch -LRB- the side that people do n't see -RRB- . Now instead of having a flood of papers on my desk , I have these files mounted where they are easily accessed , and labeled `` To Do '' , To File '' and `` Pending Response '' . I even put one on the side of my printer desk so when my printer spits out too many sheets , I can store them to use as scratch paper later . If I had room to mount more , I would purchase more of these . These files have two holes that hook over a screw or nail head . This works better with wood , but could probably be worked out to be appropriate for metal , as well .
 This product is solid and worth the money . I use it in my bedroom to hold the 4 remotes I have . I put velcro on my dresser and it holder the remotes perfectly .
 Great quality and nice simple look . This DocuPocket serves it 's purpose , and with the included double stick tape AND screws , it will work for what ever you need it to . It 's sturdy design is an upgrade from the past acrylic type wall files which would break or chip . I 'm very confident that these will last a long time to come .
 We purchased the Deflecto wall file holders for a free medical clinic . After comparing prices with wooden ones , they are a great bargain for the money !
 I 've been watching videos on Youtube on how to do calligraphy , and I finally decided to buy this product and give calligraphy a shot . Being just a beginner , this set was perfect . It was inexpensive and has 3 different nib sizes , and it even includes instructions and a chart of calligraphic letters . Needless to say I was able to pick up on it pretty quickly . If you have the patience and determination to learn it , you can easily do it with this set . Perfect for beginners .
 On time great stocking stuff and great for writing those special thank you notes and last minute Xmas cards for the holidays .
 I am loving rediscovering how much fun I had with calligraphy . Now to figure out how to make my ink go further . These pens are great . High quality .
 What more could you ask at this price ? Nibs give great ink flow on most paper . Comfortable grip . Nice weight . A smooth writing instrument ! Delivered on time by amazon 's super service .
 I am a serious penman , and do a great deal of calligraphy for weddings , special occasions , and other important events . I have a number of rather expensive calligraphy pens but none of them lend themselves to a rapid , smooth style . The problem is the ink flow . The little Sheaffer pens have a nice , steady and consistent ink flow and allow the calligrapher to produce nice flourishes and lettering without hesitation . If you `` draw '' your lettering , then the expensive pens are worth it . If you work for pay , then go with the Sheaffer ... !!
 I quite like these italic pens : - cheap refills - smooth ink flow - 3 different nib widths - easily see ink remaining - comfy , round grip -LRB- unlike the Lamy Safari -RRB- I 'm using it in conjunction with the book `` The Italic Way to Beautiful Handwriting '' by Fred Eager - a good match . ========== Update 2007-08-26I 'd like to knock this down to 3 stars . The lines become inconsistent -LRB- i.e , rather thin -RRB- on certain pages of my Moleskine notebook . In contrast , my Lamy Safari pen is perfectly consistent.So I 'd get both - the Sheaffers with its variety of nibs , for calligraphy practice , and the more expensive Lamy Safari -LRB- 1.1-mm nib -RRB- for writing for pleasure .
 I got my set for $ 10 at Hobby Lobby if you 're interested in this product . It was a great balance of what I wanted in a fountain pen - three different thicknesses -LRB- although I prefer the finest one -RRB- and four colors . It took me a minute to figure out the ink cartridges -LRB- one is not in the pen when you get it -RRB- , but once assembled it writes smoothly and easily . I 'm not a serious calligrapher or anything , I just wanted a nice pen for formal , personal letters and this product fits nicely for me .
 Like other reviews said , this is great for a beginner . I used it to write food description cards for a party I was catering . It worked really well . I am left handed and did n't have any smearing issues either .
 I bought this with a Calligraphy book so that I could learn to write Calligraphy . These are fun to use for relatively cheap . They are mostly plastic , but I expect to get my use out of them !
 Very happy with this product . I 'm a calligraphy novice and these were perfect to learn on . The cartridges were small , but I was n't planning to write excessively with them anyway . Very nice way to get into the art .
 This is a great set , especially for the price . It 's perfect for learning calligraphy , and I 've been using it to learn Spencerian script with great success . The nibs are easy to change and wash , and the ink cartridges last longer than I thought they would . The flow is a bit quick , but easily remedied with faster writing or more absorbent paper .
 I am working on my Calligraphy skills for addressing my wedding invitations . I originally bought calligraphy markers at a local craft store , thinking -LRB- incorrectly I might add -RRB- that they would be easier to write calligraphy with . The Sheaffer pens are much easier to write calligraphy with that looks like calligraphy . The markers bled a lot , and the pen ink is much more consistant . Love these!The only thing that is a bit frustrating is that the pen tends to require a little shaking or light tapping to get the ink to flow when you change cartridges .
 My Aunt loved this Birthday card . very old fashion and modern at the same time , very nice since she is in her 80 's .
 This mousepad is very pretty , just do n't expect it to be ergonomic . It 's a little on the thin side , but for me it 's perfect . I pick up my laptop a lot and take it to meetings here and there -LRB- along with my mouse/pad -RRB- , which makes the flatness of it quite functional for me . I first saw this at in-store at Staples and loved the look , but no way was I going to pay $ 25 for it . Much better deal here .
 I am glad that Amazon updated the picture of this pen . The picture of the pen on this page used to be of silver one and that tricked me into buying the pen . Honestly , I was very disappointed to see a dark blue pen in my package.However , the pen turned out to be a very good pen . It writes better than my $ 50 Cross . I was amazed how my handwriting looked so good with this pen . The only complaint is the ink dries up really slowly . So , make sure you get better ink when you buy this pen .
 It looks better than I expected , feels nice to hold . It writes well , though not quite as beautifully as another Sheaffer fountain pen I have that was cheaper but feels bad to hold because the sides are cut away so you can see how much ink is left . It arrived incredibly fast in a nice package . I like it .
 This is a good buy if you want a corded phone . It has a nice look to it and is easy to use . You have to put in your area code , language -LRB- they have 3 available -RRB- , and the time . It holds batteries to keep up with the caller id stuff , but it is still a dependable phone for when the lights go out . The caller id is good and easy to read . It has call back for the last number called and you can do all kinds of stuff like store numbers on a speed dial and even a one touch dial for a few numbers . ... The phone has a nice sound and does n't sound like a cheap phone . There was n't anything wrong with this phone that I can tell . The programming on this phone when you get it is n't too terribly painful . It only took me about 2 minutes . Then , it was plugged in and working great.Update ********* It is now 2 years after I originally bought this phone . I am still using it , and it is still working like a champ . I have the same batteries in it that I put in it when I bought this . Wow ! The readout is a little hard to see if you do n't have the light on enough or you are at the wrong angle . I still rate this a 5 star phone . Everytime the lights go out , I can count on this phone to still work .
 Because my unabridged dictionary is on the 1st floor of my home , and I do the bulk of my reading in bed on the second floor , this seemed to be the answer to a long-standing problem of glossed-over words at one in the morning . In practice , it successfully handles about 80 % of my unknown words and I love using it . However , it has a touch pad which is not the easiest to operate -- getting the right pressure on the pad can be problematic and the letters are too close together , so mistakes are easy to make . Because I have a fairly large vocabulary I chose this one , rather than the Merriam-Webster version , because it advertised 150,000 words rather than 100,000 . The Merriam-Webster however , has little keys , like a Blackberry , and I think would be easier to operate , although I have n't tried it . The bottom line is that I use it all the time . Anyone wanting to buy one of these should try out both this one and the Merriam-Webster , to see which format suits them best and what extra features are important to them . Both are Franklin products and cost about the same .
 Pretty good electronic dictionary . If you 're reading Stephen Donaldson , there will be a lot of words this dictionary does not have : - -RRB- There are two shortcomings to this device . If you are like me , the reason you got this was to have a dictionary to use while reading in bed . Franklin really should have added a backlight for the display ... it 's very hard to read in dim light.Second , there is a cool feature -- word list -- that allows you to add words to a personal list . The problem is that the list can only be 40 words . A very short list in my opionion.Some might find the `` keyboard '' annoying , but I 've had no problem using it .
 I bought this for my husband for his birthday . He reads a lot , so I worried it would n't have the words he needs to look up . It does n't have everything -LRB- `` attar '' was n't in there -RRB- , but it does have a lot . The games are fun - I especially like `` anagrams '' . The only problem is the `` keyboard '' . Because it 's so thin , you have to hit the keyspot -LRB- it is n't even really a key -RRB- just so or it wo n't be recognized .
 This is very slim and can be slipped into a book like a bookmark.It is lightweight and it has most of the stuff that paper dictionary has . No complaints so far . price was good too .
 I first saw this wonderful toolFranklin Compact Oxford English Dictionaryjust a few years ago , but never gave it much thought , for I believed that it was too good to be true . Therefore , another Franklin Dictionary that I still have and use but is no longer available was purchased for me as a gift . I still use it and love it . However , not purchasing the Oxford was a decision remised and with great lamentation . Fortunately , while on a recent trip I found this wonderful tool in a local bookstore . Simply put , I love this little dictionary ! Its flat silhouette is just right for using it as a bookmark or attaching it to the end of my books for future reference . It is a wonderful tool to have on the plane , in bed , and even in my private `` library '' , where I do a lot of reading . Regarding its flat buttons , one only needs to use a pencil 's eraser instead as one 's finger . I use the eraser of my mechanical pencils . Have the patience to take the time to find your way when pressing the flat buttons of your Oxford . You will then love using repeatedly . The word list has been a great help for the betterment of my vocabulary arsenal , which is extremely week . I am very partial toward Oxford dictionaries , therefore , I am very happy that Franklin has adopted this delightful little unit for those of us who need all the help we can get while attempting to become proficient avid readers.Franklin Compact Oxford English Dictionary
 Works well . Keys are very small , which I suspose is necessary , given the size , which is good for sticking in the book bag . Should be good for students , nine through university for quick reference . The only real pain , I suppose , is it 's not very intuitive , which is the problems of all dictionaries , print or `` e '' . If you do n't know how to spell the word , a print dictionary might be easier .
 I have to say this is the best product ever !! I have been using mine for 8yrs and have NEVER had a problem . . very convenient and compact . . Works great with paperbacks and hardcovers but not so much with mass paperbacks b/c of its size . . Another reviewer asked about the red ribbon and why it was there . . Well , I found it very helpful if you want to keep your dictionary in the back of your book and use the ribbon to mark your book . . I have done a lot of research on this item -LRB- 8 years ago -RRB- and I have been more then happy with it . . With that said , after 8yrs of constant use , abuse -LRB- trust me this thing may be thin but it is a study little bugger -RRB- , and time it finally died on me -LRB- to my dismay -RRB- . . So had to get another one . After much more research I have found the New York Times marker contains 400k definitions vs. this one 145k . Back then the NY Times marker was n't available or I have n't discover it . . I do miss the little tick sound the Oxford marker has every time you press a key . . I found it helpful for not constantly having to look up . However it was not a big deal and out weighs the extra features the NY Times marker has . . So I would recommend the NY Times one instead . . But if you are dead set on using the Oxford dictionary be rest assured this will not disappoint you . . It has lasted me YEARS and saved me from much frustration thumbing through a dictionary .
 Uniden has mostly abandoned the wall-mounted form-factor , so I was pleased when I found this one . It works , it hangs on the wall , I 'm happy.I took one star off because the plastic was molded a little wrong , so that when you hang the phone up , you have to make sure it lands right . If you 're not careful the phone will just fall off .
 Pros : - CallerID on Call Waiting function.-Wall mountable base.-Can be quicky programmed with codes -LRB- direct commands -RRB- . - Temporary Ringer Off function compensates a bit for lack of DND.-Operation in the 2.4 GHz frequency range has much better coverage than 5.8 GHz.Cons : - Callers often complain they can barely hear me speak . Voice enhancement -LRB- VE -RRB- and clarity booster are no help.-Phone has no DND -LRB- Do Not Disturb -RRB- button.-Handset does not display current time/date . - Handset does not display time elapsed after call.-Speakerphone only on handset , not base.-User needs to press HOLD before picking each other line.-Not many ring tones to choose from .
 Since there seems to be no thoroughly developed cordless phones available , the Panasonic is sort of like picking a presidential candidate
 We need two lines in the house . There are n't too many two-line phones in the stores at a reasonable price . Based on a two-year experience with the Panasonic KX-TG2480S , I specifically sought out and bought this second one for an upstairs location . It 's user-friendly and a quality piece of work .
 Panasonic KX-TG2480S 2.4 GHz 2.4 GHz FHSS GigaRange Digital Cordless TelephoneI purchased this telephone because I needed a 2-line telephone for the wall in my kitchen that was compatible with the other Panasonic cordless phones in the rest of my home . Right out of the box , this phone did all I expected of it . It looks nice on the wall and works great . It has a 50 number regular memory and a 50 number caller-ID memory . A nice feature is once you set up the 50 number memory with name and number , and a call comes in , the name you have assigned to that number is what shows in the caller-ID window . This is usefull for the cell phone calls you receive which normally do n't show the caller 's name . I really like this phone and would definitely recommend it .
 Needed a two line phone that included a visual flashing lite to notify us of unplayed ` voice mails ' . Wanted a good looking and compact phone to fit on a small built in desk in our family room . Also our hearing is not the greatest and this is super clear and plenty loud -LRB- we turned it down -RRB- . This meets all our needs , was a very good buy , arrived promptly . We have purchased several items thru Amazon and a couple from this vendor and are very happy with quality and service .
 I was specifically looking for a 2-line cordless phone that would hang on the wall . It was a challenge to find this . The Panasonic phone fit the bill and works great . If I had one complaint , it would be that there is only one voice mail message indicator on the phone . This means you have to pick up the phone and listen to the dial tone of each line to find out which line has the voice mail message . This , however , would not make me send the phone back or not purchase it again . I would definitely purchase this phone again .
 I like the phone quite bit . I do not like not actually having a Line1 and Line2 button . Lines are accessed with soft buttons . I really use the speaker phone option a lot . The sound quality is really good . I also do not like the silver plastic case -- wish it were black or white .
 Excellent 2-line cordless phone . I bought two about a month ago mainly because of various reviews . So far I 'm very satisfied with the phones . I bought another to replace my AT&T AT 1412 -LRB- 2-line -RRB- cordless that I 'm happy to retire , it 's a lousy cordless . The Panasonic is easy to program and the sound is very good , specially when using the speaker phone . The speaker phone audio is SUPER . The other party does n't know when I 'm using the speaker phone . One can be 10 feet from the cordless and the other party can still clearly make out what your saying . Most cordless phones come with a belt clip as does the Panasonic , but it also comes with a Shoulder Rest attachment . I 'll probably never use the shoulder rest because the speaker phone audio is that good , never the less most others do not include this option . It 's desk or wall mountable . I 'm going to knock on wood when I say that I have owned a number of Panasonic products over the years and never have had one fail me . My only complaint with Panasonic is with their TH37PX60U 37 '' Plasma TV . The TV is great but I detest the remote . They swapped the position of the Channel and Volume buttons putting the Channel button on the LEFT . I have never seen a remote with the Channel on the LEFT and I go nuts when I move from room to room to view different TV 's . It 's just DUMB , 180 degrees out of phase with the rest of the world .
 I have owned this unit for the past 5 years . Works great ! I needed this for a 2 line connection and I needed for it to be headset compatible .
 I 've loved Panasonic phones for years now . They are reliable , they have `` fairly '' intuitive interfaces -LRB- let 's face it , no phone is truly intuitive -RRB- , and they tend to last . This one is no exception . Panasonic made the handset smaller and lighter than their previous models , which I like - it fits fine even with large hands like I have . They also added a nice touch
 I am a very satisfied customer of HP 's . And this is a pretty good product ; but not a great one.Why is it good ? --------------- Well , obviously , it can be used to record , transfer and burn movies into DVDs . It substitutes for the costly DVD Recorders from Philips ; but ofcourse , you need a PC with lots of HardDisk space and RAM to do the same job . Please note that in dc3000 the burning of the DVD and the capture are two separate process in time . This is not a real-time or a standalone recorder and always needs a PC . I guess that it is still value for the money.Ofcourse , you would also be able to convert your VHS tapes into the DVDs . You might have to play a few tricks on some VHS tapes -LRB- read movies -RRB- to get them burnt into the DVD . Remember that it does not have many ways finding that a material is copyrighted . I do n't want to dwell deep into this.The ShowBiz2 software packaged is pretty powerful ; but is also resource hungry . Remember we are dealing with files of Gigabytes in size . So , if you want to edit the movie into a DVD using the software , pump in more memory > 512MB -LRB- may be 1GB -RRB- . The 384MB in my machine was definitely insufficient . To create a DVD , it would need 13-14GB of free hard-disk space just like any other DVD authoring software.The QuickDVD option is pretty neat with just the minimum steps to create a DVD.Why is it incomplete ? --------------------- 1 . Lack of firewire/i . Link/1394 port .2 . Support for an external USB storage device like a `` portable USB hard-disk '' which can be used to store the MPEG2 file instead of the need for the PC . This would make the system pretty much a standalone recorder . The R&D ; and manufacturing cost should not increase beyond a few dollars for this I guess ; but I bet any company would charge $ 50 - $ 100 more for this feature .3 . Though not designed for this purpose , it would have been nicer if HP also included a timed DVD recording software or a feature in their software package.Value for money ?
 I have had my dc3000 for three weeks , burned over 40 DVDs , transferred video , made photo slide shows and made data disks all flawlessly . What I wanted to share with readers was what I have learned from reading all the problems that people are having , as reported at this site . The site is operated by one of the HP design engineers.http : / / groups.yahoo.com/group/hpdc3000Here are the three biggest problems ,1 . People did not read what the system requirements were before buying the unit . Typically they did not have USB 2 ports , or enough memory , or big enough hard drive or fast enough processor .2 . They are new to computers and thought they were purchasing something simple , like plug & play .3 . There have been some genuine equipment problems , so do not buy one of these units over the internet . If you get a bad one you will want to return it easily so shop at a local store.I posted comments before and I said READ READ READ and I am saying that again . There is no excuse for being disappointed because the unit does not have FireWire , or is DVD+R only . You should know these things before you buy . And if you do buy I hope things go well for you , I love mine .
 HP DVD Movie Writer dc3000True to HP 's reputation for making top quailty products , the HP Movie writer delivers all the functionality it promises and works flawlessly . Excellent software and hardware integration . It comes with analog-capture and MPEG-2 encoding capabilities . The only reason I gave 4 stars is because this unit does not come with FireWire or 1394EEE connection . It only has USB2 .0 . I wonder why HP did this , cosidering that most of us have FireWire but not USB 2.0 . Many computers built before 2002 have USB 1.1 ports , limiting them to 12 Mbps.Installation is pretty easy , if you follow the steps mentioned in the documentation . I like draw your attention to one important point before you buy this product . Your Desktop or Notebook should have a USB 2.0 for this product to work . Most of us have laptops with USB 1.1 . Only new laptops purchased in the last one year have USB 2.0 delivered . To enable your laptop to have USB 2.0 , read my special notes at the end of this review . I had to spend an additional $ 75 to make my notebook USB 2.0 compatible . I recommend that before you buy this product , makesure your computer has USB 2.0 else first buy the card I mentioned below and install it . Only after your USB 2.0 card works you buy this product.Following are the steps I recommend .1 -RRB- First install the software on your computer using your computer 's CD drive . -LRB- After installing the software , you should see a `` HP DVD '' icon on your desktop .2 -RRB- Then connect the delivered power cord to the Movie writer -LRB- The system lights up -RRB- . Connect USB cable to the USB port on your computer . Windows XP immediately recognizes the new hardware and comes with a hardware compatibility wizard . Just select automatic installation and everthing is done .3 -RRB- To see the drive on your computer , Right click on `` Start '' and select explore . You will now see the DVD-CD - R/W listed .4 -RRB- Connect your camcoder or VCR to your HP DVD Writer . Turn on your VCR . Insert the Tape . Position the tape at the section you want to start .5 -RRB- Double Click the `` HP DVD '' icon on your desktop and after the sofware is launched click the `` ArcSoft ShowBiz 2 '' . Slect the capture Vedio Button . Then press the record button to start your recording.Note
 I have created a FAQ for this product where you can get help directly from HP . If you search Google with my name , you 'll find a website and a link to the FAQ and user group that can help you overcome any difficulties you might experience with this product.Walt Mossberg wrote in the Wall Street Journal , `` The DVD Movie Writer is the best external video-conversion device I 've tested . `` We want to continue to live up to that claim and so if you 're having any difficulties , please share them with the user group and we 'll do our best to help you solve them.Lee Devlin
 First had problems with a code 10 USB Mass Storage Device error and the drive not being detected in the device manager -LRB- Win2k -RRB- . I have seen this same symptom in alot of reviews . Opened up the case and hooked it up as an internal drive via the IDE connection and that showed the drive was ok however it would n't burn a DVD properly . I got a longer spare IDE cable and replaced the one that the burner came with -LRB- ie . between the drive and the capture card -RRB- and have the drive in a spare bay . I actually like it as an external/internal better however , the capture card is kind of free floating in my computer . Prefer this setup rather than taking it back for an external . Had problems with rendering quality . Downloaded update for Showbiz2 from -LSB- website -RSB- under `` Known Bugs '' . Quality now looks great . System seems to have been rolled out before a thorough quality check on initial shipments . Seems they may have just had a bad batch of IDE cables get into some of their systems . Those who got a good cable give great reviews , those who didnt think it 's trash . Do n't forget the showbiz patch for quality rendering .
 I have been working with my old home movies with an ATI capture card and an internal burner , burning to both VCD and DVD formats . So far none have produced satisfactory results for archiving my old home movies - until now ! I am thrilled with the results from both this product and the software that it came with . I had some problems with the software but one e-mail to HP tech support and the problem was solved . I 've had it for over a month and have tested it pretty thoroughly . Did I mention I 'm thrilled with the product !
 I ca n't understand why people are having problems with this ??? If their computer meets the requirements then it will work.I bought my Movie Writer this afternoon and have already ripped 2 DVD 's as a test . I have n't even got a USB 2.0 port yet !!! Granted , the picture quality is n't crystal clear but that 's just due to me not `` tweeking '' my PC yet . I 've had it hooked up to my DVD Player , VCR , DV Camera and not one problem.The editing software ai n't bad considering it 's a `` freebie '' . I have Vegas 4.0 and nothing can beat that but Showbiz does the job . If you want help with this then read the online manual or search the net . Apart from that the instruction manual with it gives you enough to go on . The manual is simple because using the Movie Writer is simple.If I had to make one suggestion though , it is that it should have Firewire capabilities . However , what to do is capture your video using your DV camera 's firewire then use the Movie Writer to burn the DVD . There 's always a way around . Just my opinion even though I 'm only a novice !!!
 I read the reviews , some saying the dc3000 does n't work and many complaining about lack of instructions . I 've tried video card add-ins for my PC in the past because I 'm so worried about my VHS and Hi-8 home movies disintegrating but I did n't have success -- the quality was poor -LRB- maybe I did n't spend enough . -RRB- But the dc3000 connects as simply as plugging in an external DVD drive and it does work!The hardest part is figuring out how to use the ArcSoft ShowBiz2 video software . Between what 's included on the CD -LRB- I had to find the files through Windows explorer because when I selected that feature on the intro menu it kept telling me to reload the software -- this is the only thing that does n't work for me -RRB- and what 's available on the ArcSoft web site , I got it -LRB- my daughter had to help me with understanding how to edit but the tape-to-disk part is straightforward . -RRB- One problem I did have was the capture process freezing midstream . After turning off my screen saver and turning off the computer 's power save feature in the BIOS setup , I 'm able to start the capture and walk away.I think the HP instructions could be greatly improved but I am so happy that I 'm finally digitizing my tapes ! I even bought a new hard drive for a capture/edit workspace . The product works .
 This is my first time working with video on DVDs and I am very impressed with the dc3000 . No problems , it worked right out of the box . There is no instruction book as we all like to have but rather it is on the CD and there is a wealth of information , just print out what ever you are looking for . A word of caution , if every time you get something new for your computer and you have to spend lots of time on the phone with tec-support this would not be a product for you . Before you make a purchase READ READ READ go to the HP web site they have a lot of good information , go to the ArcSoft site , know what you are getting into ahead of time . The next generation is due out in April 2004 , called the dc4000 , I never think it 's a good idea to be one of the first buyers on a new piece of equipment , let the bugs get worked out . I think all the bugs have been worked out on the dc3000 and what an amazing piece of equipment .
 This is a good product for transfer of VHS tapes to DVD without much fuss . After having read the reviews of possible incompatability with Dell Laptops , I was concerned . I reviewed the faqs and website devoted to this machine written by one of the HP engineers and found them helpful and maybe crucial.I used a Dell Laptop running Windows 200Pro with no other video or DVD software . The installation was easy and the device was recognized . My initial transfer had poor sound , but checking the support website that is referred to by other reviewers , I was able to correct the problem fairly quickly . Make sure all virus software is disabled and your usb transfer rate is sufficient.I can start a transfer and walk away . It does take time . On my Laptop , 2 hours of tape equates to 2 hours transfer time , then at least another hour of processing and writing to the dvd . But , you can walk away . The software has a neat prompt asking if you want to burn another copy after the first which I always do . I have had no compatabilty problems with various dvd players.I say way to go HP !
 This is the fist tool I have ever used that makes it foolproof and simple to transfer VHS to DVD . Simply plug your VCR into the Movie Writer then plug the movie Writer into your PC press two buttons and let it run . All my conversions have been error free.HP 's use of the '' + '' format is a huge relief as whenever I have tried to accomplish this task using my '' - '' format drive I can never get the discs to play on my TV 's DVD player . The '' + '' format is much better than '' - '' when it comes to compatibility with other DVD devices -LRB- TV 's etc -RRB- . When you 're done with converting your VHS tapes it functions as a normal DVD Writer for data back-up 's , photo , etc.Leave it to HP to provide a simple , honest solution . Highly recommend this product !
 I hooked up my dc3000 without any problems to my PC . Probably because it is a HP a430n desktop . I burned tens of DVD 's with the dc3000 alreday . Yesterday I attempted to convert a 1 hr 45 min VHS tape . The conversion went without a hitch . I used the bundled ArcSoft Biz 2.1 to edit , add text , transitions and background music to the converted movie . When it came to burning the finished edited movie , it took a relatively long time to decode the material . The other steps like multiplexing , etc. went fast . The finished product seemed to lose some video quality -LRB- definition -RRB- .
 Having read all of the reviews on this site , I was somewhat skeptical and anxious about buying the product -LRB- having tried and returned the similar Dazzle product about 21/2 years ago -RRB- . However , I read all of the trouble-shooting hints at http://k0lee.com/dc3000/index.htm and made sure to follow all of the advice there -LRB- including the order in which to plug in the device to the PC and to the power source -RRB- BEFORE trying to burn anything . After all new drivers were downloaded , and settings adjusted , and screen savers disabled , it worked like a charm on my very first try , and I have been burning away making 2 hour DVDs of my 8mm tapes . The criticism of ShowBiz 2.0 seems justified -LRB- and it seems to have a 90 minute transfer limit , not 2 hours -RRB- , but for straight tape-to-DVD transfer , the HP Transfer Wizard -LRB- which runs ShowBiz 2.0 in the background , without any user interface -RRB- was mindlessly easy , and created full 2-hour DVDs . I highly recommend it .
 I am wrriting this review to provide some clarification to some of the previous reviews . To this end , I 'd like to clear up a few things :1 -RRB- If you want to copy the DVDs you rented at Blockbuster last night , that 's all you . This device has the capability , but was never intended , to do this .2 -RRB- I personally know two people -LRB- other than myself -RRB- who have bought this product and none of the three of us have had any problems installing or using it . To accentuate this , I offer to you the oldest computers stats -LRB- mine -RRB- : AMD Athlon 1700 + -LRB- 1.463 GHz -RRB- Windows XP Professional w / SP1768 MB RAMATI 7500 64 MB Vidoe CardUSB 2.0 PCI board by BelkinAll three of us followed the installation instructions EXACTLY , step by step and never jumping ahead -LRB- it 's only like 5 steps , anyway -RRB- .3 -RRB- The video editing software will easily capture your video . For the simple purpose of copying old video camera movies to DVD , the software is way more than enough.The software also provides you with literally hundreds of fade-in/fade-out , text , audio comentary , and graphics options if you wish to spice up your videos . There are enough tools to allow you to create near-professional level results.The most beautiful thing about the software , though , is that it is very easy to use and learn . While it 's not the best tool as far as file management goes , the interface itself is very comfortable feeling ; options are well laid out , logical , and easy to toggle between.There are a few improvements that could be made to the software suite , but considering this is ` lite ' software , it is very good .4 -RRB- Did I mention that all these movies you have created can be burned to a DVD+R , DVD+RW , VCD , or just to your computer 's hard drive ? 5 -RRB- Most DVD writers come with a disk for you to use , but this drive comes with a DVD+RW , wich allows you to experiment and erase , a very nice and USEFULL touch .6 -RRB- The digital to analog -LRB- DA -RRB- converter works very well . I have experienced no hickups or static from any source , including my VHS-C tapes when played directly from the video camera to the dc3000 .7 -RRB- The HP DVD Movie Writer dc3000 can be used as a regular DVD+R / DVD+RW / CD-R / CD-RW drive for data purposes as well , not just for the video recording aspect.OVERALL
 The dc3000 has been great , both for transferring old video tapes and photos to DVD , and even more for editing videos before writing them to DVD.As others have noted , some people have experienced problems with their machines . The lead architect on the product has setup a suport/discussion/feedback group on yahoogroups and has done a great job in helping people with problems get them corrected and to correct problems with HP or the software vendor . The problems people have had seem to lie in three categories :1 -RRB- There was apparently an assembly error in some devices resulting in intermittent problems . All of the units do not seem to have had the cable routing problem , and Lee -LRB- the HP architect/designer -RRB- has made manufacturing aware of theproblem so it should n't recur .2 -RRB- HP ships a new version of ShowBiz with the unit . It is so new that the manual is n't even available yet , but there is onscreen Help built into the package and it is very similar to other storyboard-oriented video editors . There is an update to the version of ShowBiz that ships on the CD that you should install . It eliminates a proplem that many of us have encountered . The update is available via the FAQ at k0lee.com / dc3000/index . htm and on the HP support website3 -RRB- Lee has explained that there are conflicts between various DVDburning software that have affected some people who have installed the HP software and other DVD copying software.The first problem is being addresed by HP and if you have a faulty unit you can exchange it . The other two problems should be easily avoided by most people , once they 're aware of the cause and solutions .
 This has really been a fun project for the family . Before it was a chore to watch VHSC tapes . Never being able to find a favorite spot very quickly . Now on DVD , watching home videos are fun again . I had a few problems getting started
 I got this item years ago so that I could convert mini DVs from my Sony Handycam to DVD and the product has it 's own software and it is very easy to use . I never had to contact HP for support so I ca n't comment on technical issues , but I think if you need an external DVD drive on which to burn data and movies in particular , this is an easy solution .
 I have owned this item for a couple years and it is great for coverting old VHS tapes to DVD .
 I did my research before buying this product . What my conclusion is I use this device to transfer short video 's on to my laptop . Thats all that I use it for and it does what it is supposed to do . I did find a lot of bad reviews , with people trying to transfer long movies and what not ... So buyer beware ... Brandon -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB-
 As far as combos of this nature go , the HP DVD Movie Writer does n't sacrifice much either as a DVD Writer or as an analog input device . Some notes
 The DC3000 installed first time out of the box for me with no problems . I 've successfully copied 12 hrs . of vhs tapes and another 6 hrs . of 8mm sony tapes . I 'm using a Compaq Presario laptop with USB 1.1 , a spare 15 Gigs of disk space , with 128 meg of RAM -- not a souped up system for sure . I 've been using Fujifilm DVD+R and DVD+R / W blanks , as the two HP sample DVDs gave me a problem.The Muvee Producer software provided was enough to show me that I wanted to buy the $ 19.95 upgrade to the full version - 3.0 . This product will pay huge dividends to those who try it . It is cool , even just to package digital photos in an interesting movie format , forgetting the clips from the videos I can insert from my DVDs now . I have n't read great things about the Arcsoft Showbiz package , but I have n't played enough with that to give it a thumbs up or down for me yet.After I finish converting all of the movies that I want to do , I 'll be left with an external DVD drive that I can move between my desktop and laptop . Not bad at all . - a pleased user with expanded horizons
 I purchased this product as an early Christmas present for myself with the intention of taking all my home hi8 tapes and putting them on DVDs for presents for the Grandparents . The hook-up of the equipment and the installation of the software went beautifully . I did have to purhcase the Windows XP Home Update and a USB 2.0 card so that my system at home would meet the minimum requirements . I immediately plugged in my camcorder and began capturing the video right to my PC . It was working great . I was familiar with video editing tools so I was n't terribly put off that the documentation for the ShowBiz software was lacking -LRB- I later found a PDF version on Lee Devlin 's website , see his message -RRB- . When I got to the step of writing the movie I had capture to DVD I ran into problems . The drive did n't seem to want to respond.I 'm not a Windows guru so my first instinct was that I must not have a correct driver or I 've installed something incorrectly . I talked with an HP technician by calling the Help number provided in the documentation and we spent over an hour and a half trying to trouble-shoot the problem . To make a LONG story short , I finally found Lee Devlin 's DC3000 message board -LRB- again see his message posted here -RRB- . It 's a great site for getting help . After talking with Lee , we decided that I was having a hardware problem with the drive and he suggested I return it for another . I did that and when I brought the new drive home and plugged it in , it worked like a CHARM ! It wrote the DVD without a problem and I went from that to plugging in a VCR to copy a VHS tape to DVD -LRB- using the editing tools provided by ShowBiz -RRB- . This also worked perfectly and I 'm now a VERY satisfied customer and my children 's Grandparents are going to LOVE their Christmas presents !!!
 I bought a dc3000 to dump several VHS and Hi-8 tapes to DVD . The installation went OK on my PC -LRB- USB 2.0 , 1GB RAM , Windows XP Pro , AMD 1600 + CPU -RRB- . The front buttons are backlit by a very bright blue LED and the unit has no ON/OFF button . The bad part is that I keep my PC in my bedroom . When I went to bed , the room had a blue glow to it . I thought I was being abducted by aliens ... again ... : - -RRB- Anyway , then I started playing with the software . The PowerDVD DVD viewer seems OK . There are 2 pieces of backup software from Veritas . I really , really , really wish HP had worked with Nero on this one . The Veritas software seems very limited -LRB- although I admit not playing with it very long -RRB- . I have n't played with the muvee autoproducer but I 'm not quite sure that it does.Then we come to ShowBiz 2 . Like others I was shocked with the lack of documentation . I 've played with other movie programs so I finally figured out most things , but I 'd really like some better documentation on the whole package . It wanted to change the resolution on my screen and ended up changing other things -LRB- like the refresh rate -RRB- so beware those of you using 800x600 . I have burned a CD using the transfer wizard . That worked just fine . The resulting DVD is almost as clear as the VHS tape I started with . After capturing the 1hr45min tape , my system spent 30 minutes chewing on it and 10 minutes burning the DVD . There was some nice CD/DVD case inserts that you can print as well that uses captured frames from your video.So far so good , but I think the software needs a little work .
 My main point here is HP has great technical support for this product . I 've had my DC3000 since Dec 03 , and I love it ! It was just what I needed to transfer my old VHS tapes to DVD . I did n't have any of the problems other people discussed in previous reviews -LRB- I have a 1.3 GHz processor , 256 MB memory , 60GB hard drive , and Windows XP Professional -RRB- . I did have trouble writing to the + R discs with my first movie . Consequently , I was on the phone with HP tech support a few times . They were always very helpful and willing to spend all the time needed to get the problem solved . It turned out my first movie just had n't `` created '' right , and after I `` created '' it again , it worked great . Just wanted to let people know the HP tech support is great !
 I set up the Movie Writer last night . There was a kink or two with installation which caused me to install twice , but once it was up everything was fine . I burned a 2hr dvd without any issues ... even with USB 1 instead of 2 . The lack of a comprehensive manual is mildly annoying but I was able to figure out the basic functionality pretty fast .
 After reading some of these reviews I was a little anxious about the dc3000 but decided to give it a try and see what it could do . Given all the complexity with drivers , BIOS etc , I was expecting a difficult installation . I could n't have been more pleased . The software installed on my Dell without a problem , I was making my first DVD in no time . The only issue I had was after powering down the computer the first time , I got a blue screen when I started the Dell the next day . I noted in the documentation it was critical to have the latest and greatest of all drivers etc. . I went to dell 's web site and downloaded an updated system BIOS and that solved the problem . I have since installed the software on a Compaq laptop and also have had no problems -LRB- after downloading latest drivers BIOS etc. -RRB- The video capture software works well , I have copied from a camcorder and also from old VHS tapes . I took a 6 hour VHS tape with holiday tv specials and made 3 DVDs with which will make it much easier for my kids to find Frosty the Snowman next Christmas . I also made a backup of about 4gb of digital photos onto the DVD to take advantage of the higher capacity . I think some users with older computers need to be cautious as any new product can cause compatability issues , but as long as your hardware manufacturer provides updated drivers , you should be OK .
 According to this weekends Best Buy circular , this HP Movie Writer is advertised as a `` PC-Free Movie Writer '' . The idea of being able to transfer my VHS tapes into DVD is very enticing and I was very happy when I read that it was `` PC-Free '' , but when I went into the internet , nowhere does it state `` PC-Free '' . Could you enlighten me on this matter . I would really appreciate it . Thank you .
 Was n't very difficult to assemble.I had n't gotten this piece when I originally bought my system from Office Depot a few years ago . Was surprised to fin one that matched perfectly . It has three shelves that you can space as needed in the top portion.The next two down are drawers that slide real well on rollers , as does the bottom drawer , which is a file cabinet . Excellent purchase .
 I purchased my first Waterman Hemisphere pen as part of a gift set about two years ago . Since then I have purchased half a dozen as gifts and to have various colors for myself . Everyone loves the pen . It is solid , smooth , well balanced , and it is not slippery . This is an excellent product .
 Great pen , fast delivery , but I got black ink , not the blue ink I wanted .
 The best , and the cutest pencil case out there . Like most Kipling stuff it will last forever , so pick the color you really like . I would certainly recommend it to a friend .
 I 'm a guy in college majoring in music . As every good musician knows , your pencil is the most important tool you can have . I was looking for a pencil case which would not only protect and keep my pencils organized , but is n't the `` binder kind '' or a hard plastic box . This is perfect ! It holds AT LEAST 22 mechanical pencils and the bright red color makes it easy for me to find in my messenger bag ! I gave the monkey away as a gift haha . Wish there were more colors , but im ordering a couple more of these bags to sort out my art utensils as well ! Markers/sharpies/colored pencils/chalk/etc ! All around great for stuff!i suppose it would begood for makeup or something ... if i can fit pencils in here you can definitely fit eye pencil things or lipstick or something
 I have previous items by kipling so I am used to the brand . I like the kipling case but the material is thinner than my previous items . I baught this pencil case to replace my other one which was bigger and more difficult to pack . I am using this for class -LRB- pens , pencils , erasers , etc. -RRB- and it holds alot of stuff.I 'm not sure about cosmetics but if you are buying this as a pencil case for school or work then this is the item for you . the monkey on the side is very cute and I have gotten compliments on it several times . It fits in a cute purse or backpack so it is very versitile . I also recommend if you have a favorite purse/expensive bag so as to protect it from ink stains .
 This pen case does n't just fit everything I need for college it also is very cute with the little monkey . However having something dangling from a pen case can be annoying for some people . But of course you can take it off . It matches perfectly with the Kipling expandable messenger bag which I also own in red . I would love to see Kipling selling tiny monkeys like the one that comes with this one just for variety . The quality seems good too . It 's water resistant apparently . It hold all my writing materials but other than that it 's just a common long pen case . Overall the `` breaking point '' is the monkey that come with it and the fact that it matches with the Kipling bag line .
 I think this pen case is convent and so cute every pen case have a toy . And every toy have name . It 's so cute
 I bought this as a gift for my wife to organize her cosmetics for travel . It is excellent for small items such as lipstick and mascara pencils and applicators . She loves it .
 This pen case does n't just fit everything I need for college it also is very cute with the little monkey . However having something dangling from a pen case can be annoying for some people . But of course you can take it off . It matches perfectly with the Kipling expandable messenger bag which I also own in red . I would love to see Kipling selling tiny monkeys like the one that comes with this one just for variety . The quality seems good too . It 's water resistant apparently . It hold all my writing materials but other than that it 's just a common long pen case . Overall the `` breaking point '' is the monkey that come with it and the fact that it matches with the Kipling bag line .
 Bought the black one and it arrived on time and in great condition . Real great for stationary and cosmetics .
 I love this binder . It has a place for everything I need to do business . And , the best part is the binder is NOT think . It really is a great space saver and fits nicely in your hands . Get it !
 Great features ; Like the both base unit operating with just one line connection . Love it .
 I love these phones ! They have a great battery life and good sound . Great price ! I like that you only need to plug one into the phonejack and they both work !
 These are great no frills phones . They do n't have alot of features such as an answering machine but they do the trick if you are not looking to spend alot of money .
 I was really shocked when I read the bad reviews of this phone . I have had my set for several months and have NEVER experienced any of the problems mentioned in other reviews . I do have to say that the way I have my phones arranged , the main one in the basement and the extra phone -LRB- the one that does not need to be plugged into a phone jack -RRB- in my bedroom , they happen to be right on top of each other , albeit on separate flooors - so maybe that has something to do with why my recpetion is so great . But again , I have never had any problems and think this is a great phone . I love the simple , sleek design and do not think it feels or looks cheap .
 After reading the other reviews of this phone I can say that I am a bit shocked . I chose this phone based on its features and price . When I brought it home I followed the instructions for set up and then left it to charge for 15-20 hours as instructed . Once that time had passed I gave both phones a try and was pleased that they worked flawlessly . No static , no crackles , no problems whatsoever . In fact , these phones have continued to work just fine ! As for their range - I have found that either phone will go all over my tri-level house with no degredation in the sound.Based on my experience so far , I recommend these as a great deal !
 Very good product EXCEPT that you can NOT use both handsets at the same time .
 Let me just start by saying we 're getting ready to purchase our 5th set of these phones and that should say something all by itself . We 've been using this model for several years and have purchased sets for 3 of my sisters and my Mom . For the price , the phones have great and EASY TO USE functions . We have never had the static problem that several reviewers mentioned . The phones are very light weight and I like that because I use a headset with the phone and clip the handset to my belt or pants , but my husband just uses the handset . They keep their charge and are fairly attractive sitting on the counter top in the bedroom . Simply put , 2 phones that look good , work well , easy to use , and last , all for under $ 40 - decisions do n't get much easy to make than that .
 I have n't had any problem with this phone at all . It works great for what I wanted a dual handset for , I use the dual handset so I can use my Vonage phone service on either end of the house . It works just fine for that purpose .
 I was surprised at all the bad reviews of this item . I 've been using these phones for several months now with no problem . The price was right and they look good . The sound quality has been very good , I ca n't think of one problem that I 've had . My husband even bought a set for his mom . We have owned Uniden phones almost exclusively since we started buying cordless phones and always recommend them to people we know . Every one we have ever owned has lasted for years.I 'm very pleased with the fact that Uniden has changed the design of their phones to include a `` talk '' and an `` end '' button . The handset on my answering machine uses one button and I tend to hang up on people accidentally when trying to hold the phone with my shoulder . That 's the main reason I 'm looking at telephone reviews . I want to replace my `` ancient '' answering machine -LRB- a Uniden EXAI7980 -RRB- although it still works great because owning the DXI7286-2 has made me realize how annoying that problem really is . Accidental hang-ups have never been a problem with my new phones .
 Excellent cordless phone . We have used it for the last 3-4 years . Works great . It has so many good features . I like the chain-dial feature -LRB- store your calling card pin etc , and use it by a single button push -RRB- . Looks great . The rechargable battery has been working all these years , I did n't have to change it . Really the best phone I ever owned !
 after nearly two years of ownership , phone is still working perfectly . speaker-phone function on both handsets is awesome . pretty good range . easy to use .
 this small size home phones works great , are good looking a has all the features you need , dont hesitate in purchasing . Not a good thing is the range !!
 This is a really good phone ! Love the size and the handsfree features on each phone AND the base . Our last phone did not have that feature on the base and if the phone rang and we could not locate the handsets we could not answer the phone . Now we can ! The reception is great and the volume features are easy to operate . We also got a killer price and prompt delivery . We are happy customers !
 The uniden cordless phone with dual handsets that I ordered has so far met the requirements for which I purchased it.I needed an additional phone for my bedroom and a phone that I could have beside me while in the living room.The weather is not receptive at the present time to test the phone while in the yard , which was another reason for the purchase .
 Best phone for the price . Makes life so much easier . Best phone ever . I will never buy any other kind ever.Looks very nice , easy to use , no-errors in pressing the number buttons .
 What an upgrade this was from my old Panasonic 900mhz phone.The phone is great . What stands out from this phone.The good-Bright screen and easily readable text.-Clarity of sound , no static.-Easy to setup , took about 5 minutes.-Small , stylish , fits in your hand nicely.-Answering machine is easy to function , the messages are loud and clear.Not bad of a deal for under $ 100 for a two headset phone . My first Uniden and I very much like this one over the Panasonic phones I 've used for years . Highly recommended .
 This phone far surpasses any digital phone I 've ever owned . The audio quality is exceptional , quiet and clear . The `` do not disturb '' feature is useful for disabling the ringer , and the answering machine is simple to use . It has lots of features , and is a great value for the money !
 Nice features . Easy to use . Fits nicely in hand . Love the options . Great product . I 'd buy it again .
 I LOVE these phones . I 'm from Barbados and we have been using these phones for approximately 7 years and they still work perfectly ! No issues with display , sound quality and the range is astounding and ours also came with a headset that you can attach and use if you were doing chores and wanted your hands free to do stuff . The only thing is that the material around the antenna tends to break off after a while leaving the metal wire sticking out . However , I would vouch for these phones ... they are also children proof ... our kids have dropped them repeatedly and they work still and were not damaged . About 3 months ago ... my husband had some concrete blocks on the back of his dump truck and I was on the back of the truck helping him to offload the blocks and I had one of the handsets with me and forgot it on the back of the truck . When my husband went to dump the broken/damaged concrete blocks the phone was accidentally dumped with them and when we realised what happened and retrieved the phone about an hour later , it was not scratched or damaged in any way and was still working and is still working up to today ! For those who did n't have a good experience with these phones , I can only guess you received a defective one out of the lot that was manufactured as this happens sometimes with any product but as I said before , I can vouch for this particular model Uniden phone , it works ! We love them so much that we refuse to buy any other brand or model and I realise they are hard to source online now . We will be using these phones until the base stop working and the handsets become ramshackled and that does n't seem to be happening any time soon .
 This telephone is the best phone Ive ever owned , I have 4 phones on one system and have never had a problem in 3 years , reception is outstanding , ease of use , and phone batteries have never been replaced , this phone in particular is the best home phone system on the market , Ive tried others , nothing beats this one . You can do so much with this particular phone even the higher price uniden 's are not as good , have friends with diffrent uniden phones all have switched to this phone , no one has any complaints !!!!!!!
 For everyone who has this phone and was having trouble with adding the area code - I found the solution . When your looking at your caller id and it 's a long distance number you can hit the # button to add the area code -LRB- if it is n't there already -RRB- and you can add the `` 1 '' before the area code and number by hitting * -LRB- tone -RRB- * woohoo * no more editing and redoing all the numbers before you add them to caller id !
 I bought these to replace old cordless phones . They work great and seem to hold the charge well , especially with two chatty kids , they spend more time off of the charger than on it ! Good variety of rings to choose from , can assign a different tone to specific phone numbers . Speaker feature is used often by my daughter , `` locate '' feature is used often by me !
 For anyone having trouble with any Uniden Cordless phones with Bellsouth DSL service , we had the same issue initially . We went to Home Depot and they have a little gadget for $ 25 that you put on your phone line where it comes in your home , that separates the line into one going to DSL and the other going to the phone line and filters them separately . We went around and around with this issue until we bought this gadget and put it on our phone line . We have not had ONE problem since , and we were getting 20 + disconnects from DSL a day beforehand . The phones are GREAT . The problem is the Bellsouth DSL filters they supply and the way they are used , is not very effective . Save any frustrations , keep the phone , and just go buy the $ 25 gadget for the phone line !
 I bought the DCT 648-2 set for a specific purpose ; I only had one physical phone line , and I wanted all of the features available which it had.The simplest way I can put it is
 ive purchased two different base units , , , I , d recommend pluging in the base into a surge protector , , , we , ve killed 2 bases , , , the hand sets seem to survior , , , lightning storms seem to love the base units ...
 Just got this system with two handsets and am wonderfully pleased . It 's got great little features like remote retrieval of phone messages from the handsets . No problems with sound quality at all . Highly recommend .
 This phone makes the sometimes frustrating search for a good cordless phone easy . Look no further!I ca n't find anything wrong with this phone . Uniden really seems to have thought of everything here . Not too much . Not too little . Just right!A soon-to-be classic cordless . Well done , Uniden .
 This Uniden dual handset and digital answering system package is a GREAT VALUE , and most importantly , WORKS WELL ! The usual gremlins that plague cordless phones clearly -LRB- pun intended -RRB- have been addressed with this product . These phones have excellent battery life/talk time , excellent voice transmission and reception quality , ` spread spectrum ' technology that works well -LRB- for privacy - it makes it harder to impossible for those with scanners or other Ham Radio receivers to eavesdrop on your calls -RRB- , and a speakerphone that works great . An added plus is a beautiful , high-tech looking amber colored lit keypad on each phone . For years , I have been spending all kinds of money on cordless phones , and most have fallen short in all of the above areas . Finally , it is a pleasure to have found a reasonably priced , ergonomically and aesthetically great looking , quality set that delivers excellent performance in all important areas ! GREAT JOB UNIDEN !
 This phone works great . Clear sound . I even added a third handset that I bought in a yard sale .
 I bought this along with two extra handsets while visiting my parents . My parents had two 900 mhz phones and one answering machine that picked up after four rings . By the time my mom got around to answering the phone she had to shut the annoying answering machine off . I upgraded their answering machine and phones and with this 2.4 ghz system along with two extra handsets . Now they 've got a phone in each bedroom as well as one in the kitchen . I managed to set everything up the morning I left -LRB- after the minimum required initial 15 hour charge time -RRB- . The answering machine picks up after 6 rings and each handset has been programmed to answer after picking it up from the charger -LRB- stopping the answering machine -RRB- . I really like the speaker phone feature in each of the handsets too . The handsets are quite small but are all fully functional with caller ID . BTW you only need one phone line and four electrical outlets for each handset and answering machine .
 Uniden DCT648-3HSPros * Bright easily read display * Phone is small and fits in hand nicely * Message notification light on handset and blinking led on base * Messages can be accessed on any handset as well as base * Handsets can be named -LRB- example
 I have two phone lines , and each has one of these Uniden systems with a base unit and 3 handsets . The base units sit next to each other , over the top of my computer , and there is no interference.There are a number of specific things I really like about this system : - The built-in answering machine can be accessed from any of the handsets . If there is a new message waiting , a light flashes on the handsets to alert you . The base unit also has the option to beep at you until you listen to the message . The answering machine is very customizable - The handsets have a speaker phone , and I can switch back and forth from speaker phone and I have never had someone on the other end say `` are you on a speaker phone ? you sound like you 're in a tunnel '' -LRB- like they always did on my old phone -RRB- - You can send the phonebook entries from one handset to another . - There are lots of ring tones to choose from . You can set up different ring tones for different callers -LRB- if you have caller-ID -RRB- - When you want to add a handset to the system , you just place it in the base and voila it 's registered . - You can use the handsets as walkie-talkies away from home . You also use them as a baby monitor . - The handsets are small and lightweight and accept a headset . I put on my headset , clip the phone to my belt , and can talk for hours . - With my previous phone , I had constant problems with accidentally hitting the mute button while I was talking . I have never had any such problems with the uniden . - The battery life seems great . I recall one marathon 5-hour phone call , and the battery was fine . - The sound quality is great . - The display is very easy to read . You can name your handsets.I can only think of one complaint . When on a call , if you want switch to another handset , you ca n't just pick up another handset and push Talk ... you have to transfer the call to that handset . That is not that big a problem , but it has taken some getting used to , and has resulted in hanging up on people a few times.All in all , after 4 months I am very happy with this phone system .
 I initally bought these phones before and took them back to the store , thinking I did n't like the small size , in large part because they could never sound as good as ` normal ' sized phones . -LRB- I have a big head , so there 's a long span for a phone to cover . :-RRB- So I finally settled on the AT&T ; E2715B/E1215B , a 2.4 G set with two handsets . However , I kept coming across these Unidens and re-reading the reviews and finally broke down and tried them again.As a comparison test , I switched back and forth between AT&T ; and Uniden in both receiving and making calls -LRB- left myself messages at work -RRB- . In normal handset use , the Uniden blows the AT&T ; away ! It has much fuller sound and ` presence ' in both listening and speaking , whereas the AT&T ; sounds like a radio using only a little tweeter . However , I thought the AT&T ; 's speakerphone to have a little better sound . The headset quality is comparable between the two , although each has different tone - the AT&T ; being more treble , the Uniden having more bass.That said , I actually prefer the AT&T ; phone 's ergonomic shape and the way it fits my hand , simple uncluttered layout , larger buttons , and green backlight -LRB- over the Uniden 's garish orange -RRB- . Just not sure I 'm ready to switch to a cell sized phone permanently.Since I like talking on a headset more than a handset , I did one more comparison test of the Uniden against the 900 Mhz GE cordless headset phone I 've used for a couple of years . Both come across with a quite decent sound , but the Uniden comes across a bit louder and clearer.Some negatives of the Uniden , most not unique to this brand of phone :1 . As noted by others , I 've noticed ` burps ' with 2.4 GHz phones while using the microwave , not too surprising with both devices working on the same frequency . Not a big problem , unless you normally talk and cook at the same time .2 . I 'd like a better selection of ringtones . The selection of 20 just is n't that great . -LRB- How about a sound clip that mimics the old ringing phones , for us geezers old enough to remember when most phones had cords and dials ? The AT&T ; even has that ! -RRB- 3 . This last one is a stupid , * stupid * design mistake made by practically every brand of cordless phone with a caller ID display
 We are very satisfied -LRB- if not blown away -RRB- by this phone . For the price it has some very nice features . We especially like that we can access messages from any phone -LRB- we also purchased extra handset to go with this system -RRB- and we really like the speaker phone feature on each handset . The handsets are a little small but that 's not all bad . Sound is a little tunnel-like but not a deal breaker for us . Paid less for this system plus an extra handset than we could find in any other brand that had same features .
 This is the first review I have written on Amazon.com , but felt compelled to write one for this great set of phones from Uniden . I have only had them approx . 1 week , but the sound and feature set is great . I had one small issue with static and the echo mentioned in other reviews , but after moving the base station to a more open area -LRB- instead of inside an entertainment center -RRB- , this cleared up . The sound/reception is great , now.Pros :1 . Phonebook copy . Contacts stored in phone can be copied to all handsets . Many other phones will not do this .2 . Speaker phone on each handset .3 . Digital answering machine is very user friendly . You can check messages from any handset , which is very handy .4 . 20 ring tones to choose from , and distinctive ring tones can be assigned to your contacts so you know who is calling just by hearing the ring .5 . Color -LRB- silver casing with orange backlighting -RRB- is very cool , and highly visible in low-light situations.Cons :1 . When on a call , if you switch to another handset due to battery/location/etc . , you have to transfer the call to that handset . You can not just pick up another handset and push `` Talk '' . This disconnects the call you are on . This is explained in detail in the manual , and is fairly simple to do , but annoying if your phone battery is about to give out .2 . Numbers stored in contacts do not appear that way on caller id , as with many cell phones . Not a very big drawback , but would be nice to see `` MOM CELL '' pop up instead of `` Birmigham , AL 205 - ### - ### '' . I store phone numbers for a reason , so I do n't have to remember them.Conclusion : This is one of the best sets around for under $ 100.00 . In most cases , you can find them in a 3 phone set for around $ 90.00 . The feature set is excellent , the phones look great , and battery life seems to be very good . The use of NI-MH batteries is nice , as the NI-CD batteries seem to develop a memory and not hold a charge much quicker than the NI-MH or lithium batteries . I would definitely recommend this set to anyone .
 So far , this phone is EXACTLY what I was looking for . I wanted to try out the two handsets concept , and that works great . I have the second handset plugged into the bedroom outlet where no phone jack is required . I ca n't get over how much phone I got for the price . It has the built in answering machine , speaker phone , phonebook , multiple ring tones -LRB- about 20 I think -RRB- , I could go on and on . There 's really a ton of neat features , only half of which I 'll probably ever use . You can even use the two handsets as walkie-talkies without even being near the base . The answering machine was easy to set up as are the handsets . Most of it is relatively intuitive , although if you need to refer to the manual , it is easy to understand . The handsets are small , which may or may not be to everyone 's preference . I actually like them small , because they are lightweight and easy to attach to my belt . They are n't too lightweight either , meaning that they do n't feel flimsy or empty at all . I have not experiened anything unpleasant in the sound quality . The sound has been crystal clear for me . Also , the range on this phone is very impressive . I walked to my neighbor 's house with barely any interference . I have always had good experiences with the Uniden brand . Every time I 've tried another brand , I 've ended up unhappy . This model is sleek and stylish , compact and full of features . Most of all , the quality of sound and construction is excellent . I would highly recommend this phone .
 I work from home and I use these phones constantly throughout the day . They perform flawlessly . The sound quality and reception are superb . The battery life is amazing ... I 'm on long calls all the time -- 2 or 3 hours or more , and the battery has never died . I do n't even know if there is a warning tone for low battery . I love the speakerphone built into the handsets ... I use that all the time , and people ca n't even tell I 'm on a speakerphone . All the other features ... the mute , redial , phone book , caller ID , all work great as well . Right now I 'm in the process of moving to a bigger home and I 'm shopping for two DCX640 's to complete the system ! I would recommend these phones to anyone .
 These phones are great , they have long battery charge time away from cradle and are loaded with features . Easy to use . A great buy !
 I bought this along with two extra handsets while visiting my parents . My parents had two 900 mhz phones and one answering machine that picked up after four rings . By the time my mom got around to answering the phone she had to shut the annoying answering machine off . I upgraded their answering machine and phones and with this 2.4 ghz system along with two extra handsets . Now they 've got a phone in each bedroom as well as one in the kitchen . I managed to set everything up the morning I left -LRB- after the minimum required initial 15 hour charge time -RRB- . The answering machine picks up after 6 rings and each handset has been programmed to answer after picking it up from the charger -LRB- stopping the answering machine -RRB- . I really like the speaker phone feature in each of the handsets too . The handsets are quite small but are all fully functional with caller ID . BTW you only need one phone line and four electrical outlets for each handset and answering machine .
 It 's almost impossible to bring a cordless phone home and it 's almost perfect . This is that phone ... cute , easy to hold , good sound , loud enough , speaker phone good , not too bulky , not too small , you can add additional phones to it . So when I 'm too lazy to go upstairs to ask my mom a question , I just hit the button and call her to the other handset . You can also use it in `` monitor '' mode . Easy to read display , easy to program and program different rings for different people in your address book.The only reason I gave it 4 stars is because for some reason , after I had it for several months , I started having problems with my DSL and we found out that this particular phone was disrupting my phone signal . Moved the phone around the house , and the problem was always this phone . When I replaced it with a Bell South phone , I did n't have the problem with the phone line any more , but the Bell South phone has horrible sound quality ... so , I 'm going to buy another Uniden and try it again .
 I 've own this phone for almost one and a half years . Many people said this phone can not be used with phone card because it can not save the numbers separately . Some other person provides a solution by saving two or multiple numbers into one number . THEY ARE WRONG . I have figured out how to use this phone with phone card . The phone PIN number , company number , and the destination number can be saved separately and used with phone card . I have used it to call Taiwan many times with the phone card . NO Problem . The sound quality is good for me . I am very happy that I 've got the phone with such a modern and stylish look . And , I got this phone for only -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- ... . It 's a wonderful deal !
 This phone fit my house very well , but it had some connection problems . The expansion was a good idea , because now there is more then one cordless around so i can find a phone easier !
 I just bought this phone and it works great . I purchased other cordless phones and actually got this one because the 2.4 ghz Panasonic I previously had was terrible . It had too much static and was more expensive than this one . This phone is great for one because of the small size and it looks very up to date . As a matter of fact it really looks and works like a cell phone . The one feature I really like is that you can not only use the base as a speaker phone , but also the phone itself . Comes in handy when you 're trying to do things while talking at the same time . I like it !!!
 I had this phone for nearly 3 years and just recently it got struck by lightning and does n't work anymore . I went and bought 2 phones that same night at Walmart -LRB- they didnt have these vtechs -RRB- , they were panasonic I believe ... and all 3 were GARBAGE . Made me miss my vtech even more.I 've dropped this phone plenty of times , had water splashed on it , and other hazards of the home and it still worked perfectly . Never a drop out , never static , never any buzzing when walking outside.I 'll be buying a brand new base and extensions soon .
 A reviewer earlier indicated that he could not store the numbers for his long-distance phone card . It is true that you can not store the `` 800 '' number and the PIN as separate numbers , but you CAN store them as one number.First dial the 800 number and count the seconds until you get the first command for a particular number . Use the `` pause '' that is a part of storing numbers for those seconds , then enter the rest of the numbers . For example , I use a phone card that requires me to enter `` 1 '' , then the PIN . So I entered the 11-digit phone number , 7 `` pause '' placeholders , then `` 1 '' and the PIN . I entered 7 `` pauses '' because that is how long between dialing the card 's phone number and when the automaton answers and tells me to enter `` 1 . `` So far , we love this phone !
 I have tried several multi-handset cordless systems , and this one met MY needs the best . It provides :1 . Excellent sound quality2 . Great battery life with it 's NiMh batteries3 . Many useful features such as : hands free speakerphonein each handset , any key answer , handset to handset paging and lighted keypad.None of these systems are perfect , but I found the Vtech to offer the best combination of good sound quality , ease of use and cost .
 This is the BEST PHONE I have ever purchased . The speakerphone on base unit is very handy for my home office and the belt clip that comes with the phone is another asset . Range of phone is excellent & clarity is superb .
 This is the best phone I have ever bought this is actually the 3rd time I have bought the same phone .
 One of the cheapest phones I 've seen with all the options.I purchased extra phones so I had 4 phones total running off this system.Phones lasted quite a long time in my house . We 're pretty bad at tossing phones around to each other so we go through phones every couple of years normally.I 've replaced a lot of Panasonic phones in my time . These phones lasted 3-4 years and I 'm actually still using them.After all this time some of the buttons are starting to be testy . Having to push hard to get them to work . But again , many years of abuse . Battery life was and is still good . Batteries were replaced once.highly recommend this product if you can still find it .
 I do n't know what all you people are talking about this phone being bad and all but I bought it yesterday and have n't had one problem with it . . and I know someone might say well just wait . . well no because my aunt and uncle have this same phone and they 've had it for a long time and have n't had any problems either .
 This is a great cordless phone setup . What sold me is how it offered a handset with speakerphone , base answering machine , caller id , and the ability to add a few more handsets if needed . Other nice touches are a fully backlit display and keypad , very easy to use answering machine that even my grandmother knows how to use , and a loud usable speakerphone ! Even better when compared to the Panasonic models , the handset is small ! I 've always liked Panasonic models but the physical sizes of their cordless phones is ridiculous -- vtech got it right with this baby !
 I bought this phone to replace a sony and I am not the least bit sorry . First of all this phone is compact - looks great - easy to operate and sounds great . It has three mailbox and you can leave personal messages in them from the base unit . Caller ID / NAME gives you time and date also . I soon to have the other two extensions in this house replaceing my other phones.Total of 4 you can have and I have 4 phones in my house .
 Hi , I just bought this phone and could n't be happier . The reception is excellent and the phone is easy to use . One of the best features is that the phone has a built in speaker phone in the handset . The phone is small with a nice feel to it . The base unit does n't take up much space and there is a compartment for an extra battery that provides power when the lights go out so you can still use the phone . I had a top of the line Panasonic that worked well too but was hard to use re-dail and other phone functions . The handset on the Panasonic is much larger . The answering machine on the Vtech is also excellent . I have no negatives on this phone . I read lots or reviews on this and other phones and either one reviewer loves a phone and then one hates it . I do n't know why there are so many strong opinions on these phones . Forget everything you 've read . This is a great phone . Do n't hesitate to buy it . The Panasonic 2.4 is also another good phone but is much larger , heavier and is more dificult to use with less bells and whistles .
 After reading the reviews of others , I was hesitant to purchase this phone & expected to be disappointed . This product is great ! Instructions are easy to follow -LRB- 20 minutes to set up main features -RRB- , the design is zoomy and easy to use , the answering machine sounds & works great . We live near a major airport and I was concerned about clarity - No problem so far ! the line is clear and crisp - no white noise here ! We are not using multiple handsets , so ca n't comment on that . I highly recommend you give this system a try - so far , we really like it !
 pros
 I started buying VTech cordless phones when we had a feed line go bad in our house wiring . Ma Bell wanted -LSB- money -RSB- to correct the problem , so I started looking for other solutions . The VTech cordless was the answer for us ... we now have five of the units , and the cordless base unit with the built in answering machine just caps it all off . Lots of range , clear reception , fits in your pocket . Absolutely no problems with these guys .
 I 'd gone through about 8 phones before finding v-tech generally to be the best and most logical . I had the 2461 system which I adored , but after 4 yrs , had to replace , so I upgraded to the 5866 , which I hate , and I will try and find another old 2461 . The 2461 's design is simple and sleek . The hand set nesltes comfortably in the hand . The range is about the same , as the 5866 , even though the 5866 is a 5.8 g.On the 2461 the normal , headset & speakerphone volume and clarity are excellent . The handsets are wall mountable . For the search through the phonebook for #s you just keep the key pressed to advance.Both phones keep the date and OGM through power outages , with the spare battery installed in the base unit . This is an important feature if you have `` spotty '' elect service , which I 've only found on V-Techs , and is not mentioned in any phone specs . Both also do not display the incoming phone # , even though I have caller ID , and the #s are in my phone book.If you want to `` play '' with your phones , and do n't mind spending a day programming each one , this may not be the phone for you , but for a good looking , simple , basic , ergonomic , easy to use phone - the 2461 is still the best .
 We 've had this phone for over a year now with no complaints . We have a second handset in another bedroom . Both have separate , adjustable ringer volumes . Medium loud can be heard easily , loud can be heard over a vacuum . The answering machine is reliable and you can delete a message mid-way thru if needed . It stops recording when a phone is picked up , too . I needed an extra battery for the 2nd handset and had to wait on hold for 10 minutes , then they were out of stock . Took one month to get it , but that is the only negative to be said about this great phone .
 You know I have owned only 2 -LRB- not counting this one -RRB- cordless phones in my life and never had a problem with any of them -LRB- until they got OLD -RRB- . . People , stop whining , if you want a `` perfect '' phone I do not think you will find one , if ya do , let me know please so I can see this miracle!Reception is NEVER perfect on a cordless , this one is just fine ! My outgoing/incoming messages sound just like any other tae recorder so I do n't understand why others are whining about that one.This is a way kewl phone for an awesome price ! I would never in my life spend more than this on a phone . . even with the most expensive phones people are complaining about the exact same things , so why bother ? Who the heck walks 2 miles with their phone to talk ? NOT ME . . LOL . . Thats what my cell phone is for ; o -RRB- Lets face it , want a decent phone with some great features and easy to use with decent reception ? Then this is a nice one . . Also love the fact that it is not a big phone and fits nicely into my hand.TTFN . . KC
 Pros : Small , lightweightDigital answering machine with multiple mailboxesSpeakerphone in BOTH the base , and the handsetSleek design -LRB- come on , that 's why you are checking it out ; -RRB- Expandable with additional handsetsProgrammable memory - you can save calls that have come in via Caller ID.Cons :2.4 GHz may not be enough if you have a large homeSmall displaySo , I have a small 2 bedroom apartment , and this phone is PLENTY for my uses . If you have a sprawling estate , you may need the range of a 5.8 GHz phone . Also the display size is sacrificed to keep the unit compact . These are not major gripes.Reception has been crystal clear since I began using the phone . The handset speakerphone is awesome . If you are not a fan of headsets that are cumbersome , you can understand . I sit with my phone in my lap and put on make-up , or use it while I 'm cooking , washing my hands , etc.The other swell thing about this phone is that you can purchase additional handsets and plug them in anywhere -LRB- you just need an electrical outlet - no phone jack , it reads the base signal -RRB- . That means that you can have an extra handset anywhere , and you can program numbers into either of them , because they share the same memory!Overall , far more pros than cons . A great phone for the money .
 After only one day of testing , both handsets work well . We can speak and hear from anywhere in our house or yard with absolutely great clarity , a first for us with cordless phones . We really love it . So far , only two dissappointments
 I 've had this phone for about 4 months now and have been very happy with it . The sound quality is very good and the phone has a number of nice features , and also has a nice contemporary design . A previous reviewer gave this phone a bad rating because the memory only allows for 32 digit numbers and the base unit will only accomodate 4 handsets . While this is true and may be a limitation for business use , it is not a limitation for most home uses . Besides the 2.4 GHZ , 3 mailboxes , 30 minutes of recorded messages , and the ability to have up to 4 handsets , this unit also stores a spare battery in the base unit which re-charges it . The spare battery is also used as a backup power source for the base unit if the power goes out in your home so you can still use the phone . I have also been pleasantly surprised with how long the battery lasts . It 's no problem getting 5 hours of talk time between charges . And the speaker phone in the handheld unit , while not sounding the same as if you were speaking into the phone directly , works and is a nice feature . The phone is small and light weight which is another plus when clipping it onto your belt for use with the headset . All in all a very nice phone with a nice set of features .
 This phone does so many things so well I hate to criticize it 's few faults.The good .1 . Backlit display and keyboard .2 . Easy to add numbers to memory .3 . Easy to edit numbers in memory .4 . Multiple handsets can be in use at a time .5 . Global or specific phone page . Intercom between phones .6 . Nice loud ringtones ... many different sounds .7 . Speakerphone is loud and clear ... one of the best I 've heard on a consumer product .8 . Good range and sound quality.The not so good .1 . Manual a bit confusing and slim .2 . Menus can be counterintuitive .3 . Dialing numbers from caller I.D. easier than from memory -LRB- so why use memory ??? -RRB- 4 . Must retrieve messages from answering machine ... ca n't get from handsets . Of course you can get your messages from another phone by inputting codes .5 . Ca n't transfer phone list from phone to phone .6 . Slightly echoy sounding ... but not distracting .7 . No speakerphone in base unit . Vtech sells another version with this feature . I wish they had added it to this `` higher level version . `` Overall , despite the shortcomings , this is the best multi-handset system out there . The speakerphone works so well that I ca n't imagine buying a phone without this feature . I can be in the kitchen , cooking , handsfree , while having a discussion with my spouse on another floor.I want to give it 5 stars because it does so much but there is room for improvement -LRB- are you listening Vtech ? -RRB-
 At first i was apprehensive on spending so much on a phone based on the VTECH brand . I have used sanyo , uniden , and panasonic cordless phones in the past . Based on reviews here and on epinions.com i decided to take a chance on this model by VTECH . Siemens units have had terrible reviews . ATT , panasonic , and sony all had lower overall reviews on the internet . Make sure you do your homework on which brand to buy.I have one base unit and one additional handset from VTECH.PROS
 We tried out this phone because we 've had a REALLY tough time finding a decent cordless phone to replace our old main system -LRB- too many overhead wires in our home are causing the cordless phones to cut out or even disconnect -RRB- . After failing miserably trying to find a decent replacement , we just happened to buy an inexpensive zip-o frills `` temp '' phone by VTech until we could muster up the patience to try looking for a good main phone again . I was shocked -- It actually worked !! So , with this in mind , I thought I 'd give the VTech 2.4 GHz a try as our main phone . I 'm SO glad I did . After I got over the sticker-shock , I 'm happy to report
 We bought this one because it looks cool and the fact that it 's a cordless phone with answer machine and Caller ID all in one , a big space saver ! One of the features we really like it the `` hand free '' option on the handle , you can put it on the table or on your belt while talking and people seemed to hear fine on the other end.We do however noticed some static from the earpiece . After reading reviews on Vtech 2431 , we 'll try to move the base to a different location to see if the noise will go away .
 The best , and the cutest pencil case out there . Like most Kipling stuff it will last forever , so pick the color you really like . I would certainly recommend it to a friend .
 I 'm a guy in college majoring in music . As every good musician knows , your pencil is the most important tool you can have . I was looking for a pencil case which would not only protect and keep my pencils organized , but is n't the `` binder kind '' or a hard plastic box . This is perfect ! It holds AT LEAST 22 mechanical pencils and the bright red color makes it easy for me to find in my messenger bag ! I gave the monkey away as a gift haha . Wish there were more colors , but im ordering a couple more of these bags to sort out my art utensils as well ! Markers/sharpies/colored pencils/chalk/etc ! All around great for stuff!i suppose it would begood for makeup or something ... if i can fit pencils in here you can definitely fit eye pencil things or lipstick or something
 I have previous items by kipling so I am used to the brand . I like the kipling case but the material is thinner than my previous items . I baught this pencil case to replace my other one which was bigger and more difficult to pack . I am using this for class -LRB- pens , pencils , erasers , etc. -RRB- and it holds alot of stuff.I 'm not sure about cosmetics but if you are buying this as a pencil case for school or work then this is the item for you . the monkey on the side is very cute and I have gotten compliments on it several times . It fits in a cute purse or backpack so it is very versitile . I also recommend if you have a favorite purse/expensive bag so as to protect it from ink stains .
 This pen case does n't just fit everything I need for college it also is very cute with the little monkey . However having something dangling from a pen case can be annoying for some people . But of course you can take it off . It matches perfectly with the Kipling expandable messenger bag which I also own in red . I would love to see Kipling selling tiny monkeys like the one that comes with this one just for variety . The quality seems good too . It 's water resistant apparently . It hold all my writing materials but other than that it 's just a common long pen case . Overall the `` breaking point '' is the monkey that come with it and the fact that it matches with the Kipling bag line .
 I think this pen case is convent and so cute every pen case have a toy . And every toy have name . It 's so cute
 I bought this as a gift for my wife to organize her cosmetics for travel . It is excellent for small items such as lipstick and mascara pencils and applicators . She loves it .
 This pen case does n't just fit everything I need for college it also is very cute with the little monkey . However having something dangling from a pen case can be annoying for some people . But of course you can take it off . It matches perfectly with the Kipling expandable messenger bag which I also own in red . I would love to see Kipling selling tiny monkeys like the one that comes with this one just for variety . The quality seems good too . It 's water resistant apparently . It hold all my writing materials but other than that it 's just a common long pen case . Overall the `` breaking point '' is the monkey that come with it and the fact that it matches with the Kipling bag line .
 Bought the black one and it arrived on time and in great condition . Real great for stationary and cosmetics .
 Like the other reviewers , this is the absolute best , most comfortable-in-the-hand pen I have ever used in almost 60 years of writing . Some of my patients have commented on it . After I let them try it , they too are convinced . Then they ask what drug company gave it too me . LOL . I wish ! These are not inexpensive pens and refills , but they are certainly worth the cost . I just hope Pilot never decides to stop making these . Turbocharged ink may sound a bit over-the-top , but it is easy-flowing and a joy to write with.The small variety of basic barrel colors allows me to avoid boredom . On Monday morning , I am going to change from my usual dark blue back to orange . Just feeling a bit careless these days -LRB- grin -RRB- . I wish they did n't call that reddish one pink . I used to use that but caught grief from a couple of coworkers . Funny , it never seemed to bother my wife!There are a few negatives , of course . but they are but minor annoyances . It seems that every part that must screw to another gets loose after a while , so plan on tightening them regularly . It 's a habit for me and I suspect every Dr. Grip user.The soft barrel hold the oil from your fingers , so every morning I wipe it with a damp towel . Eventually , the color of the barrel will darken as the oil gets to the colored inner tube . Then I take it apart , wash and dry the outer -LRB- clear -RRB- and inner -LRB- colored -RRB- tubes . Presto , it 's like new again.There are no perfect and very few near-perfect items in this world . Dr. Grip is at the top of the list . After all , what 's wrong with enjoying the small creature comforts available to us in life ?
 When I think of all the fine writing instruments I 've used over the course of my sultry and erotic life , I can nay think of a more fine pen than the Pilot Dr. Grip . It 's soft yet supple curves cradle the fingers so gently the user will oft forget he is even holding a pen . I 've never written using a cloud per se , but I could imagine the feeling would be comparable to that of the splendidly pleasurable splendor of the Pilot Dr. Grip . I have written with this pen for two months and in that time it has spawn several torrid yet passionate love affairs . How you may ask ? How indeed sire!Also it 's refillable which is cool , and I like the clicky noise it makes when you click it .
 I 'm a sucker for high quality products . If I 'm going to pay for something and use it a lot , I want the best . The same is true for pens . I want a pen that writes smoothly , feels good , and does n't skip . This ink pen is just the been I 've been looking for.This pen writes FANTASTICALLY ! The be precise , it writes FAST ! When putting pen to paper , you will be surprised at how fast your pen moves across that paper . It moves very smoothly , whereas other pens have a rough , scratchy feel when using them . This is helped along not only by the smooth-flowing ink , but by the balance of the pen . So not only does it write fast , but it 's a very stable experience as well and you will have a lot of control when writing with this . Also , it 's an extremely comfortable pen to write with . I find that my hand does n't get sore as fast when using this pen.On the value side of things my pen came with a free refill and it was only $ 7 ! Overall this is a fantastic pen . I absolutely love it . I finally found the pen I 've been looking for . It 's comfortable , does n't skip , writes smooth , and feels good . = D
 As my mother approaches 80 , it gets harder and harder for her to write by hand . She loves to correspond and she is writing her life story , so this is a big issue . This pen is very comfortable for her to use . It is big enough around and has the right weight to be easy to hold . Since things come and go from the market , we ordered two pens and four refills so that this will last for a while .
 When I originally placed this product in my chart I chose green . However , I switched products then switched back and the default was red which is more like hot pink . Not exactly what I wanted , but the pen writes great and is just want I wanted .
 I bought this pen for my 87-year-old mother who has arthritis in her hands and ca n't grip hard any more . It works great for her . The larger size makes it easier to hold , and the weight is distributed so she does n't have to press hard . She is pleased that her handwriting now looks almost as good as it used to .
 I am currently writing over 5 hours a day on average and I had terrible finger pain where I would physically not be able to write anymore . So I researched and wanted to get the best pen available . This was recommended highly amongst internet users so I purchased one a my local office supply store.GRIP & WEIGHTThe grip of the pen is really comfortable for your fingers ; however , it was more difficult to maneuver the pen . I found myself gripping the pen tighter , which caused my forearm to tighten . The weight of the pen is not really balance throughout the entire pen , it is definitely bottom heavy -LRB- near the grip -RRB- , which I really did not like because it made it difficult to write with the pen . Overall 4/5MATERIALS & INKTo figure out why it was so bottom heavy , I decided to open up the pen . I was really surprised by the plastic squeaking when opening the pen - I did n't expect cheap plastic materials in an extensive pen . The top part of the pen is made out of thin plastic and the bottom holds the ink . The bottom of the pen had the most weight and it felt really sturdy . As for the ink , I was really shocked to see how much ink you get . It 's about half the size of the pen and I ca n't see this ink lasting too long before you have to refill -LRB- comment if you know how long the ink lasts -RRB- . Overall 3/5OVERALLI do like the design of the pen . I like how it is comfortable to hold without hurting your fingers . And the quality of the bottom half of the pen is fantastic . Perhaps to make the pen less expensive , they used cheaper materials at the top -LRB- which I do n't fault them for that -RRB- . I really like the design of the pen and I can see why a lot of people like this pen , but it just did n't work for me overall . But , it 's not a bad pen in so I 'll give it a 4/5
 I think these are the best and most comfortable pens to use . I am a student and I have to write a lot . These pens do n't hurt my fingers at all even after hours of writing . The `` center of gravity '' part means that it feels perfectly weighted in your hand . I have written with it so much I now buy refills because this is the only pen I want to use.It 's also cute that it comes in various pen colors !
 This pen is perfect in so many ways . It 's balanced , so it feels really comfortable in your hand . The pressurised ink flows out of the pen in the smooth lines of a typical gel-ink , but unlike gel-inks it dries immediately , so you get none of the annoying accidental smudging and smearing that you can get with a gel-ink pen . Absolutely the best pen I 've ever used .
 I like it as I was looking for a pen I can write hours with , it 's nice but at times I find it stagy but it eventually slide back into action again , it 's little on the heavy side and I notice it makes my hand little tired but you this was the best that I found for free fast writing . And believe me , I have tried countless ball point pen until I found one that I could use . I have it a 4 star as there is always room for improvement with almost everything .
 Maybe I read the description of the item wrong or something but I thought that the pen would come with multiple colored grips that could be switched in and out of the pen but instead , it came with only 1 color . While I have no problem with the orange grip , it would have been nice to have other colors ... On to the actual pen , the Dr. Grip seems to have declined in quality since I 've last used them . It has many more plastic parts to it which while does lower the weight of the pen , makes it feel cheaper . The whole center of mass thing is pretty cool as you can balance the pen along the joint between the grip and barrel . One last tiny gripe I have with the pen is sometimes , it gets inky and blotty . While not a big deal , it can make your notes look a tad bit messy .
 This pen is by far the best writing instrument that I have used . It is the only pen that I use now . Lightweight , smooth writing style , and rather unassuming when you look at it -LRB- which I appreciate -RRB- .
 I had been looking for this size for a couple years so was very happy to find it on Amanzon . We already had this size in use for the business and they were all full . This is the perfect size for our receipt records .
 I ordered this product with the intention of giving it as a gift to a friend . Upon receipt of the item I opened it and installed the batteries to ensure that it worked properly prior to giving it as a gift . Everything worked as it should and my friend loved the look of the item .
 I bought this phone and then decided to redo our computer room in a Mickey theme . I found everything I wanted on amazon.This phone is great Mickey `` Talks '' when the phone rings or you can turn off this function the alarm clock and radio are nice features also . Worth the price for a Mickey Mouse fan !
 I went through three soft gel wrist rest pads . All three of them quickly deformed and burst open , oozing sticky gel on my desk . This wrist rest from Fellowes is made of solid foam , not gel . So , I expect it to last for years . The only criticism of this particular item is I would prefer it to be a little bit thicker , but overall it 's a very good product .
 Love this product . Firm support for the wrists and easy to clean . Just wipe with a wet cloth .
 I bought this to use with a laptop , but it should be reserved for use with pc keyboards . Laptops often have drives or ports on the front edge -LRB- facing user -RRB- , which are very hard to access when using the wrist rest , which should be placed right at that edge of the keyboard for use . Moreover , the memory foam is too firm to cradle the shape of my wrist , so it only `` remembers '' a dent , really.The positives are that it is one of the few affordable rests with some type of filling -LRB- as opposed to the rectangular rests made of the same material as a mousepad -RRB- , and that it may be long enough , depending on the keyboard , to accommodate the mouse as well .
 This is the best phone ! Please advise me as to the availability of another one !!! I need one or ten more ... do not make them anymore .
 This is the second phone I purchased for my business . I paid about $ 40.00 more for the first one at an office supply store . The phone has been everything I had hoped for . I wish I would have shopped here for the first one as well . Even with shipping I saved significantly , and the phone arrived in a timely manner new in the box . It was a great deal .
 I spend the entire day on the phone in my home office , and looked at quite a few phones before deciding to purchase this one . The buttons are large and easy to use , the indicator lights make it easy to tell if you 're on mute and whether the headset or speaker is live , and the caller ID display is large and easy to read . I particularly appreciate the fact that the phone has a built-in headset jack . Surprisingly , most of the other corded phones I looked at lacked this feature . I only have a single line , so ca n't comment on the 4-line features . Overall , I would highly recommend this product .
 I bought 12 of these to use in a call center , It is fantastic system !! It has many of the same features a full scale $ 7K office phone system has for a fraction of the cost . Plug and play it Auto = finds all the other extensions . And all extensions can be turned in to wireless by adding the H5400RE3 handset . 100 caller ID # 's remain in the memory of each phone . Using the extra battery compartment will allow it to works when the power is out . Speaker is great and for privacy comes with headset connector . Many features can be programed to fit most needs .
 I purchased this product for my elderly mother who loves to send cards on special occasions . The cards in this assortment were of very good quality and she was thrilled to receive this as a gift . Along with the cards we enclosed stamps so that now she has what she needs without making a special trip to the store .
 I was well satisfied with the cards . I would like to find the same product with 3-D embellishmemts .
 I gave these to my staff for Christmas presents and everyone loved them . You can always use a card and a lot of times you forget to go out and buy them .
 I like this product and found it very useful , however I liked even better the La Loupe greeting card assortment .
 I bought this item for a bridal shower gift . The receipient loved it and so did the shower guests !
 I bought this set of cards for my mother in a nursing home . It is a lovely set for her to choose from ... it 's very very hard to find card collections in the store ... so this is a perfect gift .
 Very happy with the quality for the price . The cardholder is alsovery nice and could hold several more cards . I would buy this again .
 I currently have 3 RCA 4-line phones in my office . One of them quit workinq , since the RCA was not available new only used at the time I needed to replace one . I chose the ATT 1070 phone , a great purchase , and the price was less than the RCA 's new 4 years ago . The ATT phone is a very well built and a good quality product . The features are easy to use , has a nice speaker , caller ID display , also nice larger touch tone buttons . I hope it lasts , I 've only had it for 2 weeks .
 I bought 12 of these to use in a call center , It is fantastic system !! It has many of the same features a full scale $ 7K office phone system has for a fraction of the cost . Plug and play it Auto = finds all the other extensions . And all extensions can be turned in to wireless by adding the H5400RE3 handset . 100 caller ID # 's remain in the memory of each phone . Using the extra battery compartment will allow it to works when the power is out . Speaker is great and for privacy comes with headset connector . Many features can be programed to fit most needs .
 Pros :1 -RRB- Built Like a battle Tank2 -RRB- Very well Designed3 -RRB- High Quality Digital Sound4 -RRB- High quality Digital Microphone5 -RRB- tactile Buttons provide good pressure feedback6 -RRB- Less Expensive than comparable competitionCons :1 -RRB- Inconsistent quality control2 -RRB- Older units are much better3 -RRB- LCD turns off after a few seconds of non-use4 -RRB- Ringer volume is low and raising it produces undesirable side effects6 -RRB- While on any line , unanswered calls on the rest of the lines leaves the respected line engagedComparing it to comparable products , this one wins a place on my desk with flying colors .
 Tried two cordless speaker phones and one other corded speakerphone with my Magic Jack computer phone . none worked well until this one . It also does n't take up much space on my small desk . Only wish it was cordless . .
 Works well , speaker is clear . One thing that would be nice is a mute button so you can listen to a phone conference without the other end of line hearing your background noise .
 Nice stickers . I 've been using them on my iMac 's keyboard for about 2 years . No issues , not a single one peeled or moved . I blind type in English but not in Russian , so I really like that the Russian letters stand out . That 's the only time when I need to look at keyboard .
 I ordered the keyboard to be able to write my homework from the computer . Loved it ! It really looks great , will not cover the underlying letters and they come in different colors depending on your keyboard .
 Well the stickers are very useful , be careful putting them on , when they cover up part of the letter the regular letters are harder to see so if you do n't have the American key board memorized be cautious . Also if you pay attention to the symbols telling you which button to put where , it skips some , and so be cautious or you will miss-sticker your keyboard .
 I purchased this bed rest for my friend . He is absolutely in love with the Dolphins . The item arrived earlier than it said it would . I was very happy because it arrived in time for me to give it to him . The bed rest as a vibrant color which I love . My only qualms are that it is slightly smaller than I imagined as well as the dolphin symbol is smugged .
 This security box is money well spent ! I ordered it with standard 3 to 5 day shipping and it came in two!The box that I received is not the key lock box , but instead is a 3 digit code lock , which is good because now I do n't have to worry about losing or someone snatching the keys.The box itself weighs 4 pounds and is constructed out of very durable steel and plastic . They tray inside the box is plastic , and the box itself -LRB- minus the sides which have plastic covers on the but steel underneath -RRB- is made of steel.The box itself is very spacious . It has a plastic tray inside that has space for cash , 4 different coin trays , and an extra tray for things like keys or other small important things . But that 's not all ! You can lift the tray out and you have access to the under-storage . This under-storage is a deep , divided part of the box where you can keep larger important things . The plastic divider in the middle is also removable in case you have something of a medium-large size that you do n't want to lose . But wait , there 's EVEN MORE!The ceiling of the inside of the box is ALSO REMOVABLE ! You can take this piece off to store lighter things up top , and also this is used to change the lock combo.The lock comes standard set a 000 , but can be changed as many times as you need to . ** In order to change it , you must know the current lock combination.The box comes with everything mentioned in the product description and even more . The directs are very simple to set your box up.This security box is very well made and I would recommend it to anyone who is looking for quality at a medium price .
 This is the coolest lunch box I ever owned . Room enough inside for the heartiest eater . The only drawback is the flap inside the upper lid will not stay secured well and falls open too much . Not a big deal or I would have fixed it by now .
 I absolutely love this pen . It 's so cute and extremely functional . I love the way it writes . It does n't make your hand cramp if you have to write a lot . I am currently in nursing school and this is the only pen that I will use . The only warning I have is that changing the ink is difficult at first . It took me a little bit to figure it out . Unlike other pens where you just take off the end and slide the new ink in , this one you have to pretty much take the whole pen apart . But that 's the only thing . I definitely recommend this pen to anyone !
 As a nurse and a student , I write constantly . With smaller barrel pens , my hands cramp and ache after writing for an extended period of time . No with this pen ! This pen is comfortable and writes beautifully . The Center of Gravity Dr. Grip has ballpoint ink and it lasts for a very long time . Great product !
 I write a lot ... and scribble a lot of notes ... and draw a lot of doodles . lol This inkpen is great in my ` awkward ' left hand that I seem to favor . The color is nice , the grip is superb and I 've even done a book signing with it , and it held up to the test . Great product .
 I really like the feel of this pen in my hand . It writes relatively smooth , however the ball point feels a bit finer than I like . The ink is n't as dark as I like either , it 's almost a dark grey instead of black . It 's also gone out on me a few times during long sessions of note taking and then I have to scribble a bit in order to get it started . Overall I do really like the feel of it , however for the price , I 'm not super impressed .
 Love this pen . Works well for me and does not aggravate my carpal tunnel . I definitely will purchase again . I just wish it would have come in blue ink .
 I work in a hospital lab and we are constantly signing our initials , ETC. . I 've been known as the one with the awesome pens - the co-workers are always jealous . This pen furthered my reputation . It 's great - very shiny and the pink gives it a little bit of style . Feels great in my hand and the ink is dark and smooths very easily along the page without dragging . It 's not terribly thick , but it does take a few seconds for the ink to dry into non-smudging .
 I have arthritis in my hands and bought one at the storethem purchased a few more her . No more pain in the handswhen writing
 This is absolutely my favorite pen ! It 's not only really comfortable to write with but it also writes really , really well . I 've decided to buy a few more so that I can have one at work , home and in my purse at all times . Definitely recommend it !
 Had to stick up for this phone after seeing some low review scores . I work from a home office and have had this phone for at least 5 years . It has all the features I need , solid quality , intuitive buttons that are well laid out , etc. . A couple of small items mentioned in earlier reviews are true , like the need to sometimes slow down and make sure to push the buttons . I 've actually only experienced this when punching in my SBC voicemail code , so thought it was an issue with their systems . I love this phone .
 This is an excellent product that handels 20 pages , CDs , Credit Cards and the like as advertised . It never slows down or hesitates . And it is quiet ! No universal screaming motor that gets slower and slower as you add sheets . A long duty cycle . I have run it for as much as 20 minuts with out a thermal shut down . The bag full flashing red is great . The forward and reverse functions are better that any that I have tested . Be sure to order the oil for the cutters and follow the instructions . The roll around casters are flawless .
 Although large , you can not beat this product for the money ! LOVE , LOVE , LOVE the size of the bin . For those that shred alot , the bin is huge so you are n't continually running to empty the trash . Also the noise is kept to a minimum . Great product at a great price !
 I bought this shredder after having to deal with endless jams in my previous shredder , when only a few papers passed through . I tried the twenty paper test on this new shredder , and no problems ! Another great thing about this shredder is that , it 's not that loud , so you can park yourself in front of the tv while shredding , without having to turn the volume up hardly at all . Also , since the shredded paper is deposited into the closed bin , and you can not see how much is in there , there is an automatic sensor , which will not allow you to shred any further , once the level of the paper gets too close to the blades . At that point , you can either empty the bin , or shake it , to settle the paper down . I definitely recommend this shredder - I had six months of junk mail piling up , as I was deciding whether or not to get this one . I ended up plowing through more than half of that junk mail in like twenty minutes ! I did hear that the shredder can get too hot , as with any shredder , so I do n't push it , I 'll do maybe twenty minutes of shredding , and then do some more later on . This shredder was much bigger than I expected , but for the quality of work that it does , I do n't care ! Forget those store bought shredders for $ 50 , this shredder was worth the extra money !
 This unit is a big step up from my older Aurora model . Much quieter and many more features . I 've had this for about a month now and use it to shred my monthly personal expense documents and junk mail . So far , no troubles or disappointments .
 I bought this shredder for the office . It works very well . It could be quieter though . All said , I am happy with the machine and would recommend it .
 This shredder is excellent . The motor is strong and fairly fast . One reviewer said the shredded pieces were n't small enough , and I can see what he/she means , but I ca n't imagine anyone being able to find anything of value in the gazillion little pieces . It is small enough for my needs . I do wish the basket were twice as large as it is . I can only shred about a one and a half inch stack of paper before it needs to be emptied . Sometimes one can pack it down and get a little more in.Tip
 This is a great product . It does n't jam or overheat as easily as the smaller units , plus it can even shred CDs ! I am very happy with this product .
 This is the best shredder in the world no one can read what it cuts .
 I Loooove my Swingline 747 Polished chrome stapler . Not only is it very stylish but a conversation piece that people can admire on my desk because it 's just so beautiful ! Worth every penny and feels good in your hand !
 The stapler is very sharp looking and looks fab with any contemporary or modern decor . It 's obviously very solidly made and works smoothly . It 's a clone of the Office Space red one , but with a different finish .
 I had no idea I could like a stapler so much . Swingline always made good staplers , but I really love this contraption . Whenever I use a stapler other than my chrome wonder I start missing this puppy . Really , I had no idea I would like this product this much .
 the 747 model is the best swingline stapler EVER . We have it in the red and black colors at my office , but I opted to buy the polished chrome because it 's shiny . lol . I like shiny things ! What was a big concern was fingerprint smudges , and to be honest , there are hardly any . First of all , you rarely actually hold a stapler with just your fingers - because you normally use your entire hand/palm of the hand to use it . Secondly , any fingerprint or oil smudges from your hand are n't really visible from the naked eye , or from a distance . If you hold it up close to your face , then yeah , you 'd see them . but for the most part , it 's not that big a problem for me.I love it on my all gloss black desk , it stands out but in a good way . : -RRB-
 ... and heavy . Reminiscent of the 50s in design and quality . I 've only owned it four ten minutes so too soon to tell about durability .
 Our office , the local branch of a 16 billion dollar company , with over 50,000 people world-wide , and a name known by everyone who ever bought a tool , air conditionar , refrigerated truck , a door lock , an air compressor , or golf car , has the worst collection of staplers in North America.Except for this one.I bought it for the computer genius lady and she is DELIGHTED ! I 's wonderful.What does it do , you ask?It not only looks great
 There are not enough words to tell you how awesome this stapler is . And SO heavy duty . I bought it for my desk at work and am now considering getting one for the home : o -RRB-
 Feel like I paid way too much for a stapler but was tired of my old Swingline jamming . So read some reviews and sprung for this shiny chrome heavy duty stapler . So farI have been impressed , lets see how it holds up long term . 4 stars
 This stapler works well just like all solid Swingline products . It really stands out . I am a high school teacher and I was gullible enough to keep it in my classroom . Very unique , the stapler only lasted about a month before one of the students stole it . I 'm debating whether or not to purchase another one like it .
 This stapler did everything I needed it to do . It did n't jam or require a directions manual to load it .
 This is a well-made , attractive stapler . It works great , as I would expect . The nice part is that it 's heavy enough that it does n't skitter around your desk when you use it.The other reviewers are correct , however - it should come with some staples s it 's ready to go to work .
 Came on time and in good condition , have n't had a problem with it yet and its been a couple months . Works great ! Looks pretty too1
 I bought this retro stapler to compliment the contemporary theme I had in the office . Not only is it functional , it looks fabulous . So I bought another one for my home office to go with the modern look there as well . Definitely a must have in any office .
 I had read on one of the reviews , that it was n't polished chrome , well it is ! Heavy metal , chrome . Works as well as any classic Swingline stapler . Very happy , but it does show fingerprints .
 If you want to make a statement on your desk then this is what you need to get ! It has a nice quality chrome on it and it works great . I wish I could buy more desk accessories that were of this quality .
 I get alot of compliments from my coworkers when I put this on my desk . This is the only stapler I use . Does n't jam like the cheaper ones . I do n't have to worry about anyone taking it because it 's unique . Good buy and excellent service .
 I Dearly wanted to replace the Swingline 737 stapler but I could not locate it . I had the 737 for 30 yrs and it was great used it all the time . This Swingline 747 is much larger which I do not care for but it seems to work just fine . It was easy and effortless to get it from Amazon.com .
 This is a very heave stapler , and seems to be really good , now light like the one I 've been using .
 I love this stapler . It feel solid an heavy , alomst like `` I got my moneys worth '' feel . Staples well . No problems yet . I use it home on my futuristic desk . Cool Terminator T-1 look ... haha .
 Without a doubt the best thing about this stapler is the weight . It is a solid heavy stapler . No plastic ! It is simple , good looking and tough . Easy to clean with few smudges or fingerprints . For non-heavy duty stapling it is excellent .
 I teach middle/high school and my staplers get used frequently . I loved getting this as a lightening deal ... great price . Some of my students have already said they love the chrome .
 I love the look of it . The rubber base could be a little better . It wants to come off . Stapler works very well even better than the other staplers i have at the office .
 Is it worth more to me than the price I paid
 It just looks great ! I do not mind the fingerprints ! I want every aspect of my home and office to be filled with things I love - this is just one more thing I adore !
 The actual stapler device is wonderful . It 's one of the best , most reliable staplers I 've used . Very easy to staple . You could put two pieces of paper together , wink at the stapler , and it 'd do the trick . It 's that effortless.It 's like petting a cloud every time I staple paper together.And it looks amazing . I have a really cool workstation but this stapler consistently gets the most comments . Everyone is very impressed with how shiny it is .
 I love silver and this made a great office gift . Plus the quality of the product stands on its own .
 Solid product . I have never had an issue with it . If you need a stapler , may as well spend few extra bucks for this .
 This stapler is totally distinctive ... no one swaps this one and claims it 's theirs ! I 'm the only one who has this one !!!
 This product is a beauty and the quality is excellent . It is worth the money I paid for it . It is definetely a statement piece for the office .
 This chrome Swingline stapler should be the industry standard . It 's heavy and will be the last stapler you will ever buy . Remember to purchase with staples . I bought this as a gift for a Bostich .
 As an undergraduate engineering student , I use staplers with great frequency . Just about every homework assignment I do , which are quite numerous , requires one or two staples to hold together its multiple pages . Consequently , a stapler that does n't jam , staple loosely , or snag paper is essential , especially during the typical last-minute rush.I had a decent , low-end Swingline stapler originally , but some fellow in my dorm decided to use it on heavy cardboard or plywood or some such , and it bent the guidance tab . Although I `` fixed '' the stapler to some extent , it was never the same . So , I decided to replace it with another cheap plastic stapler . This one was so bad that I actually threw it across the room at one point.Finally , I noticed the Swingline 747 in our engineering computer lab , and knew that I had to have one . Its solid metal frame allowed it to cleanly staple upwards of 20 sheets without a single flaw . When I saw this chrome model , I bought it immediately.I have not been disappointed . The stapler has a wonderful smooth , effortless action that allows you to affix large bundles of paper -LRB- think -- 20 pages or so -RRB- with ease and a pleasant click . There 's no need to put it on the desk and beat it with your fist , or do the double-handed death grip . Just put the papers in and push gently or clasp in your hand . The balanced device will do the work for you . And talk about styling ... the regular 747 is all business , sharp angles and factory black finish . But this chrome model is all about flair . Other students in my class often ask each other to borrow a stapler before turning in homework . Once I displayed this baby , no matter how bulky it is , I 'm always the one who gets asked now . My biggest problem is keeping it stocked up with staples!One note
 The thing is weighty and substantial feeling in the hand . I have no question as to its quality , durability or performance ; I am certain my expectations will be met or exceeded.And there is its aesthetic beauty - this stapler is practically a work of art on your desk with its smooth , rounded lines , retro design and highly polished chrome ... reminds me of a beautifully maintained classic car.But with that highly-polished , mirror-like chrome finish comes its only disadvantage and the reason for my four -LRB- as opposed to five -RRB- star rating , and something I should have anticipated . Any time you pick it up to use it , it will be left covered with VERY visible smudges and fingerprints . There is just no way around it . I find myself wiping it down with my shirt after every use , and then handling it by the edges when putting it back down . But , that is a minor gripe from an admitted perfectionist.Otherwise , great product !
 Staplers are an unglamorous tool that most of us take for granted . Aside from the Red Stapler of OFFICE SPACE fame , most people never think about their trusty work companions . Not so with this amazing polished chrome stapler from Swingline . Like the sleek 747 airplane from which it draws its name , this is n't just a tool . It 's a statement.If you want to attract attention and start conversations , get yourself one of these babies . You may be surprised at your new found popularity within the office . You can expect to get compliments , questions , and even a raise . After all , someone with a stapler this cool clearly is worth the money , right ?!? Just beware the jealous and appraising looks of coworkers and keep a close eye on this bad boy or it might just disappear from your desk ...
 Looking for a good way to add some bling to your office space , forget the red stapler ... go chrome baby ... its so shiny . oh and of course it works great , havent had a jam yet and i got it quite a while ago ... and i staple a lot of stuff in my job . I give it a 10 out of 5 ... yea its that sweet ... and shiny . Your co-workers will be so jealous . and its a great conversation piece ... Like WHOA you have a Chrome Stapler , its so shiny .
 Not much to add to the praise others have offered . I was surprised that there were no staples , even just a few , and I had a neighbor bring me some of the recommended staples that he purchased from ... . yes , you guessed it ... from STAPLES . It would be nice to know beforehand that one needs to buy staples ... and it might have been in the advertisement somewhere , but I sure missed it . Try to buy a box of staples from Amazon when you order the Stapler .
 Excellent Product . Of a quality and design not really seen over here in the UK . Bought as one of two to replace its red predecessor which had been in constant use in our busy pharmacy dispensary for well over four years doing thousands of items per month before it became a bit temperamental . Good value for money and received well within guideline delivery dates . It could do with being sold by Amazon UK !
 I 've had a pair of cheaper , but full-size , Stanley/Bostitch staplers on my desque for much of the last two decades . This one staples better than those did . It does n't jam , it 's easier to press , and it holds more staples . It 'll fasten 20 pages with one hand if you want it to.Why does it staple better than the cheap ones ? If you open it up and examine it , there 's a second and very tight metal spring below the rail where you load the staples . I do n't know what it does , but other manufacturers do n't use this . Swingline 's stapler engineers probably patented this part back in the 1950 's and no one else has yet copied it.I do n't really care that it was featured in Office Space ; I paid a few extra bucks to avoid the hipster red one . -LRB- Perhaps I 'm buying into Swingline 's big scheme here ? -RRB- But nevertheless
 The Swingline 747 Chrome stapler is a sleek and sophisticated looking stapler that you ca n't help but look at and talk about . It 's really amazing to see how people are just drawn to it . Best of all it 's a Swingline!Swingline staplers are simply fantastic . Between my home , office , and my home-office I own 5 different Swingline staplers including this one -LRB- 747 Polished Chrome -RRB- and notably the Collector 's Edition 747 Rio Red Business Stapler -LRB- S7074736E -RRB- . Just like my other Swinglines , the Chrome 747 is a durable manual grip stapler that effortlessly staples 20 + sheets at a time.I know this seems like a basic thing to talk about but I work in a document intense profession and dealing with a stapler that misfires , jams or simply does n't staple the # of pages it claims is irritating . Over time you 'll naturally gravitate to quality office products for their value and because they eliminate trivial headaches you 'd deal with when you use lesser products.Over 20 + years I 've owned a variety of other manual and electric staplers including Bostitch/Stanley , PaperPro , Novus , and an Office Depot brand . Over that time I 've replaced every one of those staplers with Swinglines . While part of my decision was driven personal preference , objectively Swingline provides a better product for the money in terms of ease of use , reduced effort -LRB- compared to brands I 've replaced -RRB- , durability , and reliable and jam free performance -LRB- again in comparison to the brands I 've used -RRB- . In addition to those qualities the 747 Chrome is an all-metal construction stapler which adds to its durability and stability.Aside from all those Swingline attributes , the 747 Chrome is a sleek , retro/modern , sophisticated and professional stapler that will look great on your desktop . Yes , fingerprints will show because it is , after all , chrome . :p Ok ... look I know it 's a stapler . But seriously this is one cool stapler !
 OMG ! A better stapler does not exist . I have fought with numerous staplers over the years so I did a search for `` best office stapler '' and this jewel came up . I 've been using it for about a month and have no complaints . I tested it by putting in a bunch of little scrap sections of staples to see what it would do and it did not jam even once . It even staples with the very last staple as if it were the first . I love my new stapler and I know you will too . : -RRB-
 I bought a chrome finish Swingline 747 stapler for light/medium duty use when I opened my firm four years ago . I still use it every day . It very seldom jams on me , or botches the stapling , and it maintains its attractive , modern appearance , with no corrosion or pitting . I do n't abuse it , though ; I use a heavy-duty stapler for thick documents -LRB- > 1/8 inch -RRB- . I spent the extra money on the 747 -LRB- about $ 18.00 in 2005 -RRB- because it looked nice , and since bought an additional -LRB- red `` Office Space '' - type -RRB- one for next to the fax machine , and light use . I have no problems with either one .
 I just received my new stapler . It works great and looks sharp . But just take into consideration that this stapler is an absolute magnet for fingerprints and it comes without any staples , so you will have to make sure you have some . I am happy with this product and actually all of Swingline 's products , this is my 3rd purchase from them and they are pretty consistent with providing great quality .
 After my last stapler ran away from home I came to Amazon searching for a replacement . I 've tried many different staplers over the years and have repeatedly come back to the Swingline 747 . It is just a well built piece of equipment . This collectors edition is very classy and sleek looking . Performs wonderfully and highly recommend it to the person looking for a consistently great working stapler .
 If you are a looking for a quality stapler , your search is over . I got tired of cheap staplers that you had to hit just right in order for the staples to not jam . This stapler works like a hot knife thru butter . Looks great too .
 Did not come with staples with was highly disappointing.It 's a nice stapler.That 's it . How much do I have to type so the button willShow ?
 These bags actually fit the shredder better than the ones that came with it . Ca n't imagine why , but they do . They are easy to empty and do n't allow spillage into the unit as the supplied ones did . This shredder has performed well , so I use it a lot and find the large roll of extra bags with easy pop-up access to be the ideal companion product .
 These bags are perfect for the job . They are quite solid enough go hold a basket-ful of shredded paper . I was hesitant at first to buy them , because a reviewer described them as flimsly . Not so . Of course , if you try to use them for carrying bowling balls or other really heavy objects , I doubt they 'd work . But for their job , they 're MORE THAN ADEQUTELY strong .
 I read some not so great reviews before I ordered but decided to order anyway . These are great bags . It ends up being about 27 cents a bag , shipping and all . They are sturdy and I think using a standard garbage bag would not be good for the sensors on the shredder . I am very pleased .
 Got these bags for a new shredder . The large count box wasa good buy .
 We use these with our Fellowes shredder . After filling , we close off the bag with a rubber band and put them in the trash .
 I bought these bags thinking our lazy recycle guy would take my shredded paper but they dont . So I use the same bag multiple times and dump the shredded paper in my garden and let it decompose.Good buy but not if your local recyler wo n't take it .
 The bags arrived as ordered and they sent along a nice free gift . What more could you ask for ?
 Great Seller !!! I Recommed It Highly !!! Good prices and fast delivery . What more can anyone ask for?Thanks !
 If you or someone you know loves their Harley this pen will make them smile . This is a quality made pen that they will be happy to have in their HD collection for years to come .
 Especially for the price , this was a relatively sturdy tube that held its size when carried in the expanded settings . I 'm very happy with the purchase and plan to use it for many a poster over the next several years .
 We use these at work to keep notes on projects and keep things organized . But it seems like you can never find them anywhere any more . Made it is just the location I am in , but I used to see these all over the place and now I ca n't . Fortunately I was able to find them here at Amazon and they carry the Oxford brand which has always meant a quality product to me . You get what you would expect , note cards on a spiral ring that you can tear off when you need to . These are well made and will hopefully serve us well in the future .
 Not too much to say . They 're note cards . Perhaps a bit overpriced . Note that the pages are striped on one side ; plain white on the other .
 Well designed and looks great . We have 2 of the Clori-Ducks . It allows for up to 4 tablets per duck and during the long hot Tucson , AZ summer , our pool uses eight tablets per week to control the algae .
 I had a sailboat chlorine dispenser that was a pain to put tablets in . Additionally , I had to open extra holes . I was concerned that this would have the same problem , but it does n't . The duck looks real -LRB- just ask my dog -RRB- and it 's very easy to fill . It floats very nicely and it has adjustable slats to control how much chlorine you want seeping out . I highly recommend it .
 Great fun in the pool , but the paint is already dull from the sun . We 've been using it for just a few months now .
 I 'm so happy with my duck , looks wonderful in my pool , I do n't have any problem with my purchase , thanks .
 Product as described , The paint did chip a little , but still a good product . I would buy another one if needed .
 it keep the chlorine out of the water keep it from turnning green . when that breaks or wear out i will buy a other .
 Great look ! chlorinates well and makes people think i have a pet duck!Have noticed a little bit of fading . And the way my pool is shaped it sometimes gets stuck in the corner of the stairs , rubbing against the wall ... so some paint has scratched off . But I love it ! Id definitely buy it again
 This chlorine float works great and it looks just like we have a live duck floating around in our pool . Everyone that sees it just loves it .
 We 're a retired couple with no children in the home . So , we really did n't prefer a cutsie duckie etc. type . We bought an earlier version , which is very close-looking to the this recent one . Our dog actually barked at the original one floating in the pool the first time she saw it . The cannister has holes to punch out depending on the size pool you have . Replacement cannisters are available , which is good , because we are still using the original one bought perhaps 8 years ago , and which though a bit faded still looks pretty good . They are a bit expensive , but considering their lasting quality and realistic look , I would recommend them .
 looks like real , or at least can compare to those hunting decoys . Can hold up to 3-4 chlorine tablets , I ordered two ducks , totally 6 tablets per use , good enough for a 25,000 gallons pool . The the chlorine can last for at least a week -LRB- usually the hottest days , in the cooler days it will be longer -RRB- . Very happy with it , since it has both aesthetic and practical usages . The only thing I can complain is that the duck bottom will be a little bit too light when the chlorine tablets inside getting smaller . but that 's minor , I bought some glass stones from Walmart and put into the dispenser , then it became very well balanced . Now my pool looks like not only a pool , but also a lovely pond with some pretty waterfowls !
 I am writing this review after my beloved duck chlorinator passed on to the duck chlorinator afterworld . I just bought my second one because I loved it so much . However , I have to say it lasted 3 years , which is far longer than any of the other chlorinators I ever purchased at any of the pool stores . This duck floated in the hot Florida sun for 3 years and weathered many tropical storms , so I feel like I got my money 's worth . It still actually works , but is cracked on the top -LRB- likely from the blazing sun -RRB- , so I know it is only a matter of time before it sinks to the bottom of the pool . Everyone who came to my house and saw it in the pool got a great laugh at it , as well . Does the job and looks good !
 Works great and is fully adjustable . If you live in an area with ducks do not buy . You will have flocks landing in your pool and defecating when they see this lifelike decoy dispenser . Fortunately , I have n't had this problem and I thought about it only after the purchase .
 We have a salt generator which shuts down during cold weather but this float always a small amount of chlorine to be released directly into the water for those warm days .
 He 's a little tippy without enough tablets in his guts to weigh him down , but he does what he 's supposed to , and looks mighty precious doing so . I do advise against shooting him with BBs . JUST SAYIN ' .
 Love these ducks ! They look so peaceful floating in my pool doing their job of dispensing chlorine . Easily holds 3 three inch tabs .
 I needed a way to distribute low doses of chlorine in a clear-water pond that does not contain fish . It 's been a few weeks and not only has this worked out perfectly , keeping my water clear , but the duck adds to the overall look by blending in with its surroundings .
 This item is well made , sturdy , looks fairly realistic -LRB- at least from a distance -RRB- and does what it 's supposed to do in holding multiple chlorine tablets to be dissolved in our pool . I highly recommend it .
 I needed to replace the clorine dispenser and decided to go with this duck for amuzement . It is good quality and looks really neat floating in the pool . The only complaint is I had to put a rock in with the chorine tabs to make it float upright . Without the extra weight , it kept falling over in the water .
 The 2 Mallard ducks that frequent my pool were not bothered by this decoy . Floats and does it 's job well .
 We had a hard time finding a good two-line phone , but this is it ! Easy to use , memory dialing , and call waiting caller ID . Everything we needed !
 I used this phone for about 18 months and it was great until the speakerphone got a bit erractic . It is sturdy and my speakerphone was loud and clear before the problem . I ordered the same phone again , because it worked well and had all the features I need .
 This phone is the second of two replacements for my last two duds , both of which lasted less than two years.The ring tone is very antiseptic , and ca n't be changed . The volume is too low , and the keypad buttons seem flimsy.But it 's practically impossible to find a decent desk speaker-phone , and several other brands have done very badly by me , so I 'm keeping this one for now.If as and when serious problems develop , I 'll update this review , but for now , the phone , though not perfect , will have to do .
 This is my second review for this phone . I bought this phone for my mother for Christmas and liked it so much I bought one for myself . The LCD is large and readable . Easy to setup , despite some of the earlier reviews , directions clear , precise and simple . The buttons are a good size . The handset is comfortable to use . It has volume controls for the ringer , handset , and speakerphone . The base is tilted to make it easy to read and use . There 's also a voicemail button that lights up when there 's a message waiting . Once the voicemail button is setup it 's a snap to retrieve a waiting message . I only have one line so I do n't know about the second line options . It has everything . Great phone , highly recommended .
 I was looking for a 2-line speakerphone with a good display in my home office . Looked at many , many phones online and in stores . Most were either extremely cheap when holding or way overpriced for my needs.I hesitantly ordered this RCA thinking it would likely not fit my needs . I was wrong.It works great and does not have a cheap feel to it . It 's not industrial strength but well worth the money . The speakerphone and other features are perfect . I intend to keep it a long time.The two very minor annoyances are just that - minor . First , the key press volume is too loud for my preference . I 'd prefer to turn it off completely or very low when dialing with the handset in the cradle . I use a headset 95 % of the time and the key press beep is annoying to all around me.The other nit picky detail is that when dialing a number before picking up a line -LRB- which is common when entering a number for a conference call -RRB- , the number does not stay on the display too long . So have that number ready to go and have no distractions . Use the 10 seconds wisely!Yes , these are petty issues . But enough to keep me from saying I love this 100 % . Would I buy another ? Yes . It beats everything else I have looked at and/or used for my needs .
 Ordered this phone to replace a 4 line phone in one our offices . All we need at this point is a two line . Was holding my breath whether it would work to standards , but the manager in that office is extremely happy with it . How it holds up under long term use is yet to be seen , but for the price , if it lasts at least 4 years , I am happy .
 I have purchased some of the most expensive multi line small business/office phones and have always been disappointed by lack of features or poor performance , until now.I have been using this phone for over 2 months now , and here are the features I need/want that this phone provides : BACKLIT LCD -LRB- LCD Lights up when any phone function is activated and remains on with plenty of time to see the data before automatically going off -RRB- Speakerphone with good sound quality -LRB- Crisp and clear , I use the speakerphone alot and people ca n't believe it when I tell them they are talking to me on my speakerphone -RRB- Speed Dial buttons -LRB- This phone has 16 `` memory buttons '' , plus 2 additional speed buttons for voice mail on each line -RRB- Headset jack with good amplification -LRB- Most of the 2 line phones I have used have such poor , low volume sound quality that I have had to add an external amplifier . No need for an amplifier with this phone headset jack , it is great ! -RRB- Easily dial numbers from Caller ID memory
 I am picky when it comes to office equipment and have been looking for full featured phone regardless of price . I could not find high end phone in any retail locations so I tried this one after returning the 2-line AT&T ; model -LRB- CID did not work with two lines plugged in -RRB- . I wanted the option of an easy return if I did not like it.I found everything to work well -LRB- not sure why the other bad review on this phone -RRB- . The speaker phone works almost too well as it is very sensitive even when speaking normal at a distance of 2.5 feet away.The instruction manual is not all that great but I worked through it . I really like the voicemail button . It lets me know when there is a voicemail waiting on my verizon VM service aallows me to access it with one press of a button.The volume is very loud and easily controllable . I am using an inexpensive Plantronics 2.5 mm headset and people tell me it sounds very good.It does not have all the cool features of the AT&T ; but at least it works as advertised.I have yet to find the ultimate home office phone . Let me know if you know of it .
 Strengths :1 . Dual-ports for additional seperate line connections2 . Volume control for speaker and handset3 . Mini-plug for standard headset4 . Operationally easy for Voice mail set-up and memory set-ups5 . Works well with VoIP featuresWeaknesses :1 . Caller ID screen has only moderate light level & not tilted quite enough for easy view2 . Annoying loud beep when pressing keys - ca n't adjust or turn off beep3 . Handset microphone does n't like direct breath -- creates an audible `` abrasion ''
 I too do n't understand why the poor reviews . I have been using this phone for two years now and it has great fidelity and convenient features . The reviewer who mentioned the drop outs on the speakerphone
 Product works fine . Easy to dial missed calls feature . Only problem is the angle of the screen increasing glare making viewing somewhat problematic . The backlight should be brighter .
 This telephone is excellent for a small business office . Excellent quality , plenty of features , great sound quality .
 File Folders Pendaflex Ready Tab -LRB- Legal Assorted -RRB- / B00016UVP2There 's five colors in this pack , with five of each color , for 25 total legal-size hanging file folders . The Ready Tabs are a bit unusual - each file has a fair number of tabs hanging down into the file folder , and you can insert the file tabs into the hanging tab of your choice , and then flip it up . It 's kind of a nifty feature in that you can move the tab insets around as needed , but it 's a little odd to just have the extra empty tab holders hanging down into the file all the time . ~ Ana Mardoll
 I have the AT&T base and 4 EP590 expansion handsets . I purchase via Amazon.com . I love them .
 Have had the att & t phone for over one year . Excellent all the way around . I bought when phone and two extensions ran about $ 220 . I built my son a new bedroom in our basement and he wanted his own extension . To my delight the price had dropped from $ 60.00 at Best Buy to $ 35.00 delivered on amazon after about one year on the market . Buy this phone and you wo n't be disappointed . Only negative I 've found is that you ca n't program phone #s to all extensions at once . Sometime that is nice because you do n't need all your children 's friend 's phone numbers on business extension . The option sure would be nice though . Plus I ca n't get the intercom to work on speakerphone , so you have to answer the phone instead of just starting to talk . Speaker intercom is nice for like , `` time for dinner , get your butts down here '' My last phone system had both features that I discussed above . If anyone knows the secret to my negatives , please post on amazon and I will have the perfect phone system . The price is now so good I bought myself one for the garage/grill area . I now have five extensions plus base . Wonderfull deal , grab it !!!
 This book is the culmination of roughly two years of research , travel , and interviews with top breeders , trainers , and rescue organizations devoted to the Rottweiler in both the United States and Germany . `` The Rottweiler Handbook '' contains chapters on
 If you want one book with all the info you need as a Rottweiler owner this is the one . I would reccomend getting this book BEFORE you make your final decision to bring home a Rott . It is a great , practicle guide to a wonderful breed .
 this item manual talks about using some screws that are not provided with the item , nor were they provided with the television ! Not sure how you are supposed to find them . I called Sony and tried to get them . They sent me what was supposed to be the two screws , but it is n't the right item . We just used it without these screws and it works fine . I just think it would be more secure and distribute the weight more evenly if we had them .
 I really liked how fast it shipped . I would def . buy from this user again .
 Arrived within a reasonable time and looks and feels awesome . I could n't be happier with this product . Great job guys !
 liked the fact that they had 3 hole punches and were glued on the top . also the glue was able to hold together all the pages even riding around in my backpack .
 Great Engineering paper just like 30 years ago in college . It is bound at the top into a pad . Green in color good weight .
 These rolls unfold to a much larger width and can be cut to any length . They are lightweight and easy to store in a small space . I use them for lining the floor underneath my cat litter boxes . The thin plastic keeps the floor completely dry and the edges stick to the wall behind the box to protect the area where the wall and floor meet . If it can protect the floor and walls against cat urine , it can protect against paint . An interior designer friend turned me on to this product and I have been using it now for years . No other plastic is as easy to use or to fit into a tight space and it comes in various widths and lengths . I 'm thrilled that Amazon carries it as it is hard to find in many places .
 Quick job of masking , easy to use even if you do n't want to purchase the Hand-Masker tool .
 I do a lot of painting and I appreciat being able to mask up a house really quick so I can get to painting before the weather decides to change . This product helps me a lot .
 I bought this mouse pad for a neighbor who took care of my kitty for me while I took a vacation . He has oriental rugs in his home and this was a great hit . I have had one myself for several years that I had purchased at Borders . This is a good quality product and will last forever . Can highly recommend !
 This mouse rug is a great gift for any computer owner . I already have one and bought this one for my son-in-law when he admired mine . It never looks dirty and the colors stay clear and bright .
 People at work love this mouse pad . Very original and eye catching . I have one at home and one at work .
 I am a big fan of antique rugs . I bought this reproduction of a beautiful old rug as a Christmas gift for a much-loved niece . -LRB- Hope she likes it , I think she will ! -RRB-
 This is a great product ! I have one that I have been using for about eight years , and it still looks new . They are just perfect for your mouse ! I also have a set of coasters which we use all the time and they just never wear out or even show wear . I have used them as gifts and my friends love them and comment on them even years later . I ordered the `` Tree of Life '' pattern this time and I love it ! I do n't think anyone would be disappointed with this product !!!
 I wanted a new mouse pad . Ran around to a few stores and could not find what I was looking for . Came on-line and found this one . It is cute and charming . I highly recommend .
 I 'm not into Persian rugs -LRB- or rather ca n't afford the real one 's -RRB- , but this was a gift for the brother in-law and he LOVED it . Definitely a must buy if you like this style .
 Really like the `` Mousepad Extraordinaire '' . My husband received one from a niece and he loved it ! Had to immediately order one for myself and one for my son in Afghanistan and his wife . They are colorful , and really protect the mouse ... and stay put .
 This is a beautiful mousepad . The colors are vibrant and the details are distinct . It looks very durable and I like that it 's washable . Definitely the nicest mousepad I 've ever owned .
 I enjoy these desk rugs , they dress up things a little bit . I wish they camein larger sizes because I 'd find more uses for them , like under my keyboardor even my laptop .
 I bought this mousepad for my desk at work and let me tell you ... it really ties the whole desk together . The colors are extremely vibrant and you might not notice from the photo but there are two little deer at the bottom . The only drawback is an overpowering plastic smell at first , but this dissipates after a while -LRB- or you just become accustomed to it -RRB- .
 I had been looking for a little mouse pad forever . I was at a recent appointment and I saw one of these mouse pads . Asking the ownerwhere she found this and she told me I could not help but wish to purchase one myself.It is my magic carpet mouse pad . If you like fun things then this is a big yes , why not : -RRB-
 If you are like me and stuck at work with an older mouse that still needs a mouse pad , try this . It 's cute and does n't show dirt or get nasty like the plastic ones do . Great idea actually . Nice job Lextra .
 It compliments my computer and it looks wonderful . I picked this item because it was different than the traditional mousepad .
 I have had these Mouserugs before and really like how the mouse slides across them . They look classy on any desk and only had to get rid of my last one after years of use and it started to get too soiled looking . It probably could have been hand washed but . . easier and more fun to get a new one .
 I saw this on a business trip in an older , British hotel and loved them and got one for Christmas and it is just too cute . Lots of compliments !
 Great quality , colors are very bright and print is perfectly clear.Extremely pleased with this mouserug pad , should have gotten it sooner.Again , as always thanks for the great products you sell .
 This one was an amazing gift for myself . I love this type of mousepad . I used to have another one , still do . but , use this one now
 My third grader does well with his times tables , but as any parent knows the goal is for times tables to be cemented in long term memeory . We have flash cards and even a rotating book , but he balked each time I brought them out . This calculator put the controls in his hands and he will voluntarly quiz himself each day . Fun and challenging and at his own pace , I am very happy with this product .
 These chairs are sturdy and well-built . They also stack very nicely - they fit together well and do n't take up much room when stacked . However they are n't very flexible or comfy . Okay to sit in for a short while but not for a long time . They size is good , they are not too small .
 I purchased this map rail not for maps but for my wife to use for her quilting material . It was perfect for that and I had to buy a second one because of all the different materials needed for this quilt . I 'm sure she will use them every time from now on
 Great Product . They were very inexpensive so I bought 3 pairs . My four year old is a lefty and had a hard time with right-handed scissors . These ones fit in his hand perfectly and he loves cutting paper !
 great little scissors for my left handed little girl . she is working on perfecting the motor skills use for cutting . and nothing is more frustrating than trying to work out a skill with kid scissors that do n't work . These work just perfect .
 Great lefty scissors ! My daughter cuts great with them ! Exactly what we needed , and a great price as well !
 Just an inexpensive pair of lefty scissors , safe for my four year old to use , but when the package arrived , the scissors had escaped their package , which had come apart during shipment . Not a big deal , since my four year old did n't care whether it was in the packaging or not , but worth mentioning .
 He loves to cut things out , he 's a lefty and needed proper tools . Everyone in the family will be happy now !
 This Product is well worth the price , and as it is thicker than store bought , -LRB- usually 3 mil . max . -RRB- , suits my needs for insulating my windows against drafts , sadly I only have single pane windows , and they do n't seal very well , so I use plastic for inside insulation , of windows ! However with product being clear , I am still able to open my blinds , and let in natural sunlight , which is a must , having , indoor plants !! Thank You , Again !!
 This is exactly what I wanted . Fast ship nothing lacking in anyway . Other reviews were spot on .
 before i got this mousepad , my mouse was a bit slow and jittery . now with this mousepad , it works fine . the major thing i like about this mousepad is that is is a flat surface . mousepads that are flimsy seem to make my laser mouse not work well . if you have the problem of a jittery mouse , i think this is the solution to your problem .
 I got this mousepad to use for my HTPC . Having a stiff mousepad allows you to use it in a lot of unusual situations , such as on a couch or on your lap.The surface is quite smooth ; in fact , if the mouse pad is not perfectly level , the mouse has the tendency to slide off of it . It is also large and shaped well enough that I do n't often find myself hitting the edge of the pad .
 I was not sure that I would like the shape of this mat , but now that I have it , I like it very much . The surface is perfect for my CM Storm mouse `` Sentinel Advance , '' and the two make a great combo . You do n't have to move the mouse very far at all on the mat to move the cursor from one side of my 24 '' monitor to the other , or turn 90 deg in TF2/L4D2 -LRB- due to the great mouse -RRB- , and this mat surface allows me to be very smooth and accurate in my in game play ; and also for everyday computing needs.I like to rest my wrist on the mat , so I have to play the mouse up a bit on it , but it works fine . Other times , I have to play fast and furious , and my wrist is up . This mat should work best for smooth , fast and accurate play with the wrist up . And , okay for lazy wristed game play.Have fun and good gaming!Whiplock
 I 've used various mouse pads before , but this one is by far the best . I has two sides , one supposedly `` slipperier '' than the other , but I do n't really notice much of a difference in terms of how my mouse moves around on them . I will say that it 's well designed and for me , well worth the price I paid for it . It stays in place on my desk , my mouse tracks around the pad very well , it does take up a little more room than a normal pad , but this is n't a problem for me . If you 're looking for a good pad , then skip the ones with the cute kittens on them and get a real pad .
 I was playing MAG with the PS3 fragnstein controller using a cheap mouse pad and it was ok . Now with this gaming pad in the sub zero surface i can see how excellent the fragnstein works . This is a must for gaming with a mouse , if one has a mediocre gaming pad the mouse accuracy can dropped dramatically .
 I have enjoyed this mouse pad it has ample space to cruise your mouse around on . . I would recommend it to anyone
 HandStands Zero Gaming Mouse Pad MatGood mouse pad . It 's hard so it can be used from the couch or bed and or on your lap . Mouse glides really nicely on it .
 Large ? Check ! Double-sided ? Check ! Great surface for optical and laser mice ? Check!I 've just used this mousepad for a little more than 4 hours , and I 'm already loving it . Mousing is more precise -LRB- I used to get some jitter when I tried to draw straight lines -RRB- and much more smooth . You get pretty much the same mousepad for a third -LRB- or even less -RRB- of the price of the other `` gamer '' mousepads . Why bother spending more?Let me back off a bit . I 've been using my mouse on my desk for a few years now , and as the laminate started rubbing off the desk , my mouse started to behave more erratically . I started looking at mousepads on Amazon , and the cheap ones could be had for a few dollars . I did n't want to spend a few dollars on a cheap mousepad , though , because these mousepads can be had for free at tech conventions . So , I gave up for a few months . When I came back to Amazon , I saw a mousepad that had not been advertised before - the Handstands Zero mousepad . It was only double the price of the cheap throwaway mousepads , so ... what the heck , might as well give it a shot ! I ordered it , received it , loved it.Okay , this mousepad is not perfect , but the flaws are too minor to take away any stars . First , I find the shape of the mousepad to be a bit strange , but this is no big deal . Second , although when I touch each side , I can see that the `` Sub Zero '' side is much smoother -LRB- the Sub Zero side is supposed to be the faster side . -RRB- However , my mouse actually seems to glide more effortlessly on the `` Zero '' side -LRB- this side is supposed to be the precision side . -RRB- In my case , the two sides are reversed -LRB- that is to say the Sub Zero side is the precision side and the Zero side is the speed side . -RRB- Overall , great mousepad , though if you prefer fabric/soft or semi-hard mousepads , the Handstands Zero might not be for you .
 This is a terrific mouse pad , it has an easy glide and good contact - Makes the computer much more enjoyable !
 Best mouse pad I ever had . I love the design and ca n't think of any other pad I 'd rather have ...
 Purchased this back in 2010 and it 's now mid 2012 , still going on strong . This mousepad is built like they used to build cars in the 50s , just meant to last . Scratches barely show on the surface , it is very easy to clean . I 've dropped it multiple times and it has never cracked or snapped . Both sides are top notch . The rubber parts that make it from slipping are still holding it in place like a champ . There is no substitution for this mousepad , this is the ultimate mousepad for any gamer .
 this game pad was worth it to me because before i was using my desk as a mouse pad . witch works for a little while but then my table got scratched up and my mouse started skipping around the screen , so i decided to invest in this . when i opened it i was quite disappointed because i expected a just a big mouse pad , but i payed 15 dollars for the thing so i decided i better use it . but once i got used to it i really like this game pad it feels like a really smooth hard surface that you do n't have to worry about scratching . but i would n't recommend it to just anybody , i would recommend it to any gamer who already just uses the desk or table because it is a hard surface , and its got enough area to where you will be comfortable with it after using it for a while . but i would n't recommend this to people who who like regular mouse pads . my only real complaint is that the zero side -LRB- witch is the rougher side -RRB- had tape bubbles in it , witch if this happens to you i would recommend sending it back right away . but i got used to the smooth sub zero side and just turned down the sensitivity of my mouse , and now i love the thing . so i will conclude this review with you should buy this if you use your table or desk instead of a mouse pad but if you like mouse pads and just need a bigger one for gaming go with something else .
 Awsome Mouse pad , it hard not soft . Two side of this , works great . The best nice design and the best .
 This is a very nice mouse mat , Has two sides . I think it will last a long time . One Side a little Slick , The Other real Slick . I prefer the Gray Side .
 I bought this half a year ago . And I really like it . I like the fact that it has 2 different sides . I like the way it is shaped . And I got ta mention it is really BIG ! I do n't think you could find another mousepad like this , for this price . At least not one that has 2 sides and is as big as this one . This is a really great mousepad for only $ 20 . Really affordable . I give it a 5 out of 5 stars rating .
 Works great , I am a FPS Gamer , never slides , tons of room , less having to pick mouse up to get back in middle of mouse pad.Make sure you have enough room on your desk , this is a large mouse padConsidering buying another one for my iMac , just because it does n't slide around at all ...
 Not so good as my razer eXactMat but good enougth to play games decently -LRB- COD , CS , WoW -RRB- i would give 5 stars but tend to get dirty and sticky very fast , so requiere constant cleaning -LRB- on dustly enviroment -RRB-
 Length :
 I paid $ 20 for this in a store as it was larger and I found I was always running to the edge of a conventional mousepad and picking up the mouse to recenter it . Size-wise , it does the trick . It is about twice the size of a conventional mousepad so make sure you have room on your desk.I had no idea what a difference a good surface could make . I have about a dozen mousepads around the house ranging in quality from excellent to below-average . Well , I thought they were excellent . They do n't compare to this one . I do n't think I could ever go back.Mouse movements are quick and easy and exact . I can move the cursor like never before . Regular mouse pads , and even my desk without a pad seem hopelessly sluggish now . I am actually here to purchase several now . One for my other home desk , another for my work computer and at least one extra to give away to someone at the office .
 You would n't think that buying something as simple as a mouse pad could be problematical but it is . At home I use a traditional foam pad that has a slick plastic surface , a Mouse Mat II , thats has become rather dog eared and while I 'd to like to replace with it with something similar , I have n't been able to find anything comparable.I wound up buying the Handstands Zero Gamers Mat to replace but it did n't fit comfortably on the tiny student desk I use at home so I brought it to work where I do computer graphics at a much larger workstation . At first I preferred the accurate side and found the fast side to be too slippery . After a few weeks I began to prefer to use the fast side and now find the accurate side to be kind of slow and sticky and only occasionally helpful.The mat is fairly big and odd shaped but will conveniently straddle a seam between two pieces of a cubicle desktop . Some other types of mats may stay put better than this one but I do n't know of any that have a less resistive surface than the teflon-like fast side so I give it slighly hesitant thumbs up and believe that if you get one it you 'll enjoy using it.Didn ' t try enough gaming to make a judgment so I ca n't vouch for it as a Gamer 's mat but it 's quite good for engineering graphics .
 I use a Aimon PS Elite with my PS3 for FPS gaming . I needed a mat that would allow the mouse to glide well and that would work with the Elite . The grey `` sub-zero '' side is excellent on both accounts . It scores between 60 and 70 on the config utility which is very good .
 For the longest time I used my hard oak table as a mouse pad , it seemed to work `` O.K. '' until I got this higher DPI gaming mouse . At that point , the mouse was skipping and was not as responsive , so I invested in this little beauty.First off , if your a gamer , this is a must , its a pretty large mouse pad and shaped in a perfect crescent so that you can swing your wrists left and right quickly for the quick head shots . Also , it has 2 sides , one for office , and one for gaming . The black side is the gaming side , you will really notice how smooth it is on the surface , it works like a charm.If your into FPS gaming , this is a MUST.It also has these little rubber grips on the side which allow for stability so the mouse pad does n't slide all over the place .
 I often use my laptop on the couch or other places that do n't always lend to a nice mousing surface . This is great in that it is made of acrylic and so even on uneven surfaces it provides a stable place for the mouse . It is also a large surface so that I seldom need to lift and reposition my mouse .
 This pad is sweet I 'm in Iraq and am usually not at a desk , this gave me a good surface to use my mouse . Does exactly what the product is supossed to I would recomend it to anyone .
 If your looking for a good sized mouse pad with an option of of slick and regular then this is it . I prefer regular for gaming and whatnot . Would recommend .
 It is a great product if your running Win2000 or XP SP2 or less ... wasted HOURS of my time before calling Tech Support to find this out !
 Merry Christmas Everyone ... Here are the Fixes to get your Kensington VO300 USB Internet speaker phone working with Vista and Windows 7 . -LRB- XP SP3 sorry you are out of luck , it works only with xp SP1 and SP2 , and with some tweaking ... vista and win 7 -RRB- Step 1 . If you already have older software installed you have to remove that first before installing version 1.1.8 . Disconnect Device as well.Step 1a . You can download and install -LRB- read this entire procedure first ! -RRB- the most current version of software and drivers for the VO300.Skip to the following section `` Kensington Vo300 USB Internet Speaker phone -LRB- v. 1.1.8 -RRB- '' for installation instructions . Proceed if you have xp SP1 or 2 . If you have Vista or Win 7 continue ... You will need to run the install program as an ADMINISTRATOR as well as in COMPATIBILITY MODE.Step 2 . Browse to the folder where the Kensington most current version of the software you downloaded as a zip file is located.Step 3 . Move zip file to a directory of your choice or to a new directory you create . I recommend making a new folder under whatever directory you have for your downloaded programs.Step 4 . Once there , extract zip file contents to that same directory , but do not yet run the install executable.Step 5 . Once there can you find the . exe file for the Kensington software that launches the INSTALL program and Right Click it . A menu will pop up and then select `` Properties '' . In properties click on the `` Compatibility '' tab . In that tab under `` Compatibility mode '' select one of the `` Windows XP '' options from the drop down list . Also , check the box `` Run this program as an administrator '' under `` Privilege Level '' then click `` OK '' . Step 6 . Once installed , reboot computer . Once the operating system is up and running , go to the `` Start '' `` Programs '' location for Kensington device or return to the folder in which the actual program executable . exe file for launching the program is and perform the same properties settings as before and save.Step 7 . Run Program , it should operate with no issues now . Found this to work on Vista and Win 7 . If it does n't , Uninstall and repeat procedure to make sure a mistake was n't made . If problems persist , you may have other issues , I 'd take a look at the device manager and then call Kensington support , but dat 's me.Sincerely , Magusrex .
 I have been generally satisified with this product . Problems which did crop up ususally originated with the other party . The last time I checked with the manufacturer , the product was not compatible with Windows Vista .
 Not being a very techy person I was nervous about getting an item like this . This has not only made my work life so much easier but I have used it at home on certain occasions . It 's so simple to follow the directions and setup . It really just becomes second nature to use . I LOVE that it keeps contacts and history . The volume could be a little louder but I would trade that for echo free any day . I felt very comfortable purchasing this device . I have had great luck with Kensington mice and notebook locks in the past . I would highly recommend this item .
 I bought this speakerphone so the whole family could talk to my son overseas without headphones . Everyone in the room could listen and talk . It has worked great . No problems on either end of the conversation . Does just what I bought it for .
 Just make sure you open the box correctly so it dispenses properly . Good stuff , great price . Strong and reliable ... Planning to buy this again when mine runs out ...
 Well after doing some research on shredders this so far is a very nice shredder for the money ... I had a good pile to shred and it went through it all pretty easy in a fast time ... my xerox shredder went up over the weekend which was a good shredder also , but this Fellowes ps60 is better , its bigger , it handles more and it makes less noise ... the strips it cuts are small enough for idenity theft protection and its power of med to heavy duty is enough to handle most jobs ... Bottom line its a nice shredder for the money ...
 This shredder works great and it is much quicker and quieter than my previous shredder , and has no problem with what I have fed it so far . I have n't taxed it too much , and it can handle 5 sheets like it was 1 . I have so far shredded one credit card and that was fine.Like all shredders , it is best to keep the bin clean or compacted once it gets near the top.No complaints -LRB- so far -- owned it since Feb 06 -RRB-
 I 've had this shredder about a month and have used it quite a bit shredding old documents -LRB- I 've emptied the basket about a dozen times -RRB- . The shredder appears to be pretty much everything that I thought it would be compared to the cheap shredders I 've had in the past . It 's certainly more substantial and quieter . My only regret is that I did n't spend a extra $ 20 for the similar Fellowes model that confetti cuts instead of the strip cut on this model . The basket fills up very fast with the large strip cuts made by this machine and I believe that a confetti cut machine would allow more paper to be shredded before the basket needs to be emptied . The trade off between the strip cut and confetti cut machines , as I understand , is that the confetti machines require a shredding oil to be used occasionally and the strip cut machines do n't .
 Fellowes Powershred PS-60 Shredder -LRB- 3860102 -RRB- was an excellent buy for an excellent product . VERY quiet and shredder motor seems quite powerful and capable . Very happy with price and quality .
 I come from a big company environment where we had big shredders and people to do the shredding . After retirement , I bought two different `` big box '' office supply branded shredders . They were always jammed . In frustration , while trying to clean out years of personal information , I carried them to the garbage swearing and vowing never to buy cheap equipment again . -LRB- Actually they were n't inexpensive , just cheaply built . -RRB- The next day I read reviews shopped around and bought the PS-60 . It is a monster ! I thought it performed as well as my old office shredders , it hardly choked . I did jam it with 14 sheets of heavy paper , but I can feed 10 sheets at a time until the bin is full and never jam it . Highly recommend .
 This unit is great for a home office . It 's more quiet than my last one and shreds stapled documents with ease . The handle at the top makes it easy to empty the waste basket below .
 This shredder runs so smoothly & is so much QUIETER than any other one I 've experienced . GREAT delivery time from seller & I am very satisfied !
 This is a most wonderful product . We brought two shredders previously and stopped working for being use a few times . This shredder worth to pay a little more and knowing is dependable . We had shredded more than 20 years paperwork due to down sizing . I am sure this one will help us to go for many miles longer . Highly , highly recommanded . A very very happy owner of this product .
 Excellent shredder for home use . It does , in fact , shred 8 papers at one time .
 Very pleased with the way it shreds paper . Would recommend the product for home use .
 Works well and has a large capacity trash can . Seems powerful , does n't bog down when shredding many sheets at once . The strips are kind of thick in my opinion , but should be plenty secure for home use .
 Do not waist your money on the smaller models as they die a quick death . After years of just replacing the cheep ones over and over I got this one . This BAD BOY makes the others look like cheep toys . Bigger , Stronger , and sounds like it too . Spend a little extra money and get this one you will not be sorry !
 This shredder does not jam and shreds many pages without any problems . It is a good product . I am very satisfied with my purchase . Thank you .
 Researched the ratings on shredders.We love this shredder and will buying another one , for our winter home , in Florida .
 After a month of use , I have had no problem with this shredder . I especially like the handle on top which makes it easy to empty and the power level . I only wish its output was cross-cut instead of the long strips .
 I purchased this shredder to replace one that did not hold up for the job required . I have used several shredders that cost 1/2 of this price , but they could not shredd more that 4 pieces of paper and never lasted any length of time . The PS-60 has worked great . It great for a home office environment and has handled every job so far . Its worth spending the extra money , than constantly replacing the less expensive models .
 Very reliable , minimal jamming , good use of indicator lights , bought another for one of my sons .
 It 's my first shredder and I purchased on the basis of customer reviews , price and discount . Good choice on all counts . My shredding is modest home office stuff ... bills and culled files mostly . It works fine . Yes , it jams if it is fed more than a dozen or so pages at a time , but the reverse toggle works well and I have not had to pull or tug anything out . It also jams a bit when the bin gets too full but all that was expected and is understandable . Finally , for the negative comments , it is a bit messy to dump out . Fine dust and random shreds end up on the floor next to the waste basket I use to haul the deadshreds out of the office and up to the trash . That , too , is expected . So far it works fine and I am very happy with it . One major recommendation though ... the instruction manual should warn not to use the Fellows shredder for making linguini . It 's very hard to feed the dough through the little slot . What a mess , and very hard to clean .
 I had bags and bags of things to shred but was waiting to invest in a good shredder . I finally decided to purchase one and I love it . I was shredding all day on Saturday and now I 'm happy to say I have no more bags . The shredder work very well and I have no complaints . I would highly recommend you purchase it . Unless your looking for a confetti type of shredder but that was too complicated for me .
 Yes it does n't cross cut , but that is why this one will last forever . One of the best and strongest paper shreaders you can buy for home use .
 I have a simular Fellowes ... there are several drawbacks ... One is the top has to be removed to empty the basket ... the top is very heavy so watch your back ... also be prepared to clean up some residue from the motor assembly cutting gears when the top is removed ... I usually put some newspaper down & lay the top motor asm on that ... the cutting gears on this machine need to be cleaned often especially the corners where the paper seems to bunch up more readily ... the basket fills up quite quickly so if you are shredding a lot of paper be prepared to remove the top often ... The window really does not help much in judging capacity ... Most likely a model that has a removable bin or basket would have been better ... Also I found that although many of these machines are advertized to shred ... say example ... 12 sheets ... if you use this many you will most likely find they go halfway & stop ... need to reverse and then feed again . If that does not work then removal of the top is required and get out those needle nose pliers . . which work wonders by the way in removing those paper jams between the gears ... just make sure you disconnect the AC Power plug first . Last but not least is the fact that paper comes in differenct weights ... so consider that fact when using this machine as it may not take the amount of sheets it is designed for if using heavier weight paper .
 This unit is built like a tank . I 've read others say it can jam . I 've not had any problems with jams and I 've feed it a lot of paper so far . Very nice medium size shredder .
 First of all , it was to be shipped with free super saver shipping which was supposed to take several days . I received it in 3 business days . You go ! Amazon!I 've owned this for a couple months now . I have yet to experience any issues with this shredder . It is remarkably quiet for being a shredder . It boasts a 12 sheet at one time feeding capacity but I intentionally fed 14 or 15 sheets -LRB- with staples -RRB- a couple times just to experiment . I can tell you that not only did it shred the extra sheets , but they fed through as if there were only a few . Now that my main shredding project is complete , this thing will only see a few sheets at a time . I would expect that this thing lasts me forever since it will rarely be pushed hard at this point . I am thoroughly satisfied with this product . Its a nice compromise between a budget 5 sheet shredder and some power house industrial duty shredder . And think about this
 Finally a quiet shredder ! It shreds well and has a pretty large capacity . Some trouble with performance if the bin is heading towards being full . I was a little bummed that what looks like a pass thru to the trash can in the photo is actually just a small compartment to hold things before you shred them .
 I 've had this shreader for a year and have only positive things to say about it .
 I have gotten quite a few compliments on my unusual mouse rug . It is looks very nice , the picture does not do it justice .
 I dislike most mouse pads , and had wanted something nicer when I decided to find a mouse rug like my father 's . This is not only what I wanted , it has a better pattern than my father 's . My mouse moves smoothly over this , it 's the right size , and it 's easier to reposition than the mouse pad . When this rug gives out -LRB- it shows no signs of doing so yet -RRB- I fully intend to purchase another .
 This is a great shredder if you want to destroy CDs , DVDs , and credit cards , but I 'd pass if you are looking for a personal shredder to effectively destroy paper.The shredder appears to almost completely destroy CD 's , leaving very , very small pieces in the catch basin.The paper shredding functionality is not nearly as good as cross-cut shredder , leaving pieces that could easily be reassembled by somebody who enjoys puzzles . In order to shred a standard piece of paper , you must fold the pages in half , and you can only shred seven pages at a time.The credit card shredding is about the same as paper , but since cutting credit cards up with scissors is even less effective , this is a good choice for that purpose .
 Literally destroys cds , dvds and floppy disks . I was surprised when it chomped its way through the floppies , metal and all and left nothing but little pieces . As far as paper is concerned , I would use an other kind of shredder such as a confetti type as this one you have to fold the paper so it does n't always shred in small enough pieces . If you have media to get rid of , there is no better little shredder than this . I keep it next to my computer and it does n't take up much room so it is very handy to use .
 This is perfect for the desktop . It excels at destroying credit cards , DVDs , CDs and Floppy Disc . In an emergency you can use it to shred paper , including staples.Because DVDs , CDs and Floppy Disc are dense , they lay flat , and take up very little room in the debris basket . Since paper is light , it will bunch up , filling the debris basket fast . If you do a lot of paper , you want to consider a paper shredder with a larger basket.Because it is shredding polycarbonate and metal , the feeder slot snuggly fits DVDs , CDs , and Floppy Discs . This reduces the chance of high energy debris . Do Not look into the slot while shredding . Because of the snug slot , feeding paper into the MD100 is not quick . If you want to shred less than 8 pages , but can not leave your desk , you can use the MD100 . If you want to shred more than 8 pages , or can leave you desk , it is better to use a paper shredder with a larger feed slot and a larger basket.This is also a personal shredder , if you need to shred from more than two minutes at a time -LRB- approximately 24 DVDs or CDs or Floppy Discs -RRB- , you should get a commercial grade machine .
 Just found this same product on the CostCo website for $ 67.99 + Shpg !!! Save yourself the $ 30 +
 I have a number of shredders and bought this one mainly for it 's capacity to destroy CDs and DVDs . It does an excellent job of that . It literally destroys them and they 're totally useless and forever lost . The same for credit cards and small amounts of paper -- although I would n't buy it for paper as there are other machines far superior for that.I did , however , have a disappointment with the unit . It simply balked at taking a diskette . It 's advertised that it destroys these . And it does if you can get it through the throat.Fortunately not many people use these anymore but I have some old ones I wanted to get rid of and was not happy with the results I got from this unit in my one attempt to get a floppy through . I plan to call tech support and see if I had misunderstood something or done something wrong.The floppy finally did get through but only after jamming and balking . Once through , it was destroyed totally.For CDs and DVDs , I highly recommend this little unit . It 's very powerful and Royal has good and fast tech support . I own another of their small shredders and found that to be so . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Like everyone else , I was looking for a way to destroy CD 's / DVD 's , primarily those used as backups . Now that it 's possible to back-up almost an entire hard drive to a very few CD-sized media , it 's important to maintain possession and version control . The possession is obvious
 I bought this shredder three years ago and it 's still going strong ! Over the three years I must 've shredded around 1,000 discs , and about a ream of paper . I would 've given this review five stars if it was n't for a few drawbacks . The first is that it takes a while to shred a disc or a piece of paper . If you got a one or two disc job then it 's A OK , but like me sometimes I do about 50 discs at a time . So it does get time consuming . It 's also very loud . It does n't matter if your shredding paper or plastic , it makes the same noise , so you ca n't really be watching TV and shredding to help pass the time . I primarily use this to shred CDs and DVDs , but I do use it to shred my junk mail and personal records when I 'm too lazy to walk over to the other room to use the full-sized paper shredder . That 's why I ca n't really complain that if you do shred paper you have to either rip it in half , or fold it in order to fit in the CD sized slot . The biggest problem I have with this shredder is the mess it leaves when you have to empty the bin out . Those tiny bits of CD foil flies everywhere . I hope it 's not hazardous to my health because I might have accidentally inhaled some of it when dumping the shreds into my waste basket . It would 've been great if it was designed to accommodate for a bag , so all you do is tie it up when the bin gets full , or have it be able to hang over a regular trash can.I know it seems like there are more problems than its worth , but this is probably one of the things I 've used the most in my room . It 's small and compact , and feels very well made for the price , unlike some of the more expensive full-sized multi-purpose shredders that feels of cheap flimsy plastic . Even after all this time I have n't gotten it jammed like how most shredders I 've used get jammed so frequently , and they only shred paper.The only thing I do to maintain it is to oil it whenever I hear the blades starting to squeak . I just squirt some Office Depot brand shredder oil on both sides of a CD I 'm going to shred and send it through . I do n't know how long shredders last , but I 'm satisfied with what I got out of this one , and I hope I still have a long ways more to go . It 's just too bad they do n't sell it on Amazon anymore in case I need a replacement .
 I bought this handy little shelf to raise up the height of the reading lamp I have on my nightstand and add a little bit of space . It was easy to assemble and looks really nice . I 've had it for a few months now and it has proven sturdy and reliable .
 This Mouserug made a great gift for a young lady that just got her first laptop . It 's the 5th mouserug I 've bought and the only kind I use .
 The retail stores will not sell this to customers - more foolish , they . I 'm glad to have found this vendor and am able to get this super twine for my crochet projects . It 's strong and flexiable . Pure white and the pull skein box is great . I highly recommend this product for any twine need you might have .
 Excellent little black books . Fits comfortably in your shirt pocket . Price is excellent . Tough hard back binding . Line size is good for abbreviated notes ; 1/4 '' line spacing ; 5 `` x2 3/4 '' room on writing sheets . Delivery was about 4-5 days . Definitely my source for resupply . Bought four .
 I am hemipelegic -LRB- my right side is paralyzed -RRB- , so dycem and velcro are my two best friends !!!!!!!!!! Ask a handicapped person !
 This product is a great no slip surface when dry . Perfect for keeping things in place and not sliding around . Great for individuals with limited or no use of a hand .
 This non-slip pad works wonderfully . It comes in different sizes , I purchased the medium size and it is a great help in the kitchen .
 I know a few Physical Therapists so I have some experience with dycem . I bought this mat because my work laptop 's `` feet '' fell off , and when I am at home the laptop slid around the desk like a hockey puck . Even though this is to keep dishes in place at a table , this keeps my laptop firmly in place on my slick desk . By guessing , I would have to say I have to apply 3 or so pounds of force before the laptop moves .
 This works perfectly for my intended purpose-to hold the foot pedal of my sewing machine in place . However what I was charged to send a tiny piece of rubber was ridiculous-more than the product - and not related to size or weight .
 I first came across Dysem in my occupational therapy . I have a disability which leaves me one handed . Placing Dycem on the table beneath a plate or bowl is a tremendous help elevating many frustrations . With Dycem I 'm able to eat the last bite of my food which is hard do one handed . -LRB- The plate spins without it . -RRB- I use it on the back of clip broads for writing , and to open water plastic bottles . When dust and crumbs get on it it 's easy to wash . It stays with the right stiction even after washing many times . I ca n't say enough about Dycem . I 'm so thankful for this product !
 Very handy item that we use on his wheelchair tray . Since he loves to tilt the chair back , it 's great to have a mat that holds his plate an/or cup in place . If I had thought it over I might have bought a larger size rectangular and cut it to make two mats , but the round looks so nice ! The cost for shipping and handling seemed unecessarily high to me .
 I am hemipelegic -LRB- my right side is paralyzed -RRB- , so dycem and velcro are my two best friends !!!!!!!!!! Ask a handicapped person !
 This product is a great no slip surface when dry . Perfect for keeping things in place and not sliding around . Great for individuals with limited or no use of a hand .
 This non-slip pad works wonderfully . It comes in different sizes , I purchased the medium size and it is a great help in the kitchen .
 I know a few Physical Therapists so I have some experience with dycem . I bought this mat because my work laptop 's `` feet '' fell off , and when I am at home the laptop slid around the desk like a hockey puck . Even though this is to keep dishes in place at a table , this keeps my laptop firmly in place on my slick desk . By guessing , I would have to say I have to apply 3 or so pounds of force before the laptop moves .
 This works perfectly for my intended purpose-to hold the foot pedal of my sewing machine in place . However what I was charged to send a tiny piece of rubber was ridiculous-more than the product - and not related to size or weight .
 I first came across Dysem in my occupational therapy . I have a disability which leaves me one handed . Placing Dycem on the table beneath a plate or bowl is a tremendous help elevating many frustrations . With Dycem I 'm able to eat the last bite of my food which is hard do one handed . -LRB- The plate spins without it . -RRB- I use it on the back of clip broads for writing , and to open water plastic bottles . When dust and crumbs get on it it 's easy to wash . It stays with the right stiction even after washing many times . I ca n't say enough about Dycem . I 'm so thankful for this product !
 Very handy item that we use on his wheelchair tray . Since he loves to tilt the chair back , it 's great to have a mat that holds his plate an/or cup in place . If I had thought it over I might have bought a larger size rectangular and cut it to make two mats , but the round looks so nice ! The cost for shipping and handling seemed unecessarily high to me .
 I am hemipelegic -LRB- my right side is paralyzed -RRB- , so dycem and velcro are my two best friends !!!!!!!!!! Ask a handicapped person !
 This product is a great no slip surface when dry . Perfect for keeping things in place and not sliding around . Great for individuals with limited or no use of a hand .
 This non-slip pad works wonderfully . It comes in different sizes , I purchased the medium size and it is a great help in the kitchen .
 I know a few Physical Therapists so I have some experience with dycem . I bought this mat because my work laptop 's `` feet '' fell off , and when I am at home the laptop slid around the desk like a hockey puck . Even though this is to keep dishes in place at a table , this keeps my laptop firmly in place on my slick desk . By guessing , I would have to say I have to apply 3 or so pounds of force before the laptop moves .
 This works perfectly for my intended purpose-to hold the foot pedal of my sewing machine in place . However what I was charged to send a tiny piece of rubber was ridiculous-more than the product - and not related to size or weight .
 I first came across Dysem in my occupational therapy . I have a disability which leaves me one handed . Placing Dycem on the table beneath a plate or bowl is a tremendous help elevating many frustrations . With Dycem I 'm able to eat the last bite of my food which is hard do one handed . -LRB- The plate spins without it . -RRB- I use it on the back of clip broads for writing , and to open water plastic bottles . When dust and crumbs get on it it 's easy to wash . It stays with the right stiction even after washing many times . I ca n't say enough about Dycem . I 'm so thankful for this product !
 Very handy item that we use on his wheelchair tray . Since he loves to tilt the chair back , it 's great to have a mat that holds his plate an/or cup in place . If I had thought it over I might have bought a larger size rectangular and cut it to make two mats , but the round looks so nice ! The cost for shipping and handling seemed unecessarily high to me .
 It is good product and I would buy more but they are really expensiveSo I will buy them one at a time
 I 'm taking a study course and needed something to hold all my notecards . Works perfect for my 4x6 's and 3x5 's .
 This product is something that we purchase every year . It is sturdy and convenient . The size is small enough to fit on a shelf and large enough to hold the documents we need .
 One of the best cordless phones I have ever purchased . I have had many cordless phones over the last 20 years and this one is the best . I particularily like the phone book feature which is accessible from any of the four cordless phone I have . Clarity of phone is the best . Great value .
 I bought the Motorola E51 Series Digital Cordless phone set six years ago . It has worked great , for the most part , for all this time , only needing to have a battery changed . I have been very happy with this product . Unfortunately , six months ago some of the buttons started becoming spongy and voices started to sound buzzy on the main handset , so I had to throw that phone away . Now I am down to one handset using the secondary handset as the main phone . That phone and the digital voice recorder are still working great though . In fact , I want to keep this phone longer , but I want to expand it again to a two phone set , but may not be able to . I 've looked online for a second handset , but have n't found one yet for a decent price . It looks like buying a new phone set will be the cheaper option . But if I do buy a new phone set , it certainly wo n't be because I 've been unhappy with this make or model .
 It is a good system and easy to set up and use . the only negatives are that you can only have 4 phones , and the message indicator to tell if you have voicemail does not always work properly .
 I bought this wallet chain in an attempt to recapture my youth -LRB- goth/punk/hot topic style where my pants could house a family of four and the sheer number of zippers and chains they contained posed a legitimate safety hazard -RRB- and also because my fat butt kept pushing my wallet out of my back pocket and I was afraid I 'd lose it . And also for style.Anyway , I give it 4 stars because it is definitely a wallet chain , it hooks to your belt loop , and it is exactly as advertised . That being said , the chain is kind of thin and the hook is kind of small . It does n't hook properly onto some of my bigger belt loops , but more importantly , I feel like a pansy . I 'm pretty sure no biker gang would take me seriously with this thing . : -LRB-
 This chain was just as it was said to be and looked like in the picture . It arrived on time and we were quite satisfied with it .
 If i did n't had this thing I would 've lost my keys a loooong time ago ... fast shipping , no problems ... i 've had it for a while and it has n't gone black or anything , looks the same as in the first day ...
 Bought this for boyfriend who was afraid he would lose his wallet when we rode the Harley . He loves it . It 's the perfect size and it 's very usable , not like a lot of the `` log chain '' looks out there . Product is well worth the money .
 This chain came in the mail really quick , which was great . However , it was much shorter than I thought , and the chain looks good but also looks weak , like it will break if it gets caught on something .
 Not much to be said here . I purchased this to keep my keys from getting away from me and it has n't failed me yet . It 's a solid chain with a reliable clasp . The price was good and the delivery was exceptionally fast .
 I ordered 2 pocket chains because I thought the price is awesome.couldn ' t find any at this price at the local stores.it came on time and I am very happy with my order.its not too long and too heavy , just right . Got them for my girlfriend who always loses her keys !
 exactly what i was looking for . a shiny and thinner style chain . chain is long too at 18 &#34; . and the price is amazing .
 This is exactly what I needed
 It is exactly what I need , to keep my keys always in my bag , and not to forget then outside of the door for whole night ... Quality looks good , long enough , I do n't know what else you need :-RRB- Highly recommended if you want keep your keys safe .
 I have always used retractable key chains but got tired of patching them up all the time . They kept breaking and trying my patience . This chain is heavy duty and will not break by the weight of my keys . Sure , it does not retract but I do n't have to worry about loosing my keys . Suits me fine .
 This can does what it should for a good price . I am using it to prepare water for Aquariums . It holds 30 gallons of water with no problems .
 Lighter weight than the metal . Will never rust . Easier for the servicemen to empty . They are neater to use and transport to service areas . Four uses per month and greatly appreciated by all .
 I always bought these through an office supply co. . The price on Amazon was about half . A great product for a great price .
 My life before Advil was rough . I was in the medical field , driving each day , working a different shift -LRB- s -RRB- each day , and on some days working 16-18 hours on little sleep . Headaches plagued me , along with sore muscles and a sore neck from having a hand always on the steering wheel.Advil saved my life . There is no other pain reliever that cures my headaches within 30 minutes like Advil does . When I pop 2 Advils , I know with confidence that my headache will be gone in 20-30 minutes . And it works 99.9 % of the time.Advil cures stress headaches , sinus headaches , caffeine headaches , headaches from little sleep , and headaches from too much intense work . The only thin Advil does n't handle as well as I 'd like is muscle aches . Despite this drawback , Advil is the best in my book . I always keep a bottle with me in my car , at work , and where ever I go.If you have n't tried Advil , you need to .
 I bought the SD7500 phone system so I could use this camera to monitor our baby and add the bluetooth dock to use for my cell phone calls when at home . For those two conveniences alone , I love the system.The SD7504 camera is really easy to setup and use with the 7502 phones -LRB- I still do n't know why Motorola does n't sell a base unit with the 7502 standard ! -RRB- . The image quality is pretty mediocre , but is about what you would expect for such a small screen . The low-light feature works great , and the unit doubles as a great audio intercom for the room . The interface was smartly designed so that no sound is made in the room when you check the camera from a remote phone , but with a simple button press you can talk clearly through the 7504 . You can definitely have some fun confusing your baby by talking to him through the 7504 while being in another room.Summary : Pros - Great interface , excellent quality two-way audio , easy to mount and easy to detach in `` wireless '' mode when you need 3-4 hours of monitoring of another area without a power cord attached.Cons - Mediocre image quality , range is not as long as phones are . Mine did n't work with my base station on the other side of my 2000 sq. foot house , but works great when I moved the base station closer to the center of the home.I 'd recommend the product even with the small downsides .
 We use it for our baby . We can also talk to her at the same time . It 's little limited on its perspective , but it 's very handy and can be placed anywhere . We 're going to get another one for our other daugter , so we can see both in their beds up close .
 What can you say . We are always looking for a sharpie . I gave a couple to everyone in my house and still have a secrets stash .
 Nice to stock up on office supplies . This will last me for a while . I only see them stocked in local stores as singles or pair . I 'm sure I could always check out Staples of Office Depot but I already have an account here .
 The super sharpie is just that `` Super '' they are bigger and last longer than a standard sharpie -LRB- obviously -RRB- . I bought them because I used them at work a lot at the time , I used them for marking lot 's of boxes in a distribution center I work in . My current job rarely uses them else I 'd have bought some more by now.I got tired of the standard ones work gave us running dry , and needing a new one every week -LRB- or losing/breaking them -RRB- . So I bought these , and it was worth every penny . I gave a few away to co-workers who also agree they are awesome .
 Although I can not testify to the longevity of this large Sharpie -LRB- I have n't had them long enough -RRB- , I would say I like the extra weight and girth of this pen and I believe the tip is sturdier than the standard size Sharpie . This hefty pen 's tip is nice and sharp .
 Too bad Jeanette Scott does n't read the directions ! It DOES speak French and English -LRB- you have to hit the shift key before the speaker button -RRB- . It has menu speech controls that allow you to change the speed and frequency of the sound of the computurized voice . It also has a volume control and a jack for an ear fone . These help in trying to understand the pronunciations in French . Its got a ton of pre-programed phrases in groups that look to be helpful for different situations - everyday , traveling , hotel , restuarant , sightseeing , etc. . I 'm sure the ones I 'll use most next month in France are
 I love it !! I use it almost every day . The pronounciation is easy to understand for a machine . My French professor agrees that the pronounciation is pretty good . I have noticed that sevberal reviews say that there are no audibles in French . This is not true . If you will look in your manual , the instructions clearly say to hear the pronounciation in French press shift and then enter . It will also expand on synonyms by moving the right arrow keys to highlight the word and then press enter . A simple check of the manual will open unlimited possibilities . I am actually looking to purchase another machine to have as a backup but have been unable to locate one .
 I 've used Elmer 's Foam Board Self-Adhesive several times over the past few years , and have had very good adhesion . I do have to be careful , because the stickiness is so good that it is not easy to remove a photo or paper once attached . Another reviewer said that the stick did n't work ; he must have had a bad batch . That 's not my experience .
 I 've used this product many times to mount COSTCO 's 20 x 30 poster prints and my own large format inkjet prints -LRB- up to 13 x 19 -RRB- . Care is required to avoid capturing &#34; bubbles &#34; but it is much easier than using spray adhesive on straight poster board .
 The paper is a fairly good thickness , I could not find the mm thickness , but it worked well for me . It is printable on both sides and my project looks good on it.My only compliant is that one corner of the paper , most of the pack was slightly damaged , it had a deep bend in it , it was still usable , but I could not use those for presentation of project . So I just used those sheets for test copies , I did not contact seller because of the time line I was on.I will buy again , but will contact seller if the next order has damage .
 I use the edgers for creating my own post cards and thank you cards . I love this set of paper cutters . It is great to have such a nice variety of edges in this set , allows me to create a lot of unique cards.These Edgers are high quality and they are sharp . I always get a clean cut on the first attempt whether I cut thin paper or heavier card stock.I have small hands and they are comfortable to use , but the holes are smaller than regular size scissors , so if you have large hands that is something to keep in mind . The thumb opening is 3/4 of inch wide and 1 inch long.Overall , I am very pleased with the scissors and would recommend them.Ali Julia review
 This paper was exactly what I was looking for . I expected it to have a little gloss to the finish , and I was a little worried when I first saw it . But the print quality and final product were so good that I 'm glad I did n't get something else . My inkjet printer did n't smudge or print too heavy and the pages dried instantly with no curling of the edges.Great product !
 This is much better than described . It is very versatile . The daytimer has numbered days Mon-Sat . plus space for Sunday on each lower page plus 3 month & small 12 month calendar on top page . -LRB- small 3 yr calendar and list of holidays dates for current yr plus 3 more in front -RRB- I use it for notes . The steno book is perfect for to do lists or notes . There is a easy to find page under clear plastic for quick notes . You could use for phone numbers but I use for my quarterly goals and acheivements.The is a large pleated pocket in front . I use for pending bills , a some take home work . Also there are pockets for 5 credit cards , 2 for pens and an I.D. pocket in front . All this zips for protection and convenience !
 Love this chair . I rarely review products but this task chair is so comfortable and solid that I felt the need to share the news . It took 5 minutes to assemble . The controls work flawlessly , allowing me to lock the swivel of the seat and the seat back in the exact position I want . I am a big guy , and this chair is much more solid than the chairs that I wear out once a year .
 Amazon user M. McDougall got it perfect in his review for this chair . This thing is n't exactly cheap , so I 'm glad his review was spot-on . I got this for three Ulysses L. Grants . You can tell that this thing is meant to be sat in for long stretches , and any other chairs from office supply stores do n't even compare when you consider how fast they fall apart . The cushions are very firm but comfortable and feel like they 're going to last for years . Also , remember that this chair is a beast with a shipping weight of 57 pounds.The Baily slightly tilts and locks independently at both the backing and the base . The back rest also has some height adjustment with a tension knob and the arms rests can slide outwards -LRB- to the sides -RRB- using knobs as well . There are three different heights for the arm rests but they do n't rotate outwards . Also , the back rest has a decent amount of lumbar support.I think the best part about this chair is that it came with no tools . The seat cushion already had the major hardware assembled . There were no Allen bolts or wrenches since the tension knobs hold the chair together . Finally , there 's only one catch with my purchase . I bought it from the Amazon reseller ` Shoplet ' . I was expecting a red chair , but I got a dark blue one . It 's not an issue for me , but just do n't count on getting the color you want .
 I ordered this paper to print some invitations with a bright fuschia background . I use a canon pixima pro9000 . This paper handled the ink beautifully . It was deeply saturated and gorgeous . The paper has a matte finish , yet is not dull and was thick enough to retain its form as well , so the invitations looked very professional . highly recommend and would purchase again in a second !
 They made a mistake by sending other product , but gave me a refund without returning the product . Satisfied with their actions taken .
 These are high quality , double-sided , 11x17 paper that you can find online . Epson does n't maked this type of paper for some reason . I did a thorough search and found these.The only bad thing is you have to pay for the shipping since it 's from the 3rd party seller . Other than that , I do n't think you can find a better for this type of paper for this price .
 Used this paper to create my architectural portfolio and thought the results were nice . Great resolution , nice weight , durable paper . I did have trouble after printing on the first side getting smudge marks when printing the second side , but waiting for at least 20 minutes between each print job seemed to solve this problem .
 I was looking for a valet keychain so that I would n't have to carry around all of my keys all the time . And for the ability to start my car on cold mornings and still be able to lock up my apartment at the same time . Product looks great and works very well .
 I ordered this keychain because I carry a wristlet purse and do n't like to carry all of my keys with me when I go out . I put my car key on one side and the remainder of my keys on the other . This way , I can detach the car key and carry it in my wristlet while the other keys stay in my car.This keychain seems to be durable and able to withstand daily drops onto the sidewalk .
 Get 'em while they last , writers . The Pentel energel 1.0 -LRB- Bold -RRB- Metal Tip pens are smooth writing , and getting scarce , possibly discontinued . I receive my monthly dozens by USPS within days of ordering . Feed the need .
 The phone is decent but seems to have been out of production when I purchased it and the batteries were DOA . The seller quickly responded to my email and offered a full refund if I returned the product but was unable to replace the batteries . I did n't want to return it though so I easily found the batteries cheap on ebay . The phone itself works great in all aspects but has a slight interference in the call quality . It 's barely noticeable but I think -LRB- not sure -RRB- that it might be caused but another phone set I have in the house with a slightly different frequency .
 The phone is good and works fine , but when we received it , one of the batteries was dead . We followed the instructions and allowed the phones to charge for over 12 hours before we used it , but the phone never held a charge . I had to purchase a new battery for the phone .
 After having done some shopping in stores looking for a new cordless set , I was skeptical about this one not having seen it in person . Many of the modern cordless phones seem too cheaply made and the low cost ones leave critical features out such as a headset connector . Turns out though , the Motorola is pretty decent and I 'm happy with my purchase.I was particularly interested in a 2.4 GHZ set , as I have other things at the frequencies the later sets are at and found there is interference . My previous set was a 2.4 GHZ Panasonic TG2620 series , which I was n't all that crazy about as the volume level with the headseat was poor.The Motorola is sturdily built , a little larger than I thought it would be , and fairly heavy as handsets go . The shape is pretty much just a squashed cylinder , and does n't conform to hand or face in any way -- that 's my complaint about the ergonomics along with the weight ... I like to use it with a headset with a short cord most often , and keep it in my shirt pocket while using it , so weight is a concern -- it does have snap on belt clips for the headsets so that could be an alternative , but then I 'd be fiddling with the long cable down to it and I often sit down as well in an office armchair so belt-clip operation is not ideal either.Fortunately , the headset connection is standard , the same used by the Panasonic I had before so I was able to use the same set -- a good thing because I shopped around for some time to find one that was n't so cheaply made it would crap out after a few wiggles of the connectors . Pulling the little rubber plug out of the headset connector socket is a real pain though , it 's a big plug and fits very snug so it 's a struggle to get it out -- I 'll likely cut it off before long on the handset that I use the headset on most often.Also , it has a VOLUME control which is great because the Panasonic I had before was always too quiet , and you can crank the Motorola up a bit more than the Panasonic was capable of . It has a `` hands free '' mode , which is essentially a `` speakerphone '' mode , which seems to work ok as well and is pretty loud.Despite the fact the ergonomics of the handset is n't all that great , it has one feature which is handy , it will stand up on it 's own -- the bottom is flat enough -- the Panasonic was shaped more and you just had to lay it down if not in the charger.I ca n't tell you how well the answering machine works because I 'm not interested in using it -- I use a VOIP connection that takes a message and emails me a transcription which is way more useful than the old-school answering machine where I ca n't get to it via the web like I can my VOIP messages.So feature wise , it 's pretty good as far as I 'm concerned , my only complaint is it 's heavy and the shape of the handset seems a bit clumsy . But neither of those complaints are very serious , the feature set is better than my old phone so all in all I like the Motorola better .
 I was looking for a all white and orange phone to match with my living room design . This phone was right on , had a groovy retro design with slick lines and orange/redish lights . This is the only phone on the market with these specs so it 's not like I had a lot of choice but this phone works pretty well , and meet my expections and needs .
 This laminator is a monster in size and it 's heavy but it sure does the job . It will handle just about anything you need to do . This is my second ` Royal ' just wore the first one out so I bought this one to replace the used one . Glad I did , buy it you 'll like it .
 The Linea32 synchronizes easily with both my desktop and laptop PC 's using the software included with the product . Its much easier typing info into a PC , and then downloading to the PDA than entering on the PDA alone . Also , includes cover to protect the screen.The writing recognition is a little tricky , but very helpful once you get the hang of it .
 This PDA is really good . Economy and best with 10MB memory and a backlight.Sounds good !
 I did a lot of research before buying this chair , and now that I have it I am confident that I made the right choice by getting it . I was looking for an extremely comfortable and ergonomic chair , comfy enough that I could sit in the chair all day working at my computer -LRB- I 'm a software developer -RRB- . I shopped around at the usual office supply stores , and looked at a lot of cheapo chairs , and finally started looking online . I found that , of the better quality office/task chairs , this was one of the more popular brands . Of course , Hon is an excellent brand , they do n't really make anything `` cheap '' . And this particular model is outstanding ... it 's totally adjustable , it 'll fit just about anybody . The seat is very comfortable . The armrests are a little more firm that I had expected -LRB- they are referred to as `` padded '' on the product description -RRB- , but they do the job . All in all , this chair was an excellent buy . That may surprise you , looking at the price on this webpage , but it 's really worth it.What really shined in this purchase was the company that sold me the chair , BuyOnlinNow . When the chair was delivered it had a small rip in the fabric , and I reluctantly called for service or a replacement . They rushed out a replacement chair , and by the end of the same week I was all set with a perfect chair . I suppose I could gripe about Hon 's quality control process -LRB- the rip happened before the chair was boxed up -RRB- , but it 's still a well made chair . Anyway , in my experience with BuyOnlineNow , I found the customer service people to be extremely friendly , and when I called a human being answered every time . I did n't think ANY companies did that anymore !
 Staedtler Mars Plastic Erasers are by far the best on the market . They erase any type of pencil on any type of paper and do n't smudge , tear holes , or do any of the annoying things cheap erasers do . It may not be the least expensive eraser you could find , but it lasts very long and is highly durable and actually erases unlike other erasers . For artistry I accompany this eraser with drawing pencils and it works like magic . On work and papers it works just as well and is the best eraser I 've ever had . Definitely would recommend this to a friend and would buy again !
 I have just been talking about this eraser with my 11 year old son . I have had one of these since probably first year of college , when I had to take technical drawing . We are talking over 20 years ! These things are nuclear , last forever . My doughter actually just took a small chunk off of it by accident -LRB- like a half a cubic centimeter -RRB- , and it is the most that it has ever lost . Real good quality , I hope the ones they are making these days are just as good as this one I have .
 Staedtker brand is the best since forever . I love this eraser . Good in both size and quality and it never leaves black marks on paper.Yes I do recommend it .
 These are excellent erasers that remove4 all traces of pencil marks without damaging any paper surfaces . They are hard to find .
 THis eraser is a damn good eraser . I 've used many erasers before and after this one , but this one is the best . I 've seen erasers that are very very similar to this one , and still this one is by far the best .
 really fast ship ! got it within a day . . i ordered this for my next class at college . great pricing too !
 Staedtler erasers are the best erasers that you can buy . I 've used all types of erasers and these are the most reliable and long-lasting . These high quality white vinyl erasers will erase your lead mistakes cleanly and without blemishing your paper , which other erasers tend to do . When it comes to erasers this is the best brand you can buy .
 I bought three latex free erasers
 being an eraser expert , i have used my share of erasers . but none match the prestige and excellence of the staedler block eraser . i have used this eraser for , not joking , 7 years now , and it still has 3/4s of the eraser left . wow . the company is actually doing themselves a disservice by making the erasers so good because people never need to buy another one .
 Right on time . I love this eraser it really does the job especially with drawing . I highly recommend having one of these especially if you 're prone to mistakes . Cleans up printer paper nicely .
 I 'm sure that this product removes pencil marks from paper very well , but I do n't use it for that . I use it to remove scuff marks from my white buck shoes . It simply erases scuffs , and it lightens stains from liquids . I 've never had to use a powder bag on my white bucks because this eraser keeps them looking good . I just keep the eraser in one of the shoes . It does the same thing for nubuck shoes .
 I work as an engineer/draftsman for years and this is the best pencil eraser I have tried . It is very effective and works really good . It does not crumble into thousand of tiny bits and pieces which is a mess to clean . Instead it just rolls off smoothly on the paper.Will not tear the paper as some hard erasers usually does . A bit more pricey but lasts a long time .
 As a college student who is erasing notes constantly , this is definitely the best eraser I have ever tried . Leaves no pencil marks and does n't get dirty thanks to the cover . I would recommend this eraser to anyone .
 I agree with all of the above reviewers . The Mars eraser is simply the best around . I 've been using them for 40 years and the eraser itself has never changed , still the white letter on dark blue paper covering the eraser . Works great !
 I do n't remember how my little Staedtler Mars Plastic eraser made its way into my desk drawer , but it is hands down the best eraser I 've found.First off , it 's a great value . After thousands upon thousands of uses , it has retained 95 % of its original size . I ca n't imagine it will need replacing until I am collecting Social Security.More important is its efficacy . Where standard erasers take multiple rub-rub-rubs to eradicate a pencil mark leaving you with tons of dust , aching fingers , and often damaged paper , the Staedtler is just one , two ... and all gone . Blemish removed and paper and fingers a-okay . If you use an eraser with any regularity , do n't think about it , just buy it .
 I like that this takes off pencil marks without ripping up your paper . The white plastic material is soft and glides over paper rather than skidding on paper . It takes off the pencil marks without leaving any residue . I use it for pencil drawings but it would be great for writing too . The eraser has a cardboard overwrap that you can remove or leave on . I leave it on to keep the eraser nice and clean .
 I purchased this stool to save my back from bending over to reshelve books . It works perfectly for my purpose . I can scoot around with ease on the low pile carpet to the places I need to put the books . There is a shelf under the seat which often comes in handy . And , as an extra bonus to me , the color is my favorite -- bright red . I would highly recommend this product to anyone who needs to be one foot or a foot and a half off the floor to file or reshelve items .
 Assembly was easy , the instructions are printed on the box AND the hardware included aircraft nuts so I did n't have to go to the hardware store to replace cheesy parts that would come loose . Very happy with the ability to roll while seated low to work on car/scooter . Beats the old 5 gallon bucket by a mile !
 I am a postal clerk for U.S.P.S. and I work on a letter sorting machine -LRB- DBCS -RRB- and the scooter has absolutely helped me . If you do a lot of bending and stooping , this scooter can save you .
 These clips are great , I just wish they had an even number of colors , it feels like they left out one . The paint on the is great on the outside of the clip but they missed the inside , If that is something you 'll even worry about . Overall great clips so far !
 The color coding adds a little class to documents you pass around . The color coding also allows you to set up a simple color system to keep similar project together
 Does exactly what they 're supposed to do for a good price . I would buy them again if I needed them .
 Lots of uses , fairly durable , almost as nice as a name brand product!The paint chips off a little too easily on these , which knocks off a star . Otherwise , just as functional as any other binder clip , but with the addition of COLOR !
 They are excellent at securing papers together . I also use them to secure chip bags . They are excellent for both purposes .
 I like getting office products like this from Amazon as it saves me a trip -LRB- and money -RRB- to Staples or a similar place where I 'd be tempted to purchase other stuff after browsing forever in an `` airplane hanger '' store . If you have Amazon Prime , are a student , etc. it 's a great deal re
 My son collects letter openers . I gave this to him for his birthday . He thought it was interesting and unique . I wish this store made additional letter openers .
 In response to the comments , please ... YOU GUYS , Avery comes with tons of graphics , but they cant read your mind ? Use this product with easy to read templates or design your own . Pull GRAPHICs from the net or your pictures . This is the best program for this type of design . I also , and higly recommend Design Pro , you can use any type of paper , postcards , business , iron on t-shirts , anything ... zoom in and out ... Give the limitied version a try . You will want more , and if your savy , like I am . If you need more backgrounds , grapics ... etc. . etc. . its endless ... GREAT for the PTA . Get the limitied version a try . JUdge for yourself.M
 I purchased the sign kit to do a quick sign for a business expo . I found it to be easy enough , but did not like the graphics that came with the program . I ended up using my own graphics and pictures from another program that worked better with what I wanted to do.Also , you could see the outline of the guide that is given for the placement of the sheets.I considered these minor things to deal with considering the time frame I had to come up with something . The product is good and I will buy it again if the need arises .
 Happy to deal with this vendor . Will order again . Exactly as described . Product arrived quickly and undamaged . These are very big and they look very professional
 The paper performed well . No issues at all . Good quality for the price .
 I travel a lot and used this phone for the first time last week . It was a trip to Play del Carmen . I set it up and tested with Skybe before leaving . Once I got to Mexico , it was good to go . I used it to call and keep in touch with work , family and friends.It became ESPECIALLY handy when Hurricane Dean was forecast to hit the small beach side town we were in . It worked great with my laptop on the hotels wireless network . Great call quality from my room and lobby.I used it extensively to rearrange all our airline tickets and to keep relatives and work with what was going on . Luckily we got out of there less than 24 hours before the Cat 5 hurricane hit.This phone sure was handy .
 I purchased one of these years ago and have used it with Skype for some type . Very easy to use plug n play . This is my second unit . I use this second at my vacation home . It 's great to have an Internet based phone that is not a headset , and it feels like I have a landline . Phone is solid and rugged . My kids use it too . Excellent product but maybe becoming `` old '' . Stock up now before they become hard to find .
 This is 2nd USRobotics USB Travel Phone for me - had 1st one for several years & it works great - bought this one as a spare . Good sound , always works properly , and small enough for travel or home . Use it with desktop , laptop , & netbook .
 Does what it says . Just make sure you really put some strength/time behind the ironing process or it wo n't come out good .
 And it passed with flying colors ! I have owned and loved the 25-sheet version of this stapler for years . -LRB- You can read my gushing review on theproduct listing . -RRB- It 's made an immense difference in my paperwork struggles to have a stapler that reliably does what it 's supposed to do , and it really helps with thicker documents that are too thin for binder clips and too thick for a normal stapler.Well , this is another win . I do n't know how they do it , but it really does take fairly little hand pressure to use this baby . And it really does staple 65 pages . I took 65 sheets of ordinary printer paper and tried it out repeatedly , and it worked . The downside is that it 's really not appropriate for thinner stacks of 15 or 20 sheets ; for that I would use the version mentioned above . So if you are okay with binder clips , or if you seldom have prodigious stacks to staple , you probably do n't need this . Stick with the 25-sheet version and it should cover your needs.There 's nothing like the pleasure of a simple product that does exactly what it 's supposed to . It 's all too rare in this made-in-China world . PaperPro does it right .
 Just as the fabled Elephant 's Graveyard is littered with the bones of elephants , so , too , is my office -- with the remains of nonfunctional staplers . I use a stapler a lot , and have had two problems with many of the less sturdy brands
 I have only tried it with a bit over 30 pages so far , but it is completely effortless and works great . However it is not quiet at all , loud clicking noise when you staple . Not as bad as a staple gun , but still very loud . I have no problem with this and see it as well worth the ability to staple up to 65 pages without frustration .
 I 'm a student so I 'm constantly printing things -LRB- as much as it pains my wallet -RRB- . My little dollar store stapler was no longer cutting it , especially as I started to have to split my packs of notes into smaller portions of 5-7 sheets so my stapler could properly staple them together . Well , no more ! This stapler is great and so easy to use though I will admit I have n't stapled 65 sheets together -LRB- mostly 40 or so -RRB- . It 's light weight , but heavy duty , and is great for small office or home use .
 This stapler is super easy to load and super-easy to use.My husband was skeptical that it could possibly staple 65 pages at a time , but it does so with ease . We have an older , very expensive professional electric stapler and this little powerhouse can do what it can do WITHOUT HAVING TO BE PLUGGED IN . Its footprint is much smaller than the electric stapler and the design of this one makes stapling easy -- you use much less pressure than you 'd expect to get the job done.The stapler comes with both high capacity staples -LRB- for 35-65 page projects -RRB- and regular capacity staples for < 25 pages . DEFINITELY change staples when you have a `` smaller job , '' or you 'll find the staples are too long for the thickness of your project and will fracture instead of stapling.The stapler can accommodate regular , standard staples for smaller jobs & this is easy to load/unload , so changing staple sizes is a snap . Recommended for any office -- it 's both powerful & very portable .
 I have used several large stapling capacity staplers before . All of them required a very firm push down when stapling together sheets of paper more than 20 in number . i was surprised at the ease with this stapler staples large numbers of sheets together . All that is required is a little press and the stapler does the rest . I will definitely reccomend it for anyone who needs to staple large numbers of sheets together on a regular basis . It makes the stapling easy rather that a work out . I do not think its safe to have in the home though . The stapler is so powerful i do not want to imagine what will happen if a child presses it on a finger.However , it does what it is advertised to do very well and it really does deserve 5 stars .
 I use this stapler once or twice per week to bind larger presentations and printouts of spreadsheets . It works very easily , as advertised . I often use it in situations where I would have needed a report cover clip in the past.I have used a similar Swingline in offices before . I like this better than the Swingline because the staples are not as thick and conspicuous . The finish on these looks much nicer than the Swingline version.Highly recommended .
 All I can say is , this stapler lives up to its claims ! It 's easy , staples big stacks of papers quickly and easily , and is a very well made product . It 's heavy and I like that in an office supply . It means you usually have good quality and this is definitely true of this stapler . And it has n't jammed yet !
 I work in an office where our stapling activities , for the most part , consist of papers ranging from a few to a fair amount -- and our tools include your average staplers and a 300 + page beast of a machine . This one in a matter of a couple of days has become extremely handy for those paper stacks the regular staplers ca n't tackle but just is n't extreme enough for the Beast.Visually speaking , this is an attractive tool . It has clean-yet-curving lines that make a bit more aesthetic than the usual block of metal . I found it quite easy to open and load , though the automatic loading system did not work the first few times.What attracted me initially to this stapler was the claim of how easy it is to use . That claim is true -- the stapler is efficient and uses little energy to get a good solid staple in a good-sized stack.This stapler is everything it claims .
 I 've been using the same old stapler for years , and never really knew that there was a better way . After all its just a stapler right ? This stapler works so easy I ca n't believe just how easily it stapled a thick of a stack of papers with nearly no effort . I never thought too much of the effort involved in stapling papers , til now ! This was very simple to load straight from the package . I also love that it folds the staple flat , the bottom pieces are not rounded like my old stapler . No more protruding staple ends catching on other papers and giving me little cuts here and there on my fingers .
 This stapler shapes the staple to fold smoothly without poking through like a cactus needle for a wide variety of paper stack sizes . Sometimes when I use my other heavy duty stapler with fewer sheets than the correct stack size for the loaded staples , the staple pokes through the other side creating a sharp needle . The designers of this stapler got the folding dynamics right !
 I never thought I could love a stapler before but I do love this one . First thing I checked before ordering is whether or not special staples were needed , they are n't . You can use the same old staples used with common everyday staplers . I always have large numbers of papers that need stapling but never had a stapler that can do the job so I resort to paper clips . I was skeptical after reading the description as I 've never found a stapler that requires so little effort to use . This stapler is easy to load . The first time I used it stapling about 40 pages together I was expecting to have to apply a lot of force but that was n't necessary . It only needed one hand with light pressure to staple the pages . The non-slip bottom prevents the stapler from moving so you can leave it on the desk even when stapling large numbers of papers . I will be using this stapler for all tasks since it is so effortless to use . This is the best stapler I 've ever used.Addendum
 It does what it says it does ... staple 65 + - sheets of paper . The upper arm is easily pressed down and when it reaches a certain point , an internal spring drives the staple through the paper . The stapler body is made out of metal and it feels like it 'll last for years.It may not drive the heavy-duty staples or handle as many pages as myStanley Bostitch Extra Heavy Duty Stapler , but I rarely need to staple more than the 65 sheet capacity of this one . And it 's a lot easier to use.Highly Recommended
 This stapler takes 2 different sized staples
 The PaperPro Professional 65 is a very powerful , spring-powered stapler that easily stapled through 60 sheets in my usage . I was not quite as successful attempting to staple through 65 sheets however . In several attempts at stapling 65 sheets , the staple partially collapsed and only one of the staple ends actually made it all the way through the paper.The stapler is part metal , part plastic in construction . The entire base and handle is plastic while the mechanism itself is metal . Around the perimeter of the base is a rubbery edge that helps prevent slipping.Refilling the staples is very easy to accomplish . The top simply swings open and once fully opened the staple tray automatically pops open a bit . You slide it out further , drop in the length of staples you want to use and then slide it shut until it clicks and locks . Fold the top down and you are ready to begin stapling.The stapler does not require very much force at all to use . It 's surprisingly easy in fact to staple up to 60 sheets . If you 've ever struggled to use an `` old school '' stapler , you know how frustrating it can be to staple through more than about 10 pages . The staples usually buckle and do n't penetrate all the way through the paper . I actually did have that happen even with this stapler , but only at the limits of its range of 65 sheets.You are also able to swing the stapler open to use it as a tacker.There is even a safety feature on this stapler that prevents you from firing a staple into the air . Unless the stapler is in contact with a solid surface , the safety mechanism will lock the handle and prevent the stapler from firing a staple . I ca n't guarantee this is 100 % foolproof , but it did work as described in my testing.The made in Taiwan , Paper Pro Professional 65 comes with two packages of staples ; 25/8 for up to 30 sheets and 20/10 for up to 65 sheets.My only concern would be the plastic base and handle and whether dropping would break or crack the plastic at the hinge . Putting that aside however , the stapler works pretty much as advertised . It 's very easy to depress and it stapled easily through up to 60 pages . I do suppose that the weight of the paper might affect how many pages you 'll be able to get through , so your mileage may vary . But it will certainly staple through 50 pages without problem .
 I am very impressed with the ease of use and quality of this stapler . Using the 5-30 sheet staples as an initial test , I stapled a 37 sheet document together with no problems at all . The staple was definitely big enough for the job and went through the sheets effortlessly . I ca n't imagine using 2 fingers as stated by the manufacturer , but using the palm of my hand -LRB- closest to the wrist -RRB- seemed to be easiest and most natural . This stapler comes with two boxes of staples with 500 staples each . My kids -LRB- all over ten years -RRB- have tried this out and love it as well . I imagine this would be a great gift for a teacher or an accountant .
 The Paper Pro stapler is the ultimate stapler for home or office use . The instructions are easy to understand and the stapler is easy to use . Large jobs -LRB- up to 65 sheets -RRB- are a breeze . The stapler comes with 30 sheet and 65 sheet capacity staples . Standard staples can be used for lower capacity projects . The staples close very tight on your project and they certainly wo n't fall out . This is an awesome stapler for big or small jobs ! I would reccommend this stapler for all stapling needs .
 I do n't think I 've ever used a stapler like this.It loads much like a normal stapler , with normal sized staples . To staple , you press a large paddle down , which smoothly and easily compresses . An internal mechanism , powered by this compression , pops loudly , and the staple is perfectly in place.This is very different from my normal stapler . Without this paddle mechanism , you have to provide the energy to drive the staple through the paper directly . With the paddle mechanism , the stapler always has the correct amount of energy , and it is very easy for anyone to provide it.It 's definitely a smarter stapler design . If you use a conventional stapler , you 'll occasionally fail to drive the staple through correctly , because you did n't jam them straight through powerfully , and you 'll occasionally have packets that are thick and difficult to staple . This stapler manages that automatically , and I think it 's a lot more clever than an electric stapler.For the current price , I think it 's a good value .
 This is one of the most powerful staplers , I have used . The claim of of 1 finger operation is true
 This stapler builds up energy as you press down on the handle then when you press it all the way down it releases the energy and pops the staple thru the paper vs some staplers where you have to push the staple thru the paper using leverage . I tried it on a stack of about 50 sheets of paper and no problem . It comes with a few staples to get you started , but order more if you plan to staple alot , the staples come in 2 lengths . The stapler could probably handle more than 65 sheets but that about all the longer staples can bind .
 I have been using the PaperPro for a week , and am impressed with its build quality and capacity for stapling paper . Not cheap price-wise , but a good value and something that seems like it will last a long time.Pros : - well built , `` Swingline '' quality -LRB- Swingline is the best known stapler company , and makes a quality product -RRB- - no jams-staples insert into paper without effort-staples bend correctlyCons : - not cheapI look forward to using other staplers in their product line .
 ... They all said `` 5 stars for sure ! '' Our field workers agreed ... for blue prints , or other bulky docs , it is doing the job . Staples are not fat , but sturdy , unlike others we have used in the past , so they look tidy . We 're happy , and have purchased more of them . Recommended .
 Short of the staple gun I keep in my garage at home this is the most powerful stapler I have ever used.If you ever need to staple 50 or more pages together this is the stapler to get . To be honest I have used this stapler to staple more than 80 pages together with ease . Of course your mileage may vary and it all depends on the thickness of the paper you are using.This stapler punches through the paper with ease . The key is you need to make sure you have the extra long staples for doing lots of sheets . The stapler comes with a small sample of regular staples and high capacity staples . I have checked my local office supply stores and have been pleased to find that these staples are regularly available.Another nice thing is that this stapler rarely jams . I have used it quite a bit since I got it and I think I have only had dud staples once or twice . That is always nice since I hate having to open up staplers or redoing a staple job because things got messed up.The pressure required to do the stapling is pretty light . No normal persons should have any problems . Even for children or the elderly it would be fine I would think . Unless you have some real arthritis you should n't have any problems . Al that is required a steady pressing down of the level and ... boom ... stapled.The only real drawback is that this stapler may be too powerful for smaller jobs . I was stapling a few pieces of carbon paper together and the stapler literally punched through the paper , leaving the paper with a tiny hole in it and a spent staple . Also on smaller jobs the staples are bent with such force that sometimes the ends are bent back through to the front of the paper with can cause the little points to stick out and you can pick your fingertip . So you may want to use a traditional stapler for your smaller jobs of just a couple pages.If you have any question feel free to leave a comment and I will try to respond .
 PaperPro 1210 Professional 65 Sheet Stapleris amazing . When I get something mechanical , I am capable of tearing it up before I can remove it from the package . Then I am capable of failing to understand how it works.The most complicated challenge with this stapler was removing it from the package . Much to my surprise it is so user friendly , that I understood what to do before I read the directions , but I did read them.And it works ! It neatly fastens a big stack of papers with a secure staple.The directions include safety precautions , which should be heeded .
 I 've been using this during my sessions at a local non-profit , and it really works . We have to staple many large-count docs every week . This stapler makes it very easy to do so . I 've been using it for about three weeks now and have n't had a jam.If you 're not going to be stapling many stacks of 30 pages or more , this stapler is probably overkill . -LRB- Although it can do regular stapling , you can get a solid and less-expensive stapler for that . -RRB- If you need a big-stack stapler , though , this is worth the price in the time and effort it will save you.Its mechanism is pretty powerful , so it takes a couple of tries before you get the hang of it -LRB- and you get used to the sound volume -RRB- . After that , it 's clear sailing .
 If you 're in the market for a new stapler , why not get one that can staple through a stack of quarters ? Ok , it may not be quite that powerful , but this is definitely the holy grail of staplers . It takes standard staples for stacks of a dozen or so sheets of paper , or you can use longer `` high capacity '' staples to staple through up to 65 sheets of paper . A word of warning , do n't use the high capacity staples unless you need to , because they can get pretty messy if you 're only stapling a few sheets.This stapler is very easy to use , and the claimed `` 2-finger operation '' is no lie , except that a typical adult could probably easily operate it with even just 1 finger.My only complaint is that it 's a bit loud , very similar to a typical staple gun . My office mates 4 doors down can tell when I 'm stapling away at stacks of paper.Highly recommended - it is a very solid and good quality stapler !
 I 'm partial towards the PaperPro line , as I use their Prodigy stapler at both work and home . So it was with enthusiasm that I received the PaperPro Professional 65 , their high-capacity stapler . The stapling mechanism is the same as the smaller Prodigy - you load the staples in upside down compared to a regular stapler , and then a spring lever-assisted mechanism makes the actual stapling `` push '' fairly effortless . As they advertised , I was able to easily staple a 50 page document using just a couple of fingers . Really awesome . One thing to keep in mind is that these high-capacity staplers use high-capacity staples , which are thicker and longer than standard staples .
 I ordered this to supplement the normal capacity stapler I 've been living with for the past several years . Last week I received a 32 page tax organizer by email from my accountant . I had to put my body weight and lots of speed into my old stapler to get it to staple the pages together , and it still did n't work that well.So as soon as I got this high capacity PaperPro , the tax organizer was the first thing I tried it on . Geesh , what a breeze ! I went thru all 32 sheets like nothing , so I do n't foresee any problems whatsoever if I ever find the need to test the 65 sheet advertized capacity.The next thing I tried this on was just two papers . It stapled them , but not well . It basically cut a slit clean through the papers , and the little free ends of the staple were sticking up quite high . At this point , I will mention that the stapler comes with two size staples . I had the bigger ones in . So I changed to the smaller ones and experimented with those . They broke easily with between 2-5 sheets , but with six sheets it worked like a charm . This is pretty much on track , as the smaller staples are rated at 5-30 sheets , and the bigger staples at 10-65 sheets.What I 'm trying to say , is this wo n't replace all your staplers . You will still need a light to medium duty one for small jobs.If I had to find a negative , I would say that for me anyway , the two finger thing is a little tougher than I thought it would be . I could push it down with two fingers but I had to push kindof hard . I find it much easier to use my hand . No matter which way I pushed down though , once it activated , that staple snapped through those pages like lightening.So for someone like me who usually buys cheap grocery store staplers , I am quite impressed with this hog . I see no reason Not to give it five stars .
 The PaperPro 1210 Professional 65 Sheet Stapler works as advertised
 Particularly if it 's coming out of the office budget , I highly recommend this stapler for anyone who does a lot of stapling or who regularly needs to staple large documents . While I use the palm of my hand , the stapler does most of the work.The package does include 1000 high-capacity staples , but it should be noted that only half are 65-sheet capacity . The other half are for up to 30 sheets , according to the box.This stapler does also accommodate `` standard '' staples , but since they 're shorter will not hold a big document securely.Because of the power of this stapler , someone who is n't very strong could hurt themselves playing with this , and I would not keep it around a home office if children -- even those not so small -- are around . It is dangerous .
 It does not live to the advertised claim of stapling up to 65 pages ... the staples frequently jams up ... very dissapointed , , , felt cheated
 I do n't like -- actually I HATE -- heavy duty staplers , because it 's nearly impossible to use them correctly without munching the big fat staples -LRB- which are impossible to pull back out -RRB- . That 's the bias that I carry with me when I look at this stapler.Facts :1 -RRB- I am an idiot .2 -RRB- This stapler works for me.Conclusion : THIS STAPLER IS IDIOT-PROOF !!! I have n't had one misfire yet . I like the fact that it uses staples that are longer , but not fatter . It makes the document look `` normal '' . I use this stapler a couple of times a day for documents that are 31-65 sheets thick -LRB- 61 to 130 pages printed double-sided -RRB- with no trouble . My printer automatically staples documents up to 60 pages -LRB- 30 sheets -RRB- . Until I bought this stapler , I had to use binder clips for anything thicker . This stapler solved that annoyance for me
 OK , pardon me for starting off with the classic line from Office Space , but it was hard to resist . I 'm a geek , into technology on so many levels , but staplers and I just do n't get along . ThisPaperPro 1210 Professional 65 Sheet Stapleris different
 This is the best stapler ever ! I have n't stapled over 60 pages yet but it did 56 with one hand ! I love this product so much I purchased the one for up to 20 sheets as well ! I 'm prepared for anything now !
 The paperpro stapler is an awesome stapler . It looks clean and sleek on the desk and not as industrial as many staplers . It 's a nice in between size from a small regular home type stapler that can staple about 5 pages , and the giant Bosch my husband uses at work that has ratchet settings and can staple a phone book.One of the nicest features of the PaperPro stapler is the ability to open it completely , making staple insertion simple , and making clearing a jam really easy because of the ability to freely get to the mouth of the staple holder , though I have n't had it jam on me.The stapler came with two sizes of staples , one for under 35 sheets and one for 35-65 . I ca n't believe how smoothly and easily the PaperPro staples through a pile of papers . We were stapling catalogs and big stacks to try it out , and I actually could staple it with two fingers . This stapler would be great for a medium sized office or someone who has kids who always have homework to staple together . It looks nice on the desk , is super easy to operate and is a terrific buy.It also does really well with smaller jobs with regular sized staples and the ease of operation means you could easily switch back and forth , if you wanted it for mostly home jobs with the occasional large job you could keep regular staples in it and then switch out for the bigger ones when needed . Because it 's so simple to open and change the staples that would n't be a big deal .
 This stapler is easy to use - my 6 and 8 year old daughters were able to make it staple exactly 65 pieces of paper on their own . It 's a little larger than a regular desk stapler , but since it 's expected to do a larger job , that 's not a problem.It will actually staple larger documents but since the staples themselves are n't large enough -LRB- long enough , I guess is what I really mean -RRB- , they 'll go through the pages but ca n't turn under to grip the back of the document.The stapler itself is also sturdy which makes it easy to use.I was n't expecting this to actually pull off 65 page documents every time , but so far it has , and we 've definitely put it to the test many , many , many times .
 This stapler works very well for 20lb paper - about 65 sheets or so . Be aware that when stapling fewer than about 20 sheets the staple will pop back through the front side . I have aStanley Bostitch Auto180 Xtreme Duty Automatic Stapler , 2 to 180 Sheet Capacity -LRB- B380HD -RRB- that cuts off the ends of the staples so you never have sharp points sticking back through the front.That said , this stapler works great . I am amazed by how easily it accomplishes the task - it acts like a staple gun - when you push it you get nothing ... nothing ... BAM !!! Like caulking a gun.The loading mechanism is pretty good too . Although I have not experienced a jam , it looks like it would be very easy to clear - everything is easily accessible .
 First things first . The packaging for this huge stapler is very hard to open.Secondly , not only is this stapler huge , it 's heavy too , and larger than I thought it would be . It does come with 2 small boxes of 500 staples each.Installing the staples is n't any harder to do than any other kind of stapler you might use.I wanted to order this stapler though the Vine Program , because I already have a very small stapler that works for one or two pages , and a regular sized stapler that maybe works if you are trying to staple about 10 pages , then this larger stapler will work for about 50 pages or so , which I will also need from time to time as I do print out newsletters that are hard to staple , or hard to really secure the staple to that many pages if it 's more than 10 pages.I did notice that if you are not trying to staple alot of pages with this stapler , the staple will come out to where the points are sticking up from the pages on the front of the page , but on the back it will be secured.It was easy to put two finger on the top of the stapler and staple . You do n't need to put alot of pressure onto the top of the stapler , like you need to do with normal staplers . The head of the stapler has a cushiony feel , so that it is n't like most staplers where the entire stapler feels the same way.There is a leaflet of 4 small pages including the cover which shows the stapler , which also shows that this stapler has a 2 year warranty and , a 30 day money back guarantee . I 've never seen any stapler that comes with any kind of warranty , not to my recollection . This stapler does seem very sturdy.Another good thing about this stapler is what they call `` A Cease Fire '' Safety Feature , which prevents the stapler from being fired into the air . I says when the stapler is not in normal use or not in contact with a solid surface , the handle locks so the stapler will not fire a staple . It never hurts to have some kind of precaution.Iam happy to have 3 kinds of staplers -- A small one to handle a few pages , another stapler to use for a medium amount of pages , and then this huge stapler that can handle the rest as far as how many pages it can handle , up to 65 pages , which is alot of pages.Iam very happy with this stapler . To me it has alot of good features . Normally I do n't think about staplers , or how many pages it can handle , but it 's nice to know that I will be prepared to staple pretty much anything that will need to be stapled .
 As an early adopter of the first PaperPro 20 sheet ` one finger ' staplers , my stapler quality bar was set pretty high . This incredibly well built and easy to use stapler exceeded my expectations.The thing is built like a Mack truck , with a sturdy and thick metal center body ... but it 's not heavy at all ! The stapling mechanism holds true to the claim by being able to staple 65 sheets with two fingers . It does give off a loud ` clack ' when you staple , which could be a little annoying if stapling many quantities in a small office . However , the ease with which you can push down and release definitely makes up for it.My stapler came with two different sizes . One of stapling normal stacks and one for stapling up to 65 pages . The 65 page staples are a little longer , so if you only staple a few sheets with the longer staples , they tend to punch back through the paper -LRB- after first going through , then curling around and punching back up . -RRB- Overall , I am VERY impresses with this stapler . My PaperPro 20 sheet stapler is years old , sees daily use , and still works perfect . I have no doubt this one will be the same way . Highly recommended !
 I am an engineer and typically have reports that are 50 pages daily and this stapler works like a pro . I would recommend this stapler to anyone . The only thing to worry about is that when it does fire the staple it is a lout staple .
 In the past stapling more a than a few pages was a frustrating experience . Too often only one leg of the staple went through the paper and the other folded over on the first page , or both folded over . There were also times that both legs went through , but bent over in the wrong direction . I tried putting the paper in position and pressing , then pounding the top of the stapler , then I tried picking up the stapler and squeezing it , but no technique insured getting the pages stapled together on the first , or even second or third try . But no more , with little pressure this stapler gets on the job done on the first try , and with a loud , satisfying , snap . It is really quite amazing and makes you wonder why it took the stapler manufacturers so long to come up with a stapler like this.The stapler comes with two boxes of staples , 500 in each box . One box is for `` normal '' use , up to 30 pages , and the other is for when you have up to 65 pages to staple together . When the staples that come with the stapler are used up , boxes of both are available from Amazon for a few dollars . Another nice feature is that you can easily check on how many staples remain so you do n't need to run out in the middle of a job . Just check how many are loaded before starting and add more if you think there are not enough.Directions come with the stapler with both text and drawings to explain how to load the stapler . Loading is easily done.If , like me , you find stapling is often frustrating , then give this one a try .
 You will need another regular stapler because you are not going to want to remove the staples from this one and reload depending on how many sheets of paper you are stapling . You really do not want to use this for stapling small number of pages . If you try to do so with the long -LRB- high capacity -RRB- staples loaded then the staples warp into a weird point or break apart . However , for about 10 pages and up this stapler is excellent , if loud . The force required is minimal , and the staples go cleanly through the paper . We have been using it to routinely staple 50 plus sheets of scrap paper together into scrap paper `` notebooks '' . This has solved the problem of knowing if a piece of paper is scrap before writing on the back , and has reduced the amount of waste in our household . It also easily stapled through 30 sheets of card stock for a school project.Refills of 3000 high capacity staples are currently available on Amazon for under five dollars .
 Can you ask for any more than that ? It is advertised to staple 65 sheets at once , and it does . It 's easy . It 's durable . I 've had no problems with it - no jams . Amazon has a great product at a competitive price . Can you ask for anything than a product that works as advertised at a good price ? I think not . You wo n't be disappointed .
 This is a great stapler ... but ... there are a few things you should know , because not all of the information on the current Amazon.com page is correct.First of all , this stapler does NOT come with 1000 high-capacity staples . It comes with 500 `` regular '' staples -LRB- up to 30-pages -RRB- and 500 `` high-capacity '' staples -LRB- up to 65-pages -RRB- . Second , this stapler is NOT all-metal . The black part is plastic.These are two minor things , but I still thought it was worth pointing-out . FYI , I do n't think I would use this as a `` regular '' stapler , meaning for up to 30-pages for a couple of reasons . # 1 , if you 're looking for a `` regular '' stapler , there are others which I think are easier to use ... and less expensive . # 2 , I do n't want to have to `` unload '' the high-capacity staples ... . then `` load '' the `` regular '' staples ... then `` unload '' the regular staples and `` load '' the high-capacity staples . Switching back-and-forth is kind of silly.This stapler is also LOUD ! The first time I used it , I was shocked.Nonetheless , for my needs , which is for a high-capacity stapler , this stapler works GREAT ! It 's amazing that no pressure is required . I 've only used `` mega-large-jumbo-staplers '' in the past for high-capacity stapling , and they take-up a lot of space and the ones that I used jammed a lot . Granted , you could staple more pages with them , but I really do n't have a need to staple more than 65 pages . This stapler does n't take up much room ... It 's quick-and-easy ... and ... so far . . . no jams . It 's also a lot more affordable than the `` mega-large-jumbo-staplers '' .
 The PaperPro `` Professional 65 '' is quite a machine . The main body is seriously heavy duty cast aluminum , the frame a well-designed base and handle of high grade plastic . Staples are loaded in a slightly unusual way , lifting the handle pulls open the entire upper mechanism , folding back to lie flat on your desk , exposing the staple slot . After dropping in a clip , you then push closed the tensioner , much like a conventional staple gun.I am not sure who routinely staples 65 sheets of paper , I know I rarely do - but might be inclined to think of this as an alternative to a binder.I began my test with the 25-sheet staples , and as a higher-than average capacity stapler it performs wonderfully . It takes minimal effort - yes , two fingers - to bind 25 sheets . It applies the staple with a lever that snaps down the main mechanism , greatly reducing the required pressure . Truth be said , in comparison to a few other conventional models I tried , while it took a lighter touch , it was not such a huge a difference as I expected . I suspect if you are a heavy user though , the difference would turn out o be of a little more importance . Looking at the backside of the applied staple , I could see there was enough folded metal , it could probably handle quite a few more sheets than 25 . So on to the big boys , the 65 . I printed a stack of recycled paper with numbers from 1 to 70 . I started with 30 , which was no problem . Jumping to 40 , I noticed , with no unusual pressure , it failed to complete the action an average of half the time . I then realized getting into this level of stapling , a great deal depends on the weight and condition of the paper . I was using a mix of standard multipurpose paper as well as a mix of other heavier sheets . I discovered if I came down on the stack applying gradual pressure , compressing the stack , I had 100 % success . In ten sheet increments I found this true all the way to yes , 65 sheets , but it took considerably different method than the two-fingered approach . Consistently lightweight paper , or multi-part form paper would probably be effortless , but I think it might be a bit more work with heavy bond on a regular basis.But for the coolest looking stapler on your desk , and one that performs wonderfully at everyday tasks , the Paper Pro would be hard to beat - Milton will be seriously jealous .
 I 'm impressed by thePaperPro 1210 Professional 65 Sheet Staplerfor several reasons . It arrives with two little boxes of staples , one for 5-30 sheets of paper , and a second for 10-65 pages . If you use the correct staple , you should achieve a successful binding of your papers . Opening the stapler is simple , removing the staple `` pusher '' is simple , dropping in a bar of staples is simple , closing the stapler is simple , but most important of all , depressing the handle is very simple and does n't require as much strength as most other desktop staplers . It really can be operated using two fingers if you care to try . The enclosed materials state that regular staples are to be used , just select the length of the prongs according to the number of pages you 're joining with a staple . This is lighter in weight than I 'd imagined it would be , it does n't slip on the table or desk top much when being used , is topped off with a nice two toned plastic material that is visually appealing , can be used for light use as a tacker -LRB- not to be professionally used as such -RRB- , and has a safety feature which prevents the staples from wildly being expelled . The only thing I do not like at all about this stapler is the extremely loud and startling sound it emits when being used , regardless of the number of pages being stapled . Nevertheless , I 'd recommend this stapler for users who need to staple together larger numbers of papers in an environment where the jolting sound will not interfere with other operations .
 This stapler is attractive and nicely designed , and most important it does what it says -- makes stapling lots of pages easy . Here is why I like it .1 . The pressure required with conventional staplers to staple a large number of pages requires using one or both of your hands . Not with this . I can staple up to 65 pages by just using two fingers to press down on the stapler . There is no resistance , and it is very easy . If you have carpal tunnel syndrome or arthritis , this stapler will be a breeze to use .2 . The staples are easy to insert and remove .3 . This staples cleanly.I have read a negative review about how this stapler jams over time , so I will update my review in a couple of months if any problem has developed.Bottom line
 Last year I got a Swingline Optima stapler , which is similar to this one . They are both excellent office tools and work with great ease on 60 to 70 pages . It really is quit amazing how easy it is to fasten stacks of paper . No matter how `` paperless '' we try to go , there Lways seems to be plenty to deal with , and this stapler makes it a little bit easier . This baby is tough and seems able to take on all comers , even paper sandwiched between plastic cover sheets . Recommended .
 Length :
 First , this stapler does what it should . I highly recommend it for larger capacity stapling jobs . With just two fingers , it is a breeze to staple a lot of pages together -LRB- I tested it multiple times on an old catalog -RRB- . The stapler is a bit loud -LRB- my dog is startled everytime I use it , but to be fair , my dog is also startled when I fold laundry -RRB- , but it 's not too loud for general office use . The stapler has a nice sturdy feel to it , and is easy to load with staples , and to use for tacking items to a bulletin board . It also includes a safety feature to help prevent shooting staples in mid air.Second , this stapler is intended for higher capacities ... not just a couple sheets of paper . I DO NOT recommend this for day-to-day home stapling of 2 or 3 pages . The stapler comes with 2 kinds of staples ... `` low capacity '' for 5-30 sheets of paper , and `` high capacity '' for 10-65 pages . I tried the low-capacity staples on just 2 sheets of paper . Each time I used it , the staples broke into three pieces , falling apart at the two points where they bend . I do not blame this on the stapler ... I blame me . When I used the same staples on 5 sheets of paper , they worked perfectly ... no breaks . Similarly , the high-capacity staples performed well when used with at least 10 or so sheets of paper . Any fewer than that , and the staples wo n't break , but their ends will `` curl around '' sticking out enough to be a nuisance.The final verdict
 This is the first time I 've had a stapler for a large number of pages that is a pleasure to use . I really like using it and feel a lot more confident going into production , putting together multiple copies of 50-or-so-page proposals , which is an important duty in my job description actually.Whereas I used to be all nervous lining everything up and removing misaligned staples , I am now the cool one watching music videos and being on time for lunch . You do n't need to position yourself in optimal ways to use this stapler because it truly requires very little force .
 Other than testing this stapler , I 've never had a need to staple 65 sheets together . I actually own a comb-binder for that size of project.But , I tested it that way , and it worked as advertised . Easy to press and staple . Mind you , if you put the wrong staples in it , it wo n't staple that much , but with the right staples , which are marked on the box , it will.What other tests could I put on a stapler ? I do n't do a lot of stapling in general , really -- most of my printing is single-sheet , anything else I usually find that a digital copy is adequate . So , where to go from here?My kids were building a fort out of old boxes , so I helped in construction by stapling two boxes together . Worked perfectly . My 10-year-old was able to staple boxes together with this stapler.So , it stands up to child use in fort construction . Durable and worth a try .
 There are 2 kinds of staples included , one for 30-60 pages and one for up to 30 pages . This is a great tool if you have large stacks since a `` normal '' stapler should be used for small stacks -LRB- staples are too long if stapling just a few pages -RRB- . The two finger operation is just as described , you just need to push with 2 fingers and it 's spring-loaded -LRB- like a compound bow ! -RRB- and it does the job . It 's not quiet though so if you have people around it can startle them .
 I 've had the Staples version of this for perhaps two years and I like it . Though I have n't put these two side-by-side -LRB- this one 's at home , the other at the office -RRB- they seem virtually identical in terms of design and operation . Perhaps side-by-side I would n't think so , but my impression using/examining each at different locations is that they are both made by the same OEM , and the only difference is that the Staples has some of the ` Staples red ' color.The similarity to the Staples version is a positive one , as this one seems to work identically to the Staples , and I think both work well . What 's great about both of them is how little pressure it takes to generate a lot of stapling force . And the handle is very pleasant to use.Incidentally , I 've never tried regular staples in either , just the heavy duty staples . I think that these things would be overkill with regular staples.All in all , at their prices -LRB- low to mid $ 30 's -RRB- I think that these are a great investment . I do n't use mine but twice a week , but I have never once had a problem with them not stapling well , nor have I had a jam .
 For years , I have been frustrated using the same , run of the mill stapler . Every time I would staple something thicker than 10 sheets , I would get bent staples that would n't completely make it through . When I got this stapler , the first thing I did was 50 sheets together and it worked perfectly . It needs very little effort to press it down and none of the stacks I have had to staple together have had bent staples yet . My only problem with this stapler , and it is not much of a problem , is that you need non-standard staples to get through the 65 sheets . Otherwise , I would highly recommend this stapler to anyone .
 Have n't used it much yet , but I 'm definitely impressed so far . The high-capacity staplers I 've used in the past have used large levers , but you still had to press down pretty hard , so doing a lot of stapling got to be a chore . With this one , it 's spring-loaded -LRB- or something -RRB- , so it does n't take much pressure to shoot a staple out , regardless of the number of pages . It 's actually different from other staplers , which you figure out as soon as you need to load staples
 This is by far the best desk stapler I have ever had . It 's easy to load and easy to use . You just have to give it the lightest of touches and it staples multiple pages easily . I have n't had to test the 65 page promise on any heavy paper but I did manage to staple well over 300 glossy magazine pages together with no more effort than 2 sheets would of been . Great size too so it should n't need refilling often.I really would consider this more like a piece of office equipment than the usual off the shelf staplers I have had before and yet for a home stapler this is going to get a lot of use !
 The Paperpro blows away any traditional stapler , with effortless ease in stapling papers . With this model , you can staple together huge amounts of sheets with just two fingers . Try doing that with a regular stapler - you 'll likely hurt your hand and wrist . Repeated use will lead to carpal tunnel syndrome -LRB- tens of thousands of dollars in medical and lost productivity -RRB- . So why skimp out on a stapler , just get this unit and be done with it . Only con is that the unit is top heavy and will fall over easily if you want to keep it in one place . Less of an issue if you just tuck it away inside a drawer each time .
 I have not tested this enough to give it 5 stars , but it looks and acts like a good mid-capacity stapler . See other more thorough reviews for this product.PROs : - Heavy `` cast '' metal and quality plastic components - Can be used as a tacker -LRB- staple gun -RRB- -LRB- but not ideal for this -RRB- OKs : - Throat depth
 I have to admit I was skeptical about this stapler . 65 sheets one handed ? It seemed too good to be true.As I was sorting papers for my taxes , I put all my Eobs for the year in one stack . It came to about 100 pieces of paper . I counted out 65 of them , flattened them as much as I could . The Eobs are fairly thick pieces of paper that have been folded in thirds for mailing to me . So they did not lie completely flat as would 65 new pieces of paper.I put this stack under the stapler , there was plenty of room to line the stack up , and I pushed with my left hand -LRB- I 'm right handed -RRB- . There was no resistance , no feeling that I actually stapled anything , and then I looked . Sure enough the pile was stapled together . I checked the back of the stack and I could tell that I reached the limit of the stapler , as there was very little fold over of the staple . But it did work and the papers did stay together . This stack may come apart.I took the other 35 pages and stapled those . The same feeling of no resistance and thinking it did n't work , produced a perfect result . The staple was though all the pages and plenty of fold over on the staple . This stack will never come apart.I then took a bunch , about 40 pages of discards to be shredded and started to go wild . I put the rest of the staples in the stapler into this stack . Not one misfire or bent staple . They all went in effortlessly and each would have held the whole stack.The stapler is light , nice looking and easy to use . Loading staples is also pretty easy . Just pull it apart , drop them in and close it.The hard plastic outside at first seemed a little cheap , but as I got used to the feel of it , I do n't feel that way anymore.BTW - Do n't use this stapler on a small stack of papers , less than 20 , because the staples are too big and the fold over portion of the staple will stick out.This is a fine stapler and I recommend it .
 Over the past year , I have purchased several makes of the Siemens Gigaset for use both at home and at work . I have used them in a variety of settings including two overlapping bases in the same building . It may be an exaggeration to say that the phone have performed flawlessly , but they are in fact engineering marvels . The features and buttons are laid out nicely . There is a full text menu system with way more features than most people will every figure out how to use . Further , if you buy additional sets you can conference call and intercom between them.The range of the phones is EXCELLENT in a variety of settings . I carry mine out of the house and up to the mailbox . Customer support is EXCELLENT . I called with an operating question and they picked up my call quickly and answered my question quickly , and courteously.I have used a variety of headsets with the phone . It uses a standard 2.5 mm electret headset like nearly every other cell phone and cordless phone on the market . I regularly swap out the headset with whatever I have purchased recently and they all seem to work VERY GOOD.In short , I have been very happy with the performance of all of the units I have purchased . They have exceeded expectations every day and been a joy to use .
 Given its strongly negative reviews , I was pretty sure I 'd get burned by this product . However , I had also heard from a friend that this was the best phone she 'd ever owned . With advice that mirrored the divergent Amazon reviews , I gave in to aesthetic considerations and ordered the phone.The first phone I received performed as indicated in the most negative reviews . There was an obnoxious hiss that made the phone basically unusable . I read and reread the directions looking for a clue . I tried the phone in different settings in my apartment . It was when I took the phone to the woman 's apartment who had recommended it that I realized there was something wrong with the unit itself . In her apartment , my phone had a hiss while hers was perfectly clear.I phoned Amazon . They sent me a new phone . It works perfectly . In fact , this phone works better than I could have hoped . It has an appealingly spare form and an intuitive interface . I have never experienced anything close to the sort of hiss that I heard with the defective unit.In the end , I am very happy with the phone . I have recommend it to friends with the caveat that they return it if they experience any sort of hissing or popping . If the phone is working properly , it will be the best cordless phone you can buy at almost any price.That said , the fact that so many people complain of the same problem suggests some sort of quality control problem . It is unacceptable that Siemens allows defective products to be distributed on such a wide scale . It may have been little more than an annoyance to ship the defective phone back to Amazon , but it was certainly an annoyance that I didn?t need .
 First of all I would like to say that I do n't write reviews very often . But in this case I got striken by the number of the not so positive reviews for 2410 2.4 GHz . I purchased this phone on an online auction for $ 90 . I have used it for week and let me tell you
 I bought this before it was available on Amazon ... It is the most sophisticated , technologically advanced system with amazing clarity . Finally , a small , sleek and smart cordless phone . VTEC 1930 and Sony are not in the same class . Unlike the VTEC , the Gigaset is not heavy , allows a headset , is expandable , can be programmed much better , like a PCS phone , and the party on the other line will not belive you are on a cordless telephone . The Sony I bought has a constant , annoying background noisethat will not dissapear .
 I ordered the phone and then proceeded to read customer reviews ... boy , did I think I made a mistake . But I found that in fact , the 2410 was exactly what I was looking for . It is possible that others have had some problems in the past , but I have absolutely no issues with this product . 5 stars !
 I think this is a phone that you either love or hate . It 's like a high performance sports car that has a few quirks , and it 's not going to please everyone.The reasons I like this phone are :1 . Ultra-cool styling . I bought the white version . It has the look and feel of a modern cellular phone , and I love the fact that there 's no antenna to break off . The handset is very lightweight , and I can talk comfortably on it for a very long time without resorting to a headset .2 . High security . Unlike the Panasonic 2.4 GHz phones , the Siemens ' system is based on a European 1.9 GHz technology called Digital Enhanced Cordless Telecommunications -LRB- DCET -RRB- , which stresses clarity and security over distance . It utilizes true Digital Spread Spectrum -LRB- DSS -RRB- which hops frequencies over 100 times a second . What this means to you is , no one is going to be able to pick up your conversation with a radio scanner , and interference from other phones wo n't be a problem .3 . Ability to add handsets without additional cabling . This is great if you want to add a phone in a room that has no phone jack . Just place a handset there , and you 're done . No wiring to mess with .4 . Gobs of features built in . It has nearly all the features of a cell phone , and then some . These include a phone book , caller ID , handset settings , room monitor , and intercom , just to mention a few . If you 're the type that loves to tinker with things -LRB- like me -RRB- , then you 'll love the programmability of this phone .5 . A usable headset jack . Unlike some phones I 've used in the past , the volume level to the headset is nice and loud so that you can hear your calls clearly . I should mention that while on the headset , all of my calls have sounded just like on a quality corded phone.Now , here are some quirks that I 've noticed in the past couple of months using this phone :1 . I have noticed a slight hiss in the background while using the handset . However , I must point out that the volume of my callers is sufficiently loud to comparatively drown out this noise . I only notice it during moments of silence , and it completely disappears when I use the headset . Still , I feel it 's the best sounding cordless phone I have ever used .2 . Poor battery life with the included NiCads . This problem is easily solved . I replaced the NiCads with two inexpensive NiMH AA batteries , and now the phone lasts for days on standby and hours talking . I recommend that other marathon talkers do the same , and you might even want to power off the phone when you 're not at home to conserve the battery life .3 . Usable range , but not the absolute best I have seen . For all practical purposes , this phone suits me fine . I can take it to my mailbox or the neighbor 's house , but I would n't go much further with it . The Siemens technology sacrifices distance for clarity and security , and I can live with the tradeoff .4 . Relatively pricey . If you do n't need all the fancy features of this phone , there are other good cordless phones available at substantially lower cost . Siemens designed this phone for the high-end market , and it 's priced appropriately .5 . The plastic cover over the digital display is strategically located to smudge the oil from your face . A minor annoyance , but I find myself wiping grease from the display after each call .6 . All numbers dialed during a call remains in the call log . I hate this `` feature '' when I have to make calls where I need to punch in my credit card number , social security number , PIN number , etc. . I do n't want that info to remain on the phone , especially if other people have access to it . I recommend making those calls on a different phone if security is an issue for you , or set a password on the phone.In short , if you 're willing to live with its quirks then you just might fall in love with this phone . However , if you 're looking for a no-frills phone without the bells & whistles , you might want to look elsewhere .
 It is an excellent phone with great reception and durability . The cons are that its not very attractive and the button placements and menus are n't very efficient .
 Easy setup . Used NimH Batteries . The phone works great with outstanding clarity - probably the clearest cordless phone we have every had . We are going to add two more handsets it works so well .
 5 stars based on transmission clarity . comparative assessment based on ma bell standard phones and 900mhz cordless units . this system beats the 900mhz system hands down . have been using base + 1 remote for a week . reception so clear that we have thrown away both our standard and 900mhz phones . will purchase another system for our parents -LRB- and dump their standard + 900mhz units -RRB- . on the surface , these units may seem a bit pricey , e.g. compared with a cell phone ; but , the sound reproduction and clarity is worth it . the other capabilities provided are good ; but , that is incidental . when we call people we wish to communicate with , we can hear their voices with excellent fidelity and clarity -LRB- free of annoying dropouts too ! -RRB- ergo , it works !
 This phone is fantastic . Clear as a bell , works all around the house . The only feature I miss -LRB- from the 900MHz Spread Spectrum it 's replacing -RRB- is the voice mail message waiting notification . I 've read the other reviews , and can only say I 'm in the very positive side . The base is on the 2nd floor with a handset . I 've got another handset on the first floor . No buzz , no hiss , no snap , no crackle and no pop < seriously > . Mine is a re-manufactured unit that supposedly only had the software updated to the latest . It does have features that are NOT in the manual and are contrary to what some other reviewers have said . For example , the caller id DOES show up while the phone is ringing . It has n't missed one yet that I know about . It 's call log is the same as my AT&T caller ID box . You can re-name the base station or handset . You can set it to only go to one base station or try for 2 different base stations , etc. . I do n't know why some folks are having problems with their units , but I 'm not one of them . Great phone , well worth the price .
 I bought the base and an extra handset . The reception was great , it was easy to set up , it generally worked very well . The caller ID does n't pick up many of the numbers . In the end , I had to return it because of one major flaw . It did n't indicate messages waiting for the voice mail . I did n't even think to look for that feature because most of the low end portables have that feature these days . I thought I could live without it , but I have been missing too many voice mails this month so I had to return it . I am so sad because I really loved everything else about the phones . :-LRB- Now I am going to second choice - AT&T Giga system .
 I 've had this phone for over a week now and I 've been really happy with its performance . Unlike other wireless phones , this phone really delivers crisp , clear communications . In fact , I have the base station between a huge computer monitor and a microwave and I still get great call quality . The display is great -- you can correct a mistake in your dialing before you start a call , and the lightweight belt clip is a sinch . Furthermore , I can store numbers in the directory and have them be alphabatized . To top it off , there 's a 2.5 mm headphone jack -- great for use with the Earhugger headsets that Amazon sells . All in all , this phone is quite beautiful -- especially in the one line , one phone use .
 My biggest beef is the availability and expense of additional handsets -- one just is n't enough.It 's light , it 's compact , it 's got a headset jack , the sound is clear , the display is bright , the menus are easy to negotiate , the number storage capacity is large -LRB- I have no idea what the limit is , but I have n't hit it -RRB- , and it has the single best feature I 've found on any phone
 This phone sounds great . For me there is no echo , the range is fine and there is no static . Some others have had issues , I gave it a try and am more than satisfied.I read many reviews for many different cordless phones and came to the conclusion that none of them are perfect . Almost every phone has very positive and very negative reviews . However , this one had the features I was looking for and enough rave reviews to make me go for it . I bought the phone and it works great.I liked the phone so well that I bought the expansion handsets as well .
 Unfortunately , the colors of the handset -LRB- black buttons and grey body -RRB- and the blank base unit face with one button and an unattractive decal make for a bland looking phone . The European Seimens products are much more attractive -LRB- contrasting colors on the handsets and stylish decal-free base sets -RRB- . I decided to get a 2.4 Ghz phone when our old 900 Mhz phone from Southwest Bell could not find an open channel on which to make a call and other times would make horrible noises on the line and lose the call . The Seimens phone does not do these things , which is nice . I like the flexibility of placing additional handsets even where there is no phone jack . The only problems encountered so far is that callers sometimes hear only partially what is being said . When I switch to the other handset , the problem goes away . I switch back to the other handset and there is not a problem . Weird . The people who complain about the static should make sure they are not installing the base unit next to a microwave or cell phone . This is outlined in the manual . Programming the phone is no more difficult than other cordless phones . I still have some trouble understanding the base unit concept which is not explained very well in the manual . I also like the wide range of volume control . Other phones just have two settings for this . You can adjust the tone and pitch and volume of the ring to a variety of combinations . You can also set each handset to its own unique ring . Overall , the quality of the product and the features are worth the price -LRB- even with the bland styling -RRB- . After owning this phone for several years , the display went out on one of the units . Siemens `` customer service '' suggested that I buy a new unit since the cost to repair was more than the replacement unit.What did I do ? I bought an AT&T cordless phone .
 This phone is perfect for the gadget freak like me -LRB- and most of us on Amazon for that matter -RRB- . It has good range , decent audio quality , and a fancy style . The drawbacks are similar to other reviews in that the caller ID is inconsistent and the battery life is poor -LRB- go with the other reviewer who said to buy other batteries -RRB- . I would buy it again because the expansion units you can buy are EXTREMELY handy if you want to place the phone in other areas of the house where you do n't have a phone jack . This feature pratically saved me in my living room with a phone jack that is not anywhere near where I could put a regular phone .
 The phone 's been installed for 4 days now . So far , it 's the best cordless I 've had - including a VTECH and Toshiba . It is very clear and the programming/menu structure is good , granted , not one touch for everything . The reception is also clear ... but i 'll keep my fingers crossed given the other comments . The phone and base also look great .
 Though this item has some detractors , I must say that it has performed flawlessly for me . This is the coolest , clearest , most wonderful phone I 've ever used . It has amazing range , the sound is by far the best of any cordless I 've used , and it was easy to setup . I ca n't recommend this phone enough !
 I was a bit worried about this purchase from some of the reviews I have read . I connected the base , was so impressed that I ran out and bought the handset -LRB- 2400 -RRB- . The sound is crystal clear . The only thing I struggle with is the path to view caller ID . It takes two buttons to get to the ID listing then you can scroll . The intercom feature is great . If you want more than just a phone , I recommend this Siemens system . Looks cool too !
 I 'm on my second Siemens cordless set -LRB- 2 months , upgraded from the 2010 European model -RRB- , and could not be more pleased with the quality of this phone . I honestly can not understand the bad reviews this model has received , and can only assume that perhaps a few lemons were shipped . I purchased an additional handset , which basically set up itself with my existing base . But the 5 stars that I give this product go to voice quality . Absolutely perfect . Could n't be happier . Thank you Siemens !
 This phone replaced a VTech 900MHz model . It was the bestchoice we could have made . The clarity of the transmission is superband the design is very easy to live with . My wife likes the light weight and I like simplicity of the design . You 'd be well served to replace the batteries with NiMH ones . I also like the fact the base does n't have `` rabbit ears '' like the Panasonic . Buy this phone ! END
 ... OK , I am talking about Siemens 242 2.4 GHz Black Cordless Phone with Caller ID by Siemens , which I bought ... First , the sound quality is superior and you can adjust the listen volume while you talk ... Second , the caller id is working good and very easy to call back the number by pressing `` talk '' with the number displaying.Third , the memory can store up to 22 digits of number which is very useful for people using those dial around like 1010345 , 1010220 ... Fourth , it combines the phone cord and power cord . You just need to plug in with a RJ-45 type head , no messy desktop.Fifth , the menu is very easy to navigate , just like a hand phone . I can use it without the manual.The phone looks cool ... but now I think it is a very good phone with -LSB- a good -RSB- price . I have been using Panasonic for a long while , now it is time to change .
 I 've owned several of these phones for over a year . They are expensive and include features that most people probably wo n't use . However , the fact that you can use several phones with one base station is very convenient , especially for those places where a phone jack is not readily available -LRB- the less cords the better -RRB- . You can also use any brand of headphone jack with it.Performance . It works quite well as I have walked over to my mailbox which is about 50 yards without any appreciable decay in sound quality . The belt clip included works well . The only shortfall is that it uses spectrum technology , thus , it echoes . It sounds better than older generation spectrum technology . People on the phone have told me that is sounds like it echoes to them as well.If you do n't need the convenience of not using a phone jack and you do not like the echoing sounds of some cordless phones , I would n't buy it .
 My wife calls me a `` Gadget Man '' ; yes , over the past 20 years I have owned at least 20 cordless phones
 I LOVE this phone . it 's small , light , and cordless . the sound is great , and it has caller ID . when you pick up the phone from the cradle , it automatically turns on ! the only problem is that a -RRB- it is too small to do the no-hands cradle thing -LRB- but I never do that so it 's not a problem -RRB- and b -RRB- it 's not lit up , so you ca n't see the buttons in the dark . i still love this phone and you should buy it!Definitely worth the price !!
 I was looking for a caller-ID , call-waiting capable phone for my new home . Nearly everything I looked at online was very ugly . I was drawn to this phone for its visual appeal , very sleek and European , with no antennas on either the handset or the base . I ordered a refurbished one at a very good price , and it arrived with the look and feel of a brand new product . Although several features are programmable , I was able to start using the phone as soon as the battery was fully charged without programming anything or even looking at the instructions . Programming a choice of ring tones and ring tone volume proved to be very simple ; the range of tones and volumes is limited but sufficient for my needs . Sound quality is very good , in my opinion , although I do hear a modest echo of my voice when I call . I got used to this and forgot about it quickly . The handset is lightweight , and the design has the added advantage that the handset can be placed face -LRB- keyboard and display -RRB- up or down in the cradle , so it 's possible to see what 's on the caller ID display without taking the handset out of the cradle . The only problem I have discovered so far is that the phone does interfere with my wireless internet network , which is a problem that I believe is common to all 2.4 GHz cordless phones in proximity to 802.11 b networks . This is only a problem if I want to phone and surf the net at the same time , which is not often , and at those times I suppose I can just use the corded phone on my desk . Some might find this a sufficient reason not to buy the phone , but I am very pleased with my purchase despite this drawback , and I have not found another cordless phone that has appealing enough looks to find a place in my home . I expect I may buy a second unit and just live with the network interference problem as the price of getting almost everything I want in a cordless phone . *** Update several months later
 I have two of these phones for 8 months now , and it works pretty well ... they 're sleek and look nice , but there are a few complaints ... # 1 , it 's expensive for what you get , but the fact that you can add phones to places which do n't have phone jacks makes them worth it . My main complaint is that it does n't allow things like `` flashing . '' also , my only other complaint is the volume does n't go up very high but overall , I 'm very satisfied . I recommend getting a headset for the phone since it does n't work with the one shoulder thing .
 Words can not express how impressed I am with this phone . My mother order this phone and to my disbelief I was able to hear perfectly clearly without static . We live around trees that are over 100 years old and we do not have proper reception . My mother purchased this phone for her house , we borrowed after i fell in love with the amazing clear reception and the light weight of the cordless phone . We are now order one more for our business line . Also , free shipping we can not say anymore .
 Words can not express how impressed I am with this phone . My mother order this phone and to my disbelief I was able to hear perfectly clearly without static . We live around trees that are over 100 years old and we do not have proper reception . My mother purchased this phone for her house , we borrowed after i fell in love with the amazing clear reception and the light weight of the cordless phone . We are now order one more for our business line . Also , free shipping we can not say anymore .
 We have used this system in our home for 2 years and are very pleased with the performance . I use the intercom system several times a day and it saves many steps . I would never again buy a phone without a headset capability .
 This paper cutter can certainly be used for kraft paper and art paper . . but I bought mine for giftwrapping . I am so happy with it . It 's relatively light weight without the roll of paper on it - but certainly sturdy enough for the pulling you have to do to tear the paper . If I had one complaint , it would be that I hoped for a slightly sharper cutting edge - this one relies on a good firm hold with one hand while tearing with the other . I used it all through this past Christmas season 's wrapping and was so happy to not have to fool around with scissors ! Hope to be using it many years from now !
 Attached this to wall in my Art Studio and purchased some white paper to use . The roll is mounted just at the height of my work table and I can run out whatever length I need , cut it off and recycle after I am done with the project . Works great .
 In a period of three months , I have purchased 4 , yes 4 different cordless phone answering machines , and this Uniden has been the best by far -LRB- my AT&T was the worst -RRB- . The reception on the Uniden is clear , and the voice quality on the digital answering machine is far superior to the other digital answering machines I have had . Unlike my Panasonic which constantly cut off messages early , the Uniden is great at capturing the entire message . My AT&T phone answering machine had no option for turning off the message alert which means any time you turned off the ringer , you could still be woken up or interrupted by the beep of the answering machine telling you there was a new message . The Uniden has the capability to turn this feature on and off . Unlike other phones , the controls on the Uniden are easy to use and I was able to program names and numbers in the phone without using the manual -LRB- a first for me -RRB- . Common controls such as headset volume and ringer on/off are easy to use buttons on the Uniden -LRB- other phones had to be programmed and were very difficult to change -RRB- . The Uniden also displays on its screen information such as ringer status , volume control , caller ID , talk time , etc. . It also has a feature so that the phone automatically answers upon removing it from the receiver instead of having to press to talk button . The factory default is set with this feature off , but it can be easily activated through the menu . The phone has a plug that works well with my headset . It also has a neat feature called `` rocket dial '' which is a button that you program for your most commonly dialed number . Just pickup the phone , press the button , and it dials the number . This particular model cost me -LSB- very little -RSB- and it is better than other models I have purchased for double the price such as Panasonic , GE , AT&T , and V-Tech . I can not believe the number of features they have packed into this high-quality phone at such a bargain price . I will never buy anything else .
 After reading through different user reviews , I found that Uniden had got quite high rating in their cordless phone products . My original cordless phone was 900 MHz -LRB- AT&T -RRB- , it works just fine -LRB- sound quality is not so good -RRB- . I need to purchase another cordless phone with caller ID feature . I 've considered to purchae either 2.4 GHz or 5.8 GHz but eventually I think the sound quality and some basic features -LRB- caller ID , memory function -RRB- are the most important factors . Besides , 2.4 GHz and 5.8 GHz are more expansive than 900 MHz phone set.I 've purchase one -LRB- southwestern bell -RRB- from Ebay and it turned out to be a big mistake -LRB- very poor sound quality -RRB- . I suggest you should purchase cordless phone sets from retailers -LRB- ex . Best Buy or Circuit City -RRB- so that you can exchange for other brand/models if the one you purchased turns out to be a mistake.I 'm very happy with this Uniden phone set , it 's easy to setup and it has all the features that I need . Most important of all , the sound quality is great . I love it so much !! PS . Most new buy phones , you will have to charge them for more than 12 hours before you can verify their function and features but you do not have to wait with this product . As soon as you installed the battery , it 's ready to rock .
 I always liked Panasonic telephones . I bought this for my Mom w / a coupon I got . I ended up keeping it . I own a 2.4 mhz Panasonic that I will put on sale soon . I started using this phone because the Panasonic picks up to much static and interferance . Not this one , it is great and the battery last a very long time . My Mom ended up buying a Uniden to and even after dropping it in the toilet -LRB- a long story , -RRB- the darn thing still works . I use my all over the house and outside , it has an excellent range . I am very happy with it and for the price you pay , it is a great deal !
 If you do n't want to spend a lot of money on a new phone , and do n't have time to go out trying to find one , you may wish to consider this one . Based on previous reviews by others , I purchased this phone and am pleased . I purchased a 2.4 mhz phone and the quality just was n't the same . I 've only experienced a bit of static when moving into our living room - not really sure why - but have n't had any other problems .
 For $ 28 , one does n't actually expect much but this phone is a very pleasant surprise . A lot of features including CallerID , Call Waiting , and a digital answering machine to boot . The sound quality is good within my home - no static , and the distances I travel with it -LRB- about 50 ' away down 2 stories -RRB- does n't create a problem for me.I 've had it for about a week now . No problems so far . My wife reported that I did n't sound as if I were in the bottom of a barrel with this one - unlike other more expensive models I have tried in the past . Incoming volume is fairly good , and crystal clear.The low price should NOT be a reason to look past this model . I have paid more and gotten a lot less . This one is a winner .
 this phone is a great bargin for the money , althought its 900mhz you can still travel a good distance with it before it gets to much static . the answering machine and caller id features are great , however i have yet to figure out how to program numbers into it . the handset volume is very loud which i like !!! i would reccomend this phone to others
 This is my second Uniden cordless phone . The setup is easy and the voice is clear . I am still buying 900Mhz because it is more than enough for me . The phone has many features that are not mentioned on the box -LRB- such a bad marketing -RRB- . It is a very nice phone .
 We recently purchased this phone to replace a more expensive Panasonic model that was n't working well anymore . While the Uniden is definitely a much cheaper-feeling phone than our previous model , it 's surprisingly good for the price paid for it -LRB- $ 25 -RRB- . There are only two minor quibbles that we 've had with it so far , both related to the Caller ID function . First , we live in an area with 10-digit dialing -LRB- 1 + area code before all numbers -RRB- , and the Caller ID only keeps nine digits , making it impossible for us to call someone back using that function . Also , if you store a caller ID number in the phone 's memory , it does n't appear to be possible to edit that number after you 've stored it , even though the manual implies otherwise -LRB- very annoying when all you want to do is add a `` 1 '' at the beginning of the number -RRB- . The sound quality is definitely a little more `` hollow-sounding '' than our previous phone , but it 's still very clear and audible.This is a good phone if you 're looking for a cheap all-in-one phone/answering machine/Caller ID solution , and you do n't have 10-digit dialing in your area . Not too many bells and whistles , and it 's not as fancy as many of the more expensive phones out there , but it 's a good value for the price nonetheless .
 I love my uniden cordless . I have the older model an exa915 . Basically it just does n't have the caller ID display . I 've had it for 5 years and it still works great . There 's even a help button incase you lose the manual and you ca n't remember what the shortcut buttons on the handset do.The absolute only bad thing I have to say about it , is that you can only turn the base ringer off and not the one on the handset . So it will always ring , no matter what . And most people never want to turn it off .
 This is a great phone and inexpensive . The best I ever owned , which is why I have 3 of them .
 It had mixed reviews , but it works great for me .
 I 'm very pleased , nice product at a very attractive price . Plus it has an answering machine build in.Shipping was fast and it was packaged very well .
 I had my phone for over a week now and it is great but when I go to the backyard it is kinda bad . Because the help booklet said it is the applinces . I ` am not even in the backyard the called id and all the other stuff works great . I was a little confused to check your messages from a different location . My old phone was pound 99 . But this one is 099 . You can set your own code . I love this phone !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I shopped around for a low-cost cordless phone for weeks . This was the third unit I actually bought and brought home to try . It is a great unit ! It the features I needed
 I have had nothing but trouble with cordless phones , and my expectations with this phone were low , however I was very pleasantly surprised.I was looking for a cordless phone with caller ID and voicemail indicator , both features on this phone . The phone also has lots of other feathure that are pretty handy , like rocket dial.The price for this phone is less than I have spent on other phones of much lower quality . The sound is clear , and operation is fairly straightforward . I can not imagine how you could do better for the price .
 I think this phone is the best that could be had . Limited as far as bells and whistles , but it has caller ID and call waiting , and a 20 number memory . Sound quality is as good as my Panasonic and other Uniden , and much better than the Sony that cost 3 times as much and ended up in the trash . It ranges all over the house . The only reason it only gets four stars is because the keypad is n't lit . For a lit keypad I might step up to the 5260 for the next phone .
 After about two months of using this phone ... The good : ? Handset is lightweight , comfortable to hold . ? Five ring options available -LRB- 2 ringer tones at 2 volume levels , plus `` off '' -RRB- . ? Easy to program the speed dials !? Dial any number on caller ID with one touch . ? Rocket dial - a special `` speed dial '' that you use often , such as calling your voice mail inbox . Particularly nice is the option to program a `` pause '' between strings of numbers , which may be necessary when navigating through menu options . ? Easy ear volume control ? Time length of last phone conversation displayed -LRB- but disappears a few seconds after hanging up -RRB- ? Looks good ? Normally great reception all over the house , even downstairs , except ... The bad : ? Occasionally , when in one spot in our living room , we hear a tic . . tic . . tic . Some sort of interference , but not sure what since there are no electronics or other obvious objects in our living room that would cause this.My recommendation
 This is worth every penny ... Great range , excellent clarity , and easy to use . For maximum use , let phone charge for 24 hours before initial useage .
 I have this phone for about one month now and am very pleased with it . It has nice features and works very well . You can not use the handset when the speakerphone is on unless the handset is off the base . On occasion , I find that the recorded messages are unclear . Overall , the phone is great !
 First , the best thing about this phone is that it comes in white ! ** Phone
 I bought this phone after reading the other great reviews here . It has several functions that our last , very expensive , cordless phone/answering system did not . Our last phone also beeped very annoyingly if you had a message , with no options to turn adjust their volume . The Uniden model simply flashes the number of messages you have . It 's the little things like this that help make a home office sane . The only complaint I have so far is that neither our old phone , or the Uniden come with a Mute button . Again , a near necessity when working from a home office . All in all though , the price is great and the phone is clear and loaded with other options .
 This phone is pretty good except for the battery life . I 've had mine for eight months , and it seems as though I have to continuously recharge the handset more frequently . I also wish there was a jack for a headset piece .
 I would like to make a correction about a design flaw that I mentioned in my review on the Uniden EXAI7980 telephone -LRB- see my Dec. 27 , 2000 review for details -RRB- . Apparently , there is , in fact , some sort of message-saving mechanism built inside the phone , even though there is no reference of it anywhere in the manual . I just recently found that out when I purposely disconnected the power cord after receiving a message . So , I would like to make it clear that no messages will be lost when using this phone . Because of this `` revelation '' , I now believe that this is definitely a great all-in-one telephone for just about anyone . And I am giving it a five-star rating instead .
 I was a little wary about this phone at first but once I set it up , everything worked perfectly . The answering machine is simple to use and with no tapes to bother with and 15 minutes recording time , I could n't be happier . The quality of sound is fairly good to , although it is n't excellent everything is clear and coherent . The range of the phone is excellent too ; I was able to go outside with the phone to my backyard but this may vary depending on where you live and your surroundings . The buttons are easy to see and the phone feels good in your hand as well . A belt clip that is included makes me easy to carry the phone with you , freeing your hands up to do other things . I recommend charging the phone for at least 15 hours , as Uniden states , or else the phone will not operate correctly . It 's a long wait but once it is properly set up , which , btw , is very simple to do , this phone will be a valuable asset to your home .
 This really a great phone ! I have had it about a month now and it is terrific ! Has great clarity , range , and ease of use . The answering machine and caller ID work great ... no complaints whatsoever ! The only thing that kept me from giving it a 5 star rating was it is n't offered in white , which would have gone better with our decor .
 This phone was everything I was looking for and more . LCD lights up when activated . Memory store is great - bring up the number and press TALK . Same with Caller ID info . No more dialing frequently used numbers . Bonus option was headset plug in and clip for waistband . Talk handsfree ! A great phone for the price .
 After shopping and even purchasing and returning an AT&T , I have found this phone to be quite adequate to say the least ! The features are great . The answer machine part is excellent ! and the phone does have pretty good range . I like it !
 I 've had this phone/anwering system for quite a while now and it has not disappointed me at all.In my opinion , the highlights are : - Toll saver -LRB- the answering machine answers on 3 rings when there are messages , in 4 or more when there are no messages -RRB- - You can listen to your messages remotely , using a password - Pager button to locate a misplaced handset using a loud beep - Digital message recording - No tapes or rewinds necessary - Enough message storage capacity - I have never ran out of space for messages - Caller ID - Loudness settings - Different ring types available - You can connect headphones to the handset - Speaker phone capabilities - Easy to configure date/time settings - Display the minutes used in most recent call - Easy to obtain replacement handset batteries in any Radio Shack Store -LRB- Cat No. 23-193 , Ni-Cd 3.6 V 700mAh -RRB- Quirks : - Sometimes the answering system does n't stop recording after you pick up the handset . It records the whole conversation up to the time limit preset . There is no specific condition that triggers this -LRB- total mistery -RRB- - Sometimes the handset does n't start recharging after placing it on the base . You need to jiggle the handset a bit to make it rechargeNotes : As with any electrical device , the phone stops working when there 's a power outage . Always keep a standard phone available in another extension just in case , unless you connect the Uniden phone to a UPS -LRB- as I do -RRB- There are currently more `` technologically advanced '' phones on the market , but this `` old '' guy compares favorably with many of them and it is more affordable.Best phone I ever had .100 % Recommended . -
 THIS CORDLESS IS MUCH BETTER THAN I EXPECTED . FEATURES , CLARITY AND CONVENIENCE ARE GREAT . THE ONLY DOWNER , AT LEAST FOR ME , IS THE DISPLAY . IT IS VERY DIFFICULT TO READ . OTHER THAN THAT , I WOULD HIGHLY RECOMMEND IT .
 This phone is the best thing I have ever used ! The features are great and it is very easy to use . Even a monkey can use it ! Do some research on the price though . I found it for seventy nine dollars online then went to my local Wal-Mart and bought it for fifty nine ! What a deal ! I do recomend it to anyone that likes to talk and listen.Wahoo !
 I 've read all the reports on this phone before I bought it . I 've owned Uniden phones before too . This one for the price is the best I 've found anyware . The sound is clear and crisp . The caller ID feature has many options to it also that dont appear here in the add . Maybe the only drawback is the sound quality of the answering machine . It 's a little muffled , but easy to understand who called . My last Uniden was 39 $ and lasted for over 3 years with the factory battery . I got feeling this Unidenwill last as long also . GREAT PHONE at a GREAT PRICE !
 The sound quality of this phone is excellent IF you take the time to charge the battery a full 24 hrs . prior to its first use . I did so and have had no problems whatsoever . Friends of mine have bought 2.4 GHZ phones and I can not honestly tell a difference in sound quality between the two . Handset is very durable and base set has every function people actually use and is so easy to use my grandmother could figure it out -LRB- literally ! -RRB- If there is a drawback , I 'd say it is the small caller ID window on the handset . . but I soon got used to it . I 've bought 4 other cordless phones with similar features and paid a lot more than I did for this one . . it is clearly a keeper !
 I 've had this phone for a year in my dorm room , and it has been wonderful . It 's been dropped several times -LRB- and it still works fine -RRB- , so it 's durable . The reception is perfect unless you have a castle wall between the phone and receiver - I 've used it two floors below me before without any interference . The answering machine is digital and easy to use . The clarity of the answering machine is completely adaquate and I would n't expect more for the price . However , if this could be improved , it would be a big bonus . It flashes the number of messages on it when you have a new message . The phone also has a nice feature in which you hit a button and record a message - great for leaving messages -LRB- no more stickies -RRB- for my roommate . I give it 5 stars for its value .
 Being a review junkie , I searched hi and lo for the best cordless phone/answering machine I could find . After picking up a Consumer Reports mag . that rated it the best , I decided to buy it ... I have never been happier !!! The one thing that is peculiar is the answering machine ... When leaving an out going message dont speak into it from the top as it will cause the message to sound muffled ... Pick the unit up and speak into it with the unit horizontal ... This will solve that little prob ... The sound is crystal clear and the features are superb ... All I can say is this Uniden is an excellent product at an excellent price ... What more could a consumer ask for !!!!
 I have owned this model for close to a year now . I am very picky when it comes to sound quality and did my research before I got this phone and absolutely LOVE IT !! Digital transmission in my opinion sometimes makes the call sound choppy , so I went with 900 Mhz Analog which is this model , excellent sound and no interference from other peoples cordless phones . The battery time is excellent , about a week I think . The display is nice because you can auto-redial any of the last 30 callers . But what has saved me the most about this phone is the durability , I have dropped this thing more times than I can count and even spilled a drink on it or right next to it , and it keeps working just like new !!
 I just recently purchased a Uniden EXAI7980 telephone . And at about US$ 70 , it 's got a lot of very nice features . It is a charcoal-gray 900 Mhz cordless phone with integrated answering machine , speakerphone and caller ID . The sound quality is excellent . It is clear and loud with no interference at any range . I especially like the adjustable volume control that would n't default back when you hang up -LRB- unlike my last phone -RRB- . The only major complaint that I have about this phone is that there is no battery backup for recorded messages . And that , I feel , is quite unacceptable , considering all of today 's telephones with integrated answering machine have some sort of battery backup . So , if there is ever a power outage , you will definitely lose all of your previously recorded messages . If either you work from a home-office or this will be your only answering machine , then I strongly would n't recommend this . Otherwise , if you can overlook this design flaw , then this is a great all-in-one telephone for anyone who does n't rely heavily on its answering machine capabilities .
 Its a pretty good phone for the price but the playback of messages are very poor and hard to understand . Reception is decent .
 Our family and friends say that it sounds as if we are on a corded phone . It does ' t have that `` tinny '' or `` cave echo '' or `` distant '' sound to it . And to top it off even the hands free base set sounds as good . It allows our whole family to be on the phone at once . The features are very impressive . There are more choices than I could even imagine or request for a phone . And they all work great ! The only feature -LRB- out of the dozens -RRB- that I 'm disappointed in is the message recorder . It is digital and when you listen to your messages that you have recieved , they sound a bit like robots . Next time I would probably go with the same model without the message recorder .
 I was looking to replace a cordless phone with caller id and a seperate old answering machine - this unit has the best of both . It took me a few days to get used to the caller id display - the text on it is quite smaller than on my previous unit and most other displays , however the smaller text allows for the entire date/time , full name and number to all be displayed at once , a very nice feature . Sound quality on the phone is excellent , no breaking up . The answering machine seems to work great too , lots of options and featres only found on more expensive models . A sure bet for a great caller id cordless with answering machine .
 This phone is great . Plenty of features and extreme voice clarity . It 'd be hard for any phone to beat this one . I highly recommend it .
 I absollutely love this phone . Love it so much , that I bought 4 of them just in case one of them dies and tehy have quit making it . Had another similar phone that I liked a little better -LRB- AT&T -RRB- but it died and it was more than twice as much . The feature it had that Uniden does n't is that it actually spoke and told you who was calling in your own voice .
 Checkers loves this phone . She plays the messages back frequently . She ezpecially likes the deep , authoritative default message voice
 I am very , very pleased with Uniden 's telephone . It has great sound quality , is very easy to use -LRB- no overly complicated features -RRB- , is stylish and beats any other brand I have owned in terms of reliability.I would recommend Uniden to anyone who wants to be a wise electronics shopper .
 I first bought a Uniden phone about 30 years ago . For about $ 109 dollars at the time , it was a lot . I was , and am still glad I bought it . Bought another when it finally died , -LRB- after countless drops over the years . . -RRB- maybe after 12-15 years . Have had another good uniden that again lasted 10 -12 years . Only reason I stopped using it was upgrade to new features . We now have a Uniden multi phone system model # 9488 . All these models have felt to be quality made , with thought in mind for features , ease of use , tactile fit and feel to your hands , and good voice quality . . I have window shopped a little in stores , and it seems like not all models are ones I 'd go for . This one I 'd recommend .
 I have had this phone for years , it is amazing , i never even changed the battery after all this time ... it 's been , dropped , rained on , etc. . . i highly recommend it . every aspect of it is great .
 After the rave reviews all over the web I decided to go for this one and I 'm not disappointed at all . Good quality and range , lots of features AND easy to use , sturdy and dependable . Voice mail quality is less than perfect , but still intelligible . You get a lot of bang for your buck on this one !
 I 've had this phone for about a week now and am more or less pleased with it . It has a lot of great features for the price . My only wish is that the handset had a speakerphone -LRB- my old Uniden phone did -RRB- . I ca n't seem to access the speaker phone while the handset is sitting in the base either . Other than that , it 's well worth the price .
 My friend gave this phone to me as a gift . I am so impressed with this phone that I have to write so others will know . The sound is crystal clear ! Good battery life and lots of features . Get this phone ! And yes , get over Sonny ! sonny phones suck -LRB- although their stereos are good . -RRB-
 I purchased this phone over a year ago , to replace a SW Bell phone that never worked properly , and highly recommend it for home use . I have successfully recommended this phone to my best friend and my parents and have n't heard any complaints from them . I 've left the receiver off of the charging base for over 2 days and did n't have any problems making or receiving calls before fully recharging the phone . If you like the convenience of having a cordless phone , Caller ID and answering machine all in one unit AND at a reasonable price ... this is the product I recommend !
 I like this phone but I had to buy a head phones for it because of its design I kept hanging off on people if I wanted to hold it with my head . The other feature that is very inconvenient is that it only has space for 10 numbers to store in its memory . Other wise it works great . I like it for the most part .
 I like this item overall but , if you use the telephone w/out a headset , it 's not very comfortable on your ear . Otherwise , I 'm happy w / the answering machine , etc. .
 I was having battery trouble with mine after 2 years as well , but that 's to be expected . I bought a new battery for about $ 12 and it works great and has n't died on me yet , even after hours on the phone.It has great reception for the price !
 After 3 months , we are delighted with the 7980 . Speaker is great . Good handset reception . This is a best buy .
 Before AT&T phones became shoddy , I would have said they were the best on the market , but now , after trying dozens of different models of cordless phones , I finally found one that is just as good as the old AT&T 's . I did go through a battery after about 2 years , but that is the least thing that could happen . Has all the bells and whistles for a great price . Sound is excellent , and the volume of rings , voice , and answering machine can be adjusted . Recommend it highly .
 I had owned a V-Tech phone and when it needed a new battery I wanted to purchase a new one . The phone was n't being made anymore and all of the parts were being discontinued . I decided to buy a new phone , being this one . This phone is super easy to install . Just put the battery in the receiver and plug the phone into a power outlet . Let the phone charge overnight and the next morning you can plug the phone into the jack and you have a brand new V - Tech telephone.The quality , as with all V - Tech phones , can not be beat . You hear the other party over this phone crisp clear and the quality that went into the making of this telephone shows . This cordless phone is ideal for an extra phone around your house . It is affordable and the quality can not be beat . This is a telephone that will last for many years . I highly recommend this telephone to anybody that is in need of a great phone .
 The calculator works great , a little worn from use with scratches on the cover and a dark spot on the screen but these issues do not effect the function .
 I order the Texas instrument TI-83 plus graphing calculator from amazon.com and it turn out to be everything I read it would be . I love amazon.com and would not hesitate to order from them again .
 It 's very good . The calculus is still very new even though it 's used . I bought it in a good price , and help me save a lot money
 Nice and works perfectly . Did n't take long for my order to arrive . I ordered it for my daughter who 's in 6th grade and could n't afford to pay full price .
 Great customer service excellent feedback giving Excellent info and price really great product and turn around time thanks for the great help
 The calculator worked fine , clean , no scratches . It was delivered in a timely manner . My daughter is , happy and I took back the 120 $ ti-83 to Best buy
 This is a great calculator , it does almost everything a calculator should do , albeit without pulling integrals or differentiation . however , its readability is a bit bad
 this was a good investment i made in regards to using it for business stats . it definitely makes everything as far as calculations easier .
 i had bought this for my stats class and its the by far the best calculator you could ever buy and it can literaly do everything you would ever want it to do . the price was great on amazon and i would recomend it for everyone i can guerrentee that you will never have to buy another calculator ever again !
 Nice product , came in perfect condition and sooner then time promised . Calculator was fairly easy to figure out with booklet that came with it . However a tutorial dvd or you tube is needed to understand more involved problems . Basic graphing and algebra is easy to do with the booklet that came with it .
 Sweet !!! TOOK TO LONG BUT GOOD DEAL . THANKS . WHAT WOULD I DO WITHOUT YOU . wHATS UP WITH THAT . ? GO AMAZON , YEAH !
 works almost perfectly . made it super easy to solve equations , worked great for the class i was in . easy to use and read . overall happy with my purchase .
 I 'm happy with TI-83 plus . I got it on time and it 's working really well . I rated this purchase with 5 stars .
 This was a decently priced calculator and it was in great condition ! It works very well and it looks like new ! I needed this calculator for my college class , and it has come in handy
 I purchased this calculator for my son who just started high school . It came with batteries , and the cd just as it said . It was in pretty good condition and I was satisfied with this purchase . I would buy from this seller again in the future.Thank you!K . Newman
 I should have given a higher rating the first time , because my son has n't complained and said it 's great . I bought this item for my son and so far , so good . So that 's a good thing .
 Great product ! Everything we expected and more . Purchased for my son in high school . Saved a ton of money purchasing through Amazon and for the money this has been a great product .
 I found this graphing calculator for a pretty cheap price and it works just like new ! It arrived quickly and I have had no problems with it so far . It even came with batteries ! I was so stoked ! I really could n't be more satisfied !
 i bought it for my daughter to use in her math class in high school . i only need to get an instruction manual now to understand the functions we dont understand . all in all , it was a good purchase .
 This product was exactly what I needed for class , and operated like new . Fast shipment , easy payment , great experience I would do it again in a heartbeat .
 I got this calculator at the beginning of my 8th grade year . It is so great . My friend got an 86 , and my other friend got a 48G . As a result I have tried these 3 calcs . I understand that in the $ 80 - $ 130 range of calculators is that you want the calculator that is going to offer you the most amount of games . Well , this is the best even for that . My friend got some advanced games for his TI-86 but it is a really annoying process programming with them . -LRB- Menu-Based -RRB- You can simply type one button from memory and get a command . Whereas with the 86 and up they all have the several button combinations and you have to choose an M key or something to the tone of that . My other friend with the 48G was insulting the the TI about its easy specs and that he knows a guy that was a valadictorian that used the 48g . Just because you have a calculator with a faulty infrared link does not mean you have a great calc . Last my other friend uses the CASIO with the four colors . He was saying how it is SO great . -LRB- he thinks that color makes a calc . Hello ! i.e. Palm is black and white but all the other PDAs with color are considered not nearly as realiable , and good . -RRB- Anyways my last friend that is not exactly the math genius was backing up his calculator . `` Oh , Color is SOOO cool '' Anyways who needs color with a calculator ? Oh well . I believe that after trying four different calcs in this price range , I definitly believe that this is the best buy . I had one for a year and a half til it was stolen and plan on buying the 83 + . I am now in the 10th grade and I found it to be the most useful tool and it is really enjoyable to have games . The graph link is great too . You can buy it with the 83 and buy a updated calc and still use the graph link !
 works well . Has multi functions on same buttons.Meets school requirements .
 packaged well , product was in condition as described , fast shipping !
 I just purchased the TI-83 Silver Edition , but I bought it used , so there 's no manual . How do I get to the games ?
 This Calculator is the best there is cause you can do Arithemitics , graph , Angles , Geometry , ... -LRB- I could go on forever , so I stopped . -RRB- You can even play games on it !!!!! ... Get this for school !
 I appreciated the way the seller packed the calculator and it came to my house quickly . It saved my a lot of money compared to a new one . I would recommend this seller to anyone . Thank you
 I purchased this calculator for a college class and had a little trouble getting used to it . The calculator itself was very nice , but needed some more help with effectively using it .
 This calculator is great . It has all the features I needed for my Statisics class . Great Buy !! Toya
 The TI graphing calculator was delivered in a very timely manner and without a problem . Price was very competitive .
 Great Calculator . Wanted the TI-86 but am too poor . If you are looking for a graphing calculator then TI is the way to go . If you can afford it go with a TI-84 or higher as they offer better pug options for overhead projection , usb , etc. .
 this calculator is everything i needed and a respectable brand . i would recommend this product to anyone looking for a graphing calculator .
 This calculator is very well put together and very sturdy . The design is also easy to use and the buttons easy to press . The calculator performs all of it 's functions correctly with only a couple of hookups that are usually a result of complicated mathematics . Overall this calculator lives up to the reason that schools and others alike put their trust in this machinery .
 I priced this calculator as high as $ 60.00 new . At AMAZON I got it new with shipping for $ 34.00 . The calculator is great quality , great valueI am very satisfied
 Good product , used it for years . Basic functions are solid . Good for statistics , mediocre for graphing .
 Good price -LRB- as always -RRB- . My wife uses this for her Statistics class , and has no trouble at all . The buttons are all easy to read and the layout is pretty straight forward .
 An advanced calculator that is user friendly , does amazing tricks and comes up for more .
 This is a very nice , useful tool . I would recommend it to anyone taking courses in Math , Physics , Chemistry or Statistics
 I had to return this item -LRB- turns out that I did n't need it after all -RRB- , and the customer service rep at Buy Accessories was extremely responsive and helpful .
 these calculators are very handy and easy to use . the Plus version has a few added features that make it even easier to use .
 This is a perfect middle of the road graphing calculator for my high school son . It has all the features needed without being too expensive .
 i had one since 7th grade -LSB- i 'm a sophomore in college now -RSB- and it worked until my freshmen year -LSB- college -RSB- . i think i dropped something on the screen ... but if i did n't drop it on the screen , it would still be working.GREAT ! product . -LSB- i personally think you should SAVE money and just get an 83 .
 If you are a high school student , then this calculator is for you . It has everything you need , for algebra , precalculus , and calculus . The good thing about the 83 + is that it is upgradable , so the need for a new calculator does n't arise , every few years . Purchasing a graph-link can add on a TREMENDOUS amount of programs to use for Physics , Geometry , and even 3D-Graphs , -LRB- previously only on the ti-89 and up -RRB- . If you are in High School , do NOT get the ti-92 or ti-89 , because they will probably be banned from standardized tests , and high math classes , so ask your math teacher , because they are too hard to use and understand . Also , these 2 calculators are aimed for more college-level students , so if you are in college , try the ti-89 . But in every case , a ti-83 + is ideal !
 Texas Instruments produces some of the most popular and well known graphing calculators in the industry . The TI-83 plus can do most any math problem found in Algebra I , Geometry , and even some Algebra II/Trigonometry . The wide screen allows for graphing equations and multi-line functions.The graphing capabilities of the TI-83 + are a superb choice for Algebra I classes . The ability to automatically find intersections and a variety of other important components of a graph are only key presses away.The calculator has a powerful matrix editor allowing for easy multiplication , addition , and subtraction of matrices . Division of matrices is not possible . The list editor allows for statistical analysis of data both numerically and graphically . Graphically , the 83 + can plot data in several different formats.Anyone who is familiar with the BASIC computer language can program the TI-83 + with ease . The calculator supports the use of almost every function through a program . Programs can be typed directly into the calculator , or on a computer . The TI-83 + also supports a special form of programs called Flash Applications . Flash Applications are generally quite complex , and are written in a special language on the computer.The manual included with the calculator is superb . It goes into detail on every single option the calculator supports . Every section includes a Quick Start tutorial that provides an practical example covering many of the chapter 's topics . Learning to program in TI-BASIC , the programming language of the calculator is possible through reading the entire manual and following the examples.The TI Graph Link cable is the interface between a computer -LRB- PC or Mac -RRB- and any TI Calculator with a link port . It comes in several variations depending on what kind of computer it will be hooked to . The cable is not included with the calculator , but can be purchased as an option . The TI-83 + Silver Edition includes a Black Link cable for Windows PCs.When the TI-83 + is outgrown , upgrading the TI-89 will require little work for anyone who has gained experience with TI 's entry level graphing calculator . The TI-89 has the capability to do Calculus and 3-Dimensional graphs primarily.Overall , the 83 + is an excellent choice for anyone taking an Algebra course or any math class above that . The calculator does basic arithmetic , graphic , statistics , matrices , and a variety of other mathematical operations .
 Why would I want a TI 83 you may ask ? What about the 89 ? It 's a higher model , and has more buttons ! Yes , that 's exactly it , it has more buttons , and way to many features you wo n't use . I have a Ti 83 + -LRB- More memory than the origional , but same everything else -RRB- and it is great ! It has built in Financial Apps , which is a nice addition -LRB- and helpful ! -RRB- compared to the 82 -LRB- which it is also compatible with ! -RRB- . But the 89 ? Even the 85 ? They take greater than calculus students to even need/use those functions , and they are a much harder to learn calculator . The Calculus teacher at our school says that the 83 will get you all through calculus and most likely beyond college . My calculator , which is really easy to learn , came in handy the first day in Geometry . We had to figure an area of a wierd shape and we only had the co-ordinates , i punched them in , and POW , found the area . If you do get this calculator , a TI-Graph Link is a must , this allows you to download software and updates from TIs website , some software could almost be considered cheating , while others can be games for fun . Unless you want to spend $ 200 for a TI-92 + -LRB- not even allowed by most teachers , it 's so powerful -RRB- , this is THE calculator for you !
 The calculator is fine for school use , up through college as long as you 're not majoring in math , physics , or something that motivates a top level device -LRB- such as the HP4 * or TI89 -RRB- . One major benefit with the 83 + is that it 's so common that most teachers know how to use it , many classmates will too , and there is tons of apps and info about it online.However , this is n't really why I 'm writing here . I want you all to take a good look at many of the reviews . Especially the five-star ones that say `` this is the only calculator you 'll ever need !!! '' , `` buy now before it gets too expensive !! '' , `` the Ti83 + is everything you 'll ever need and more !! '' Notice how they are all from anonymous posters , correctly spelled -LRB- a dead giveaway -RRB- and well articulated ? I swear it breaks my heart that these type of reviews from `` users '' ca n't be trusted anymore . It 's a fact that resellers and manufacturers actually pay people to write up their products on web boards and commerce sites such as Amazon.Don ' t trust the ratings or the reviews here . For a proper evaluation , look at the technical magazines that review gadgets , and talk to teachers and classmates instead .
 I do n't recommend spending $ 100 on a calculator if you do n't really need it . Being a college student taking a Statistics class , I was forced to buy the TI-83 . I am very happy with it and the various things you can do with it . If you do buy the TI-83 -LRB- which I recommend -RRB- , you should definitely purchase the Graph-Link cable to go along with it . The cable allows you to download various programs and even some cool games from the Internet .
 I bought the TI-83 PLUS during my high school freshmen year . I bought it because we needed for Geometry . As a sophmore , I found this calculator to be a very useful tool as I continue to use it ! I use it for algebra II AND chemistry -- plus , like they said , it 's upgradable . Of course , I do n't know ALL the functions of this calculator , but it 's very useful nevertheless . It has a great keypad , a ton of functions , and it 's easy to change modes . The TI-83 PLUS is incomparable to an ordinary scientific calculator -- it is SO much more ! I think the TI-83 PLUS is the best buy , since it 's upgradable and all . It 's better than the the regular TI-83 and a better buy -LRB- since it 's only a few bucks more -RRB- . Even the overall look of it is different -- The TI-83 PLUS is pretty slim , in my opinion and its screen is better than the TI-83 screen . Overall , this is one of the best graphing calculators out there !
 I 've been using a TI-83 + for about five years . They are solid calculators with an easy-to-understand programming language . They have almost every function you need and are great for just about anything you do in high school.However , a lot of reviews are ruling out the TI-89 , saying it 's hard to understand or it has functions you do n't need in high school . However , the TI-89 should n't be entirely written off for high school math because 1 -RRB- it can factor for you 2 -RRB- it can solve equations for you 3 -RRB- it can calculate derivatives and definite integrals . It can also express things in terms of `` x '' which the TI-83 + can not . It 's also a lot easier to understand , but it is very different from a TI-83 + , so it 's mostly just unfamiliar to users of the TI-83 + . The TI-84 and its various incarnations have become more popular for some reason . The main differences are that the TI-84 has between 2 and 3 times the processing speed of the TI-83 + and has a lot more memory . Those two attributes are only useful if you do a lot of programming , and for me the TI-83 + works just fine . The other differences are mostly cosmetic - the TI-84 looks cooler , the interface is cleaned up a little , the buttons are in curved lines rather than straight ones -LRB- something I actually find very annoying -RRB- . However , the two calculators are basically the same in terms of functionality , so it 's up to you . I prefer the TI-83 + myself.If you 're considering buying a graphing calculator or a scientific calculator , buy the graphing calculator . It 's a lot easier to use and the large screen means you can see past entries really easily . Plus , it 's a lot easier to store multiple values.Anyway , I hope you do the right thing and get your hands on this calculator !
 If you 're in high school or even first-year college classes doing Calculus , Pre-Calculus , or any other form of heavily analytical-based mathematics , this calculator is a spectacular value . It 's great for anyone who needs to see how graphs demonstrate specific mathematical functions and scientific corellations . It 's quick with what it does , provides great accuracy in extremely small functions , and is a great learning tool overall.However , I would not suggest getting this for a high school freshman . Yeah , it 's nice to save money by not having to buy two calculators , but most frosh are taking math that does n't require a graphing utility . In fact , my freshman math teachers forbade the use of graphing calculators , because the type of math we learned was about the UNDERSTANDING of a graph , not about how the graph actually functioned or appeared for a more complex mathematics function . Therefore , I would say hold off on this calculator until pre-calculus or calculus -LRB- 10th , 11th , 12th , college years ... -RRB- The calculator has been subjected to all sorts of abuse and has survived it very well , protected by a plastic shell -LRB- included -RRB- when not in use . The little rubber feeties on the base fell off , but I did n't miss them anyway . -LRB- No , it wont scratch surfaces unless you use the calculator for a handsaw . -RRB- The keys are sensitive and easy to clean , and the monitor is easy to read . It also manages batteries extremely well . I only changed them twice in a 21/2 yr period of time , even though it was used every day.The ability to store formulae and other functions to call up during classtime/exams is a great help , furthermore . What a great little piece of equipment . : -RRB-
 Has been a great workhorse calculator but get the TI-83 PLUS instead as it has the new APPS button -LRB- applications -RRB- .
 I have had my TI-83 + for a while now , and I 've never had any problems with it . It is fast enough for Algebra , and also has many good third party applications , including a 3D Graphing program that allows it to graph even faster than a TI-89 ! This is a superb calculator , and is one of the best I 've used .
 The TI-83 Plus is the best calculator . It has an equation solver , so you never have to write them down again . Plus it has 160k for Archive space , leaving a whole lot of room for groups and applications . You van also have progams and pics , and GAMES too . You can buy headphones at for the calc , the buy a audio application , and put MUSIC on your calc , ie . mp3 , wav and wma . -LRB- MP3 take up the least space !! -RRB- You can use the calc for Agebra , Trig , Calculis , Enginering and much more !! You got ta get this calculator ! This clac is the best !!
 I got this at the beggining of my 7th grade year and it was kinda intimidating at first but now it comes in handy during those horribble pop quizzes . I don ; t play around with it alot but it is about everything you could want in a calculator . It is about the best graphing calculator you can get for this price !
 Unless you 're in a very high level college math , this graphing calculator will be able to handle just about anything you can throw at it . For any high schooler or non-math major , this is all you need . It 's easy to use , durable , and has a fantastic battery life . It ca n't do any crazy simulations -LRB- like the TI-89 -RRB- , but most classes wo n't allow calculators that do things like that anyway.Between this and the TI-84 , get this . Its cheaper and it will have everything you need , I promise .
 I bought TI83 calculator roughly 8 years ago and I am still using it . I have had no problems with calculator except the outward damages caused in the backpack . The battery lasts so much longer than TI82 . I think I change the battery once in a year or so in spite of my frequent use . It graphs well and has lots of function . Sure I hear TI89 has so much cooler functions such as solving the integrals for you , but this calculator is quite decent for students . I do n't think you need that kind of fancy calculator because with TI 83 , you can solve math , physics , chemistry problems and may help you not being too dependent on calculator . Also why pay more ? 83 is definitely helpful for students ' budget rather than spending 160dollars plus tax . -LRB- Who agrees with me that the tuition in college is rising too high ? -RRB- Anyway , I am impressed with this calculator 's long duration and I think I can use this at least 5 more years . I do n't think my computers will last that long . : P
 Though I own the normal TI-83 , I have had the opportunity to use the Plus at school , and I was very impressed . The buttons are easier to push , and the display is sharper . If I could go back in time and buy this calc for the few extra dollars , I would do it in a flash .
 The calculator arrived sooner than I expected and it is like new . Thank you !
 Ordered on a Saturday ... received on Monday . Ca n't get much faster than that . Product exactly as advertised . Would deal with this seller again in a heartbeat . Highly recommended .
 This is the exact calculator my daughter needed for math . It came quickly and in the ` like new ' condition that was expected . It is working perfectly .
 The calculator was in excellent condition just like the seller said and the delivery was very fast , way before the estimated arrival day they give you . The calculator even came with the original manual which I thought it was very good . I was very happy with the service and I would gladly buy from this seller again . Thank you !
 i recommend getting a manual ... b ` cuz i bought one , without the manual , and i definitely do n't know how to use it ... so i suggest u get a manual unless you are a geek ! -LRB- unless i am too dummy =-RRB- -RRB-
 The seller was very quick to answer my questions and gave me a refund in full ! Thanks !
 Complicated but came with a very large instructional book . Does more than we know as yet .
 I purchased this calculator for my son for his 9th grade honors math class . I would highly recommend the TI-83 calculator for high school students . This calculator has more than met his classroom and testing needs .
 This calculator arrived in a timely fashion . The calculator was in great condition and even came with fresh batteries ! It was a wonderful purchase , I got a real bargain with the price . I would highly recommend others to buy from this company .
 The shipment came in earlier than expected . Great service . great calculator , I believe this calculator has saved my life in many classes such as statistics , chemistry , etc. .
 received the calculator earlier than expected . It looks like it has hardly been used . what a great price . this is for my second kid in high school . i purchased one new in store for oldest kid and then it was lost , had to buy another -LRB- hard lesson learned -RRB- . When i saw this on Amazon and the price with the CD and power cord I bought it . Will definitely buy from again . highly recommend .
 Arrived early , great condition , and my teenage son did not even know it was used !
 My teacher asked me to get a TI calculator for my Algebra class . Then , I came up with buying one at amazon.com because it 's cheaper than buying at local retail stores with the same quality . Also , the delivery was as described , not fast nor late . I will buy more at this website .
 It works fine , and I got it just in time . It was just as it was advertised .
 On time delivery with well packing condition.Price was also good with no tax & free delivery .
 This calclator is wonderful . It is perfect -LRB- and sometimes required -RRB- for my Integrated Mathematics 2 class . It performs simple arithmetic , as well as makes graphing any type of equation a breeze.You can even use this calculator as a toy ! You can download games from the Internet and send it over to it with the uncluded USB cable . If you want a game that is only on a friend 's calculator , you can use the included link cable and transfer a game over effortlessly . And we 're not talking dull games ... These are games that I find myself getting addicted to and playing while I 'm supposed to be doing other things ! By the way , I highly recommend this one game called , `` Phoenix . `` If you 're in the market for a good graphing calculator , get this one ! You wo n't be disappointed . It 's rugged , reliable , and will last a lifetime .
 I 've had this calculator since high school , and its still more than enough , at least for freshman + level college courses.One of the best features of this calculator is its programming language . If you need a function that is not built in , program it yourself ! For example , I 've written a 3D graphing program that enables me to graph objects in 3D , and it has been very useful.Not that the built in functions are not impressive . Although the 89 has many more functions , most are not necessary , at least not for the higher price . The 83 has all the basic calculator functions you would expect , and need . Its graphing ability is especially robust.All in all , I highly recommand this great calculator .
 A month ago I bought a cheap scientific calculator from my local supermarket . It was impossibly difficult to use and I gave it away . I now have the Ti-83plus silver edition and its so user friendy even I can operate it . I have not looked at the manual , and have used it in all my college chemistry and allgebra classes . It has great collection of extras such as the periodoc table , an organiser and even puzzles . It comes with a cable to hook up with your PC to down load additional applications .
 I really like this calculator , and have used it since the 7th grade . I am now a freshman in highschool , and it is required for my Algebra II class - REQUIRED ! - In addition to what other people have said , it is extremely easy to create your own programs right on the calculator even in class . Do n't feel intimidated by this , because you certainly do not have to have any - ANY - prior programming experience . You will never need create a program on the calculator . The main reson that I write programs is that it is possible to easily expedite the process of using formulas - -LRB- i.e. repetitive homework -RRB- - On the downside , I currently do not have calculator because of my lack of carefulness with the LCD . I have broken two calculators so far -LRB- both ti83p -RRB- . Another great thing about this calculator is the fact that it is widely used . This provides many commercial products , as well as hardcore programmers writing great games and new operating systems . In the end . get this calculator - For yourself , or for a child - but make sure not to drop it on cement or let it slip under a chair leg . FIN
 I 'm not really 13 , but do n't have an account anyways . It 's good because it has a large user base and well does some things okay . It can do most level 1 calculus things . Do n't expect it to go farther than the high school level . Although it seems crappy -LRB- kinda of is comparted to ti-89 T -RRB- and a little to expensive , -LRB- it kinda is -RRB- , it does its job well and has plenty of user made games and programs that excel the functionality of this calculator . This guide lasted me 6 years , well until the battery spring crapped up . I dropped in dozens of times on hard concrete and accidentally kciked it while picking it up and does fine . So anyways here are some key functions :2 - d graphing , numerical integration , summations , numerical derivatives , calculates slope , area under a cure graphically , BASIC programming editor , all functions found of scientific calcs , Matrices , linking , applications , some other stuff , Lists , just a lot of stuff , solver , polynomials.Downloadable
 I am a chemistry major without a strong background in math , and I will swear by this Great machine !! The TI-83 is a life saver and there are very few things it can not do . At this moment it is not only helping me through Algebra , but is acting as a great help in Chemistry . Not only is it a graphing calculater , but it is upgradable to the point it becomes indespensible . I have downloaded so many programs to it already and most of them are Free !! At the moment I am learning my Periodic Table of Elements with this great tool ! I completely recommend this for any one who has a lot of math and science ahead of them !!
 We recently purchased a TI83plus graphics calculator for our son to do his math in the upcoming school year and looks to have all the functions he will need through highschool . We were a little shocked at the selling price but we were able to find one used here at a fair price from usedcalculators_com and recieved it promptly and it is worth the price does it all . If you need one of these for your kids school this is the place to buy .
 i finally got this calc at the end of my freshman year of high school because i thought it was great that you could write your own programs , solve equations , etc. a friend of mine aced his first semester of algebra just because he had it . so once i got it , i immediately learned BASIC for it and in two months had my own games . i also own the 20 dollar graphlink so i can get games off the internet for play during summer . i want an 89 , but the fact is i just would n't even scratch the surface of its abilities . maybe someday i might get another calculator , but only if this one spontaneously combusts .
 I was using a TI-89 which is far superior , BUT , it is not allowed in the math department at my university only the TI-83 Plus , TI-83 , and TI-84 -LRB- including their various releases -RRB- . The calculator FEELS very basic , however , with a little knowledge you can take the calculator on through Calculus 3 as I understand , I dont believe that it can do derivitives so you 'll be writing those out by hand . I purchased `` TI-83 Pluss Graphing Calculator for Dummies '' And I would say that a book of that nature really is mandatory , its no fun hunting thing down on the calculator itself or within the different tabs , say math for example you may never know that what your looking for is in one of those tabs . The advertisement for this calculator is a little decieving it says you can transfer files to and from your calculator . This is true but you have to purchase a special cord which is essentially a 3.5 mm jack -LRB- not sure actual size -RRB- on one end that you plug into the bottom of the calculator and a USB connection on the other end . You also have to download the software to move the files from the Texas Instruments website . None of this really matters in my opinion because as little as two programs will fill the calculators memory , not worth it . The graphing calculator is well made , seems a little light in the hand but overall construction is solid . Takes 4 AAA batteries and has an auto shutof of 5 minutes . It really is a decently powerful calculator that will get you through your math and is just powerful enough to not let you cheat . I personally have not taken any calculus so I cant vouch for its usefullness but I was told , by many instructors that this was the calculator to buy and would be of the most benifit , for what the department allows , through Calculus 3 . To add to what I said earlier about getting a book , the calculator comes with a pamphlet on how to use it , garbage .
 Calculator arrived in good working condition and within the expected time frame . Tested the buttons with some of my stat problems from last semester , works well . Thanks !
 Great transaction ! Will do business again - items were just as advertised . TI83 + is a great calculator - easy to use , but advanced enough to help with any science problem you 'll encounter .
 I needed this calculator for one college class , and after this semester I may never need it again . I 'm very pleased with my purchase . The asking price was less than half retail ; the calculator arrived quickly , in good shape , packaged securely , and a manual was easy to find and download online .
 This is a great product and was in the condition described . However , the keys tend to stick . It has n't caused any problem , but it makes a loud click when I press the keys .
 It is a little confusing but I 'm getting the hang of it . The one thing I really do n't like about it is that it has a name scratched into the front of it .
 I 've had mine since pre-algebra and am still using it for differential equations and linear algebra . Although I have a ti-89 I still prefer the 83 + for its ease of use . It 's also built to last . I 've dropped mine on concrete , tile , and linoleum and it still works as well as the day I bought it . The only thing that has worn off are the rubber pads used to make sure it does n't slip.It works perfectly for matrix manipulation , plotting xy graphs -LRB- you can use it to help integrate in 3-D if you know what you are doing . -RRB- One thing that stands out is that all the buttons you will need are not in some submenu like they are on the 89 ; instead on the 83 + the most you will need to do to access things like Euler 's identities or natural logs is push the 2nd button -LRB- akin to alt on a keyboard -RRB- . The 89 does beat it in it 's ability to draw detailed graphs , graph in 3-D -LRB- which the 83 + ca n't do -RRB- , integrate -LRB- 83 + ca n't do -RRB- and some other things . However , if you are taking advanced math classes most instructors will want you to show your work so the 83 + is all you really need.One thing I do recommend getting for this is a pack of rechargeable batteries like theSANYO eneloop 4 Pack AA NiMH Pre-Charged Rechargeable Batteries . Do n't take this to mean that this calculator is a battery hog , in fact I usually go a whole year without recharging them which is great considering I use this thing almost everyday and carry it around everywhere.Yes you can play simple games and yes you can store equations on this to look at * cough * during a test * cough * but do n't think that this is just a glorified 3x5 card.I would go so far to say that this is my most used electronic item I own . If I ever lost mine I would overnight one from Amazon without hesitation.Definitely a must for engineers and math majors .
 The calculator is in good condition and the only things about it that is bad were described in the description prior to the purchase .
 This is a great device . It got here very quickly and was just what I was expecting .
 Recieved my product in record time , great customer service from seller , product in almost perfect condition , saved tons of money . Will difinitely keep using Amazon
 This calculator has been around a long time , is required for many high school and college courses and because of this , there are lots of them for sale USED . I bought one for my wife 's class for $ 30 on craigslist.Save money and be eco-friendly , buy used .
 purchased this ti83 + as a replacement for my son 's previous unit that was lost . unit works fine and came w/all stated materials.arrived in reasonable time . was scratched some , but was listed as `` good '' condition for being refurbished , so again - reasonable . besides , i 'm sure the unit will get more blemished while it 's in his bookbag going from class to class anyway . overall good value for the price . would make this purchase again .
 Bottom-Line
 This is probably my sixth graphing calculator , and my third TI-83 plus . These are bought for a work environment though , so its not that they are n't sturdy-I have several users . I have one that has been gnawed on by my dog and its still going , even though its missing the ` entry ' button .
 I decided to get a new calculator , because the old one was n't working anymore . The screen of the old one would not work and everytime you would type a number you could see black spots on the screen.So I went online and order this one , I got it a little bit late than I would have liked , but it 's ok.The thing about this calculator is that it works , but the screen fails to work properly sometimes . It 's just like the old one , but this calcultor does n't have as much problems as the one before . The one I had would do it most of time , but this one , does it once in a while , and it sucks.Overall , I think the product is okay . It works , and helped me a lot on my math courses .
 I have had by TI-83 Plus for about 7 years and it has never given me any problems . In terms of endurance , it goes through a lot as I have dropped it numerous times and I do n't treat it very well . Even with all of the abuse , it has kept on going with no end in sight.If you are a high school / college student looking to cheat on your calculus homework by having it do your integration or differentiation for you , this is not your calculator . You should get a TI-89 . This calculator will do numerical integration and differentiation in the graphical interface but it will not provide analytical solutions to your homework problems.This is an excellent calculator and it has served me well for many years . I am sure it will continue to do so for many more years .
 I love my little Snufferkins . He goes EVERYWHERE with me ! I even bought him his own stroller . I never knew a calculator would mean so much to me , but you never know until it happens to you .
 Good calculator - one of the rubber feet came off the first time I was using it but the calculator is wonderful.Darlene
 Shipped exactly as stated by the seller . I love the Silver Edition.It is a strong equipment . I 'm very satisfied .
 I purchased this item at my local walmart it is a great calculator and easy to use , but a little pricey . I had originally ordered this item from a seller titled 1800 calculators who was advertising the calculator as used but `` like new '' the seller totally scammed me , I was charged for the item and told that it shipped but a week later I was told by the seller that it had actually not shipped yet and i spent the next few days emailing back and forth trying to get a refund . Of course the seller had the audacity to ask me to remove my negative feedback to which I responded that I would modify it to include that I was issued a refund finally . Turns out you ca n't do that only erase it so I guess the seller got their way , but I am posting this to let other buyers know to beware buying calculators such as these used . ALWAYS look very closely into the sellers reviews and keep in mind if it sounds too good to be true it probably is !
 I bought this calculator after my original TI83 broke . Very good buy , easy to use as long as you read the manual that it comes with . The shipping was excellent I am currently deployed and I recieved the calculator in a week . I highly reccomend this item to anyone planning on taking math , algebra , statistics or any higher math class !!!!
 This is a great tool for high school math class and even come college level coures.One rant though is this calculator has been the same for well over 10 years , yet it still cost $ 100 + -LRB- these must cost pennies to make by now -RRB- ... they should at least update the damn thing so it is n't so ugly . I guess since it 's practically required in every school texas instruments does n't need to bother .
 My son wanted TI 83 and i went through all the big/small stores before settling for the cheapest price offered by amazon . since I 'm a prime member shipping was free too . The calculator is very good , I know because it is recommended by schools/universities etc. . So the price reduction offered by Amazon was truly the deciding factor
 My daughter needed this calculator for her high school precal class recommended by her teacher ; it 's not just a caculator it is a computer that will be utilized even in college . Great value - the BEST price !
 With this calculator , you get what you pay for . It 's pretty good , and it will serve your purposes alright . But I would n't buy it again . I 'd get the TI-84 Plus instead -LRB- since I ended up having to buy it anyway -RRB- . With the 84-Plus , you can update online and add new products . This calculator ca n't do that.If this is the calculator you 're planning on buying , I say go for it . The seller is good , and the calculator came in good condition . But I would suggest spending the extra $ 20 and getting a better model .
 I used this in my college algebra class , and it saved me a lot of time . It would take me an entire page and half an hour to do what this calculator does in a second . You wo n't regret buying this . : -RRB-
 My granddaughter uses it and it is realy good . She needed it for her math class and the whole family uses it now .
 &#34; Just what I needed &#34; for high school math . Personally , I have nothing to say -- her satisfaction is what I sought .
 i have been using this one for a while and it just work fine for me and it very helpful and useful . It is great calculator !!!
 It took a few days longer to ship than I expected , but it was well received by our math student when it arrived . It looked like it had been well taken care of and works just like a brand new calculator without spending the extra money for a new one .
 I arrived quickly and worked as advertised . It looked new and has worked well . I would recommend this purchase to a friend
 I needed a calculator for my high school math classes , nothing super pretty or fancy , just needed the same model the school is using and not break the bank on it . It shipped within a week and works just like it should . I trust amazon a lot now and look forward to using it again .
 I bought this calculator for school and I can honestly say that it works perfectly fine . I 've used it almost everyday since the school season started and it 's helped me greatly . The only draw back on this product is that it does n't have a fraction button . Other than that I highly recommend this product to all high school and college students . It works great for pre calculus and calculus !
 It was n't exactly what I was looking for as it is the older version of the TI-83 , but it works perfectly fine and there is absolutely no difference between the old version and the new version except for the fact that the screen for the old version is a little smaller . It has the best value for a scientific graphing calculator and if you are looking to save some money I definitely recommend this product .
 We had been debating on getting one of these for my kids for school for quite sometime . Glad we waited and found one affordable . The calculator works great and was in excellent condition . Very happy with the purchase : -RRB-
 When I went online to look up the calculator I needed , I was surprised at the low price.The product worked well . I rate this overall a superb buy .
 Wonderful 1st time experience ! Shipped way before shipping date on standard shipping . Got in within a week ! Amazing experience ! `` Equation 101 '' is 100 % great !
 For someone who does n't plan to use much math in their daily life , this calculator seems a bit overcomplicated . It 's great for getting through math classes , but I had to buy a quick reference guide to help me remember how to input some of the functions .
 This was exactly as it was supposed to be . Everything works and is in the proper condition , shipping was very fast and everything came in great . Would do business with again . I would recommend this person so anyone .
 The product arrived in a timely manner and in excellent condition . I was not comfortable purchasingelectronics through amazon.com , because I have always relied on departments stores , however I am pleasedwith the item I purchased .
 The calculator is refurbished with some scratches and wear , but the calculator works fine . The product shipped within the estimated time .
 purchased this calculator for my son and he knew exactly what to do with it ! It was in excellent condition when I received it before the estimated date of arrival ! it will take him through his high school years .
 The product arrived fast , in new condition , included cables and battery , as described . It even included the training CD , not mentioned in the ad . Very happy with purchase .
 I was impressed by the speed of the delivery and the care given to the packing . As far as the calculator and the cables , everything was perfect , and it has been perfect for my mathematics course .
 The item was delivered very fast and was delivered in good condition as expected . Could n't be happier with how it turned out . Would recommend this seller to anyone .
 I received the product that I was looking for at a great price in just a couple of days . It was an easy , very satisfactory transaction !
 why TI does n't slap a high-res color LCD and large flash memory on these things ? Maybe make them half the thickness and weight . What , would it cost an extra -LSB- ... -RSB- for them ? We have come quite a long way in the last 10 years ... This technology is overpriced and stuck in the early 1990s .
 Product came on time and works well . Now I can use this in my math class instead of borrowing my neighbors .
 I have the ti-83 then someone gave me a ti-82 ... they look like the very same calculator . If I had it to do over again I 'd have saved my money .
 My son is taking Algebra II in his Junior year of high school and this is the calculator that the teacher recommended . I was trying to purchase one that he could continue using in college . He is satisfied and it gets the job done , but he wishes that I had purchased the TI-84 instead . I guess it does a little more , and at the time I purchased there was n't a huge price difference
 The calculator came quickly , it is in good conditions , but a little scratched . It would be terrific to have the manual included . For the price , I think , it is a good deal .
 I bought this calculator for my son who is an Aerospace Engineering major in college . He is very familiar with graphing calculators and he said that he recomends this to anyone that is in any class ranging from high school algebra all the way up through college calculus I II and III . He also told me that he was amazed at the speed and clarity of the functions on this calculator in comparison to it 's counter-part -- the TI-83 Plus -LRB- regular edition -RRB- . The informational programs including a full perdiodic table , probabily simulator and more , are extremely useful and helpfull to him . I did n't think someone could be this inthusiastic about a calculator , but he loves it and he strongly recomends it to anyone .
 The wrong calculator was shipped , a TI 83 regular instead of the TI 83 + . The vendor response to the mistake was quick . The correct model of calculator was sent along with a prepaid shipping label to return the wrong calculator . Both calculators were in excellent condition.My main complaint about the TI-83 + is really about the nature of these small scientific graphing calculators , with the number of features they cram in and the number of key strokes needed the learning curve is rather steep for me .
 high school students or college students . this is the perfect calculator to start off with if you do n't have a job then this is the one thats good to start off with . the TI-84 calculator does the same thing as this one . is just the looks and games that it has makes it worth $ 10 more . so i rather spend my money on this one since its cheaper and works the same
 I 'm not a math whiz , but ever since I squeaked by calculus in college , I vowed someday to really understand it . Recently I bought a calc course for non-whizzes and I figured it would be helpful to have graphing capability . The TI-83 Plus was a great find . The manual is detailed on every aspect of its operation with examples of each use . I 'm learning more than calculus by going through the manual . The calculator itself is laid out well with keys big enough for big fingers . The graphing screen is clear and `` zoomable '' so you can work with very small increments . I think you can get better ones for more money but I love my 83 + .
 This calculator is excellent . It 's very useful for geometry , algebra 2 , pre-calculus , and calculus . Definitely worth buying .
 I 've had my silver edition for three years now . I took it with through highschool and now into college . The TI series in general is a very durable class of calculators , but I have never seen anything withstand my backpack for more than a semester , so this one takes the cake . It has the most versatile and self-explanatory features of any other calculator I use . In addition to the extra bonus features -LRB- like the periodic and help programs -RRB- being able to personalize my calculator makes it a little more me , and less of an obligatory tool .
 For $ 87 ? This thing is amazing ! I remember way back when I was in Pre-Algebra , our school had one for each kid to practice on . If a whole shool district would buy thousands of these , then would n't it be worth buying for you ? And , to make things ever better , I live in Loudoun County , VA. . . which was named the fastest growing county in the Country , so can you imagine how many TI-83 Calculators that is ? I no longer own a regular 8-10 digit 4 function calculator . I 've carried around this TI-83 for awhile now , and I 'm glad ! I remember back in school when I would come upon a more complicated problem and think
 This product by Texas Instruments is the perfect blend of ease of use , many features , and overall functionality . This is the perfect calculator for the high school / college student . It does all you would need it to do all the way up through Calculus Honors . I enjoy the program writer function in which you can write your own programs to solve complex math problems , or you can use it to program you own games and what not . I ca n't justify spending more for a better model when this calculator has all you would need and then some .
 It 's a great calc , nothing diffrent from the black version except some free software and it 's a bit faster ... but if you 're a high school student , talk to your teachers , get a TI 89 because that 's the highest level calc allowed on the AP exams , and it 's much better , I wish I had known that before commiting myself to this one . But as far as the calc itself , its really awesome and very cool looking .
 I did n't have to have this calculator until 9th grade when I took Algebra 2 . It has been the most reliable thing I have ever bought in my life . It 's not needed for any level of math under Algebra 2 . I 'm now a college sophomore and am still using this calculator . I 've been through trig. , calculus , and stats . and it has been a lifesaver in all of them . I could n't imagine taking those classes without the calculator . It is extremely durable . I do n't know how many times I 've dropped mine and it is still working . My one very important suggestion is that after purchasing your claculator , you should engrave your name or initials on it because a lot of them get stolen in school because they are so expensive .
 Your choice of calculator pretty much depends on what you need it for . For the AP Math , IB higher level Math or College bound student , this is easily the best calculator for you . For higher math enthusiasts and anything more intense like indefinite integrals , cubic equation plots etc. you should loook out for more advanced TI 's like the TI-89 or TI-92 . With the TI-Graph Link cable , you are able to download and install thousands of scientific and mathematics programs to install on your TI-83Plus good source is www.ticalc.org . For the boring math lesson , you can even install games like tetris on the TI . Hook 2 of them up with the link cable -LRB- supplied ! -RRB- and you have 2 player action in some games ! Or you can conveniently transfer programs between calculators .
 This is a fantastic calculator that I use in my algebra class and others.You can take notes on this calculator with the Ti keybord acsseorie the acsseorie comes with a program for the calculator so you can take notes on it and save them for tests . You can also store things like study cards , games , and all those other important things you need . I highly recommend this calculator to anyone with any class.GO GET THIS CALCULATOR ! = -RRB-
 I have been using my TI-83 for over 6 years . It is the most reliable item I have ever purchased in my entire life . It construction is of very high quality
 I received the product quickly and was pleased to find it in perfect working condition .
 Works well and is necessary for my college level math classes . I would highly recomend getting the `` TI-83 for Dummies '' book as a companion . The on-line instructions are difficult at best . It also helps to know some one that is familiar with it . Once you figure out a new application it is great .
 Thanks for letting me not spend a fortune for my college daughter 's calculator ! This has worked great ! No problems as of yet , and hoping that continues . It did n't come with some cables but we had no need for those anyway and it mentioned that upfront as well . Everything seems like new with it and delivery was super fast ! Thanks to this company for providing this service since the brand new calculators ' prices are just ridiculous , and this is a good way to save a little money on school supplies !
 the calculator was like new . very prompt service . we highly recommend this service and nice savings to boot
 I learned how to use this calculator in school and it helped me in my math models class . Great calculator for a great price .
 Good product . Works great and is quite easy to use . The screen is clear and easy to read .
 Item was just as described . Arrived one week after order was placed . I would definately recommend this seller to anyone ! Andrea
 The calculator looks brand new , it even came with batteries , what a bargain and the T-83 is much easier and a better screen that the newer T-89 , I do n't know about the graphing differences , but the T-83 does everything else I need and it is easy enough to figure out . I was really happy with the quality for price and how fast it shipped , so glad I bought used ! older is sometimes better .
 The calculator is perfect . Just be careful when you buy it used that the seller indicates whether or not the owners manual comes with it . Mine did not . Thank goodness for the internet !
 The calculator is of high quality.just a few days to post which is beyond my imagine .
 Shipped exactly as stated by the seller . I love the Silver Edition.It is a strong equipment . I 'm very satisfied .
 All three of our kids have used this calculator for HS math class and it works great . Our youngest was using a 10 yr old TI-83 and one of the keys began to stick . Went on line and ordered this one regular delivery . It arrived in two days . Great service - thanks .
 I ordered this item and I received it within 3 days . Very fast delivery !! item in good condition . I would buy from this person again .
 Price is very reasonable , looks like new . My daughter is very happy and appreciate it . Thanks to this seller and to AMAZON .
 I am extremely happy with the product . Fast email responding . Fast shipping . I ordered it on Friday and received on Monday .
 I was glad to find the calculator so cheap and in good condition . The shipping was fast only 2 days and I received my claculator in time to take my algebra test .
 Bought this for my daughter who was required to have certain features included in this calculator . All she can say is it is a good calculator .
 My TI-83 came before time which is fine by me and it was like brand new the only thing it didnt have was an manual but I already knew how to use it so I didnt need it
 The TI-83 Plus is a great calculator for college Algebra and Stats ! DO NOT LISTEN TO OTHERS AND BUY A TI-89 BECAUSE YOU ARE NOT ALLOWED TO USE IT ON TESTS LIKE SAT , ACT , OR COLLEGE LEVEL TESTS FOR ANY ALGEBRA/STATS TESTS ! I almost bought that one , but my instructor warned against it and said that this TI-83 would be enough calculator for me , unless I get very deep into math -LRB- which I 'm not -RRB- ! It was a bit hard to get used to at first , but now I ca n't live without it !! : -RRB-
 third one of this calculator I have purchased seems to be the best choice for upper level high school courses on into college
 Texas Instruments TI-83 Plus Graphing Calculator -LRB- Packaging may vary -RRB- I purchased the Texas Instruments TI-83 Plus Graphing Calculator for my youngest son . I was happy to find it on Amazon and not have to pay an outrageous price especially after buying new school clothes , shoes and fees for the 11th grade . I purchased the calculator from the Amazon seller , Autarchy . The calculator was delivered quickly in perfect shape and came with an instruction CD . Thank you very much .
 this calc is not what i expected . all i needed was a graphing calc but this thing is a tiny computer ! definitely need the directions though . mine did not come with the book but you can get info online
 A few sticky keys and it 's a little bit difficult to take off the sliding cover sometimes , but otherwise it 's in great condition . It arrived promptly
 What can I say ... . The school required this . I had to find one reasonably priced . This fit the &#34; bill &#34; . It does what it is designed to do and will get my student through this year 's assignments .
 Beautiful - really a great help for all my math classes , from Algebra to Pre-Calculus . Highly recommend for the serious math student .
 It is a time saver for me . My kids use it for their school work and they are learning its functions . .
 Product arrived in the condition and of a quality that I expected . It is a standard black color and functions as expected .
 I purchased this for my Algebra class as the instructor said that it was what I would need . It has worked well and I am learning more things that it can do all the time . Great purchase .
 My son is thrilled with this calculator . Ideal for the high school student . Received quickly and was just as described .
 product came super quickly . great condition and perfect price for this item . virtually nothing wrong with the calculator besides a few scratches which is to be expected when the product is about $ 70 to the compared $ 180 . i 'll take a few scratches if it means saving $ 100 .
 I bought this calculator to get me through my statistics class and figured I would resell it when it was over . No way ! I 've barely touched the surface of its capabilities , but I absolutely love it ! Homework and tests were a breeze using this compared to manually calculating or graphing the answers . I expect it will come in handy in future courses as well.I paid $ 44 for a refurbished one that works just as good as new , which is less than half the cost of new . I highly recommend both the TI-83 Plus and the reseller , Calcutronics Inc , who shipped it fast and packaged it well .
 Taking a heavy science course load this semester -LRB- statistics , Chemistry , and Physiology -RRB- meant I needed a new calculator ally . A trusted friend that would not bonk out from a lack of solar power , nor would get weak-kneed in front of overwhelming goodness of fit problems.Low and behold , a plasticy champion arose to meet my challenge . With his bulky black hood and industrial sized keypad , I did n't know if this TI would be nimble enough to take on the rigors of my chemical equations or standard deviations . What he lacked in style , he more than made up for in function . Line regressions , point estimates , and mean/median/modes posed no match for his well-trained CPU , and even better , he had ample storage for formulas and equations from Chemistry 101 . No longer fearful of memorizing the log of 3 or the speed of light -LRB- in a vacuum -RRB- , I proceeded to get A 's in all my classes , and I could n't have done it without the help of my blackhooded friend , the TI-83 . Best of all , he came to my aid a day ahead of schedule , further earning his rightful place as a 5-star companion.I see one weakness on the horizon , after all this number crunching , he may lose power , and without the usual solar panels to recharge him , I should invest in some backup batteries . But after a month of heavy use , he 's still going strong , so I 'll put off that worry for another day . Til then , he has been , and always will be , my friend . Live long , and prosper TI-83 .
 I am satisfied with my recent purchase . Other than the fact that I had to buy batteries for the product I have had 0 problems with it .
 This is a very good calculator . So far it 's given me an A in Trigonometry and an A in Calculus.Well . . I might have put in an insane number of hours studying too . . but this calculator is amazing !
 I had to buy this calculator for a statistics class in 2004 . I have used this thing ever since . I love the way it looks , good solid feel , buttons work great , rubber feet keep it from sliding around , easy to follow buttons , guidebook , computer connection , and the print on the buttons are still just as sharp looking as when I bought it over seven years ago . The clearish glitter casing is cool and I like that I can see the insides of the calculator . Unique.The hard case is super , and I have dropped this thing many times but it still looks new , works great , and I just love using it . I really do hate math , and I figured I may as well pay some extra bucks for a calculator that was fun to look at since I would be using it so often . I am really glad I did . I never thought that I would use it for a master 's level stats class , and for doing other people 's taxes each year . Instructions are online if you buy one without . In general , it is hard to go wrong with this calculator . I just wish it did financial calculations , although maybe there is a download for that ! I hate the TI BAII Plus I just had to buy for Corporate Finance . My suggestion ... buy the TI 83 , and get it in a color that makes you smile . People will think you like math or something .
 The calculator was brand new and exactly what I expected . My teacher recommended I buy this calculator , because Texas Instruments is the most widely used calculator brand in the United States . It worked well for my Algebra 2 , Pre - Calculus , Calculus , Statistics , and Physics classes .
 I was really stressed out about my finances and purchasing a TI-83 was not in my budget . The used ones on campus was sold out and the new ones were over $ 125 . A friend suggested that I check the internet for someone selling a used one . And that was the answer to my prayers . This TI-83 works well . It 's not as pretty as the latest models but I am not graded on it 's cuteness . IT FUNCTIONS !
 Just what is needed for high school and on . Go with the plus so you can link with your computer . Do n't spend the extra $ $ on thTI-84 - they really do the same things
 Just what my daughter needed for college . It works good and had good instructions with it . It will be used .
 so i had this thing all through high school right . and only in college did i really understand that this thing had another function other than video games . . -LRB- right ! -RRB- . you can save equations and plug in the numbers . -LRB- ah thats why they said i could n't use it on tests -RRB- . the only negative is it takes awhile to set it all up -LRB- equations and stuff -RRB- and you minds well just remember it -LRB- its faster -RRB- . but its still cool all the stuff you can do with it . makes math more fun anyway .
 Bought this used calculator for my Math class , So far throughout the semester I had no problems and it work just as i needed it to .
 TI has the most overpriced calculators ever . Very old technology , very old style but they work . Most high school and college txt books give examples using the ti83 . That means this model is a must if you have a hard time figuring stuff out on your own . But buy it used for 30 bucks !! No need to pay ti s inflated prices.If you do n't mind playing around with things and want to buy new but save money get a Casio ! They work just as well , but less supported by textbooks .
 I got this for a stastistics class and have since used it as my daily calculator . There is a steep learning curve however the web is full of videos and other assistance to use it . The book that comes with it is basically usless .
 This item cost less than half than the new one and working properly . Item came to me in time also .
 Very good product . No problems and it is easy to use . Helped me alot in my classes ! Thank you very much !
 I bought this for my daughter for a class she was taking . Works very well , quality of TI workmanship is always high . This is a quality product worth the price you pay !!
 I am well satisfied with the Calculator I recently purchased from Amazon.com . It arrived when they said it would . It will help my Daughter in her Senior year of high school and even into her days at college .
 Buying online saved me $ 100 . It works great and helping me in class already . http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00001N2QU/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_titleI needed a graphing calculator for College Algebra classes and this one is perfect . It came with a disc to show how to use and instructions .
 Needed this calculator for College Algebra . It served me VERY well and even continued to provide me with assistance through my Trigonometry class too ! Good buy !!
 I am so very pleased , with the calculator that I purchased , I was so expecting it to be a used one , but it was an original still in the package .
 This calculator is great . It is built with the quality you expect from Texas Instruments . The price on Amazon was fantastic and I received it quickly after ordering it . Good product , working out great for my Calculus class .
 This was just a calculator I had to buy to replace one that was stolen from me during the year , but it was shipped in a timely fashion and was not damaged so I was happy with the investment .
 thanks for the prompt delivery , the product is good and was received in good condition . I have used this product in class and gets the job done.thanks
 The calculator screen is hard to see . I have adjusted it every way possible but stll dim.Other than that it works fine and came with the instruction book and cover .
 It was a little scratched at the bottom but it worked perfectly . I used it for my final exam and it did n't give out at all .
 I received on time and in good working order . Have been using for 1 month now . no complaints as yet . I received on time and in good working order
 I just ordered the TI83 calculator to replace the one that was stolen from me . I was hesitant to get a used one online , but read all of the great reviews for this seller & decided to give it a try . I got my calculator very quickly . It 's like new and also had batteries included . I can now finish my math homework & have a calculator for my final exam .
 I was very pleased with the calculator . It works like it 's supposed to and it 's not hard to learn how to use . It came new in the package with manual and all . I use the calculator in my Calculus class and it has worked well for me . I give this product 5 stars :-RRB- .
 needed for my son for HS . No issues , cheaper than local sales in stores , it is referbished , it looks new to me !
 Graphing calculators can be pretty difficult to use . This one is about as easy as they get , plus you can do a lot with them .
 Shipment was so quick I seriously could n't believe it . The product was like new and functions completely . Came with batteries in it which was really nice because I needed to use it for class right away . Awesome awesome seller .
 All features of the calculator are exellent . It was a bargain compared to other retailers . I am happy with this shopping experience .
 My children needed the TI84 Plus for school but I ordered this by accident . It is the same calculator accept for the usb cable port . if you buy the ti83 cable for $ 35 you have everything the 84 has . I needed 3 of the calculators so it actually was alot cheaper for me to buy 3 TI83 s and just one cable . if you only need one maybe it is better to get the TI84 any usb cable works with it . It is really cool , I wish they had these when I was in school we had to graph by hand . i would reconmend this product to others . The 84 silver has games built in which is cool too .
 Bought this product used , in great condition ! The seller was awesome and made sure I had it incredibly fast , though the postal service to my home . Very helpful , as I desperately needed it for Algebra . It 's been my life saver ! Fantastic calculator .
 It was shipped very fast - I got it within the week . The artwork on the casing is 5 gum foil wrappers . I used to do this with my friends a few years ago , so mine that had broken was very similar , so I got a little nostalgic about that . So far , it has worked fine . The screen is fine , and there 's nothing more than a bit of wear and tear on the keys 's labels . The casing slips a little , but that happens to almost all TI 's I 've noticed .
 The calculator came very quickly and it met my expectations . It was a little older version than the ones on the shelf now , but meets all of my needs and at a lower cost
 TI-83 Plus is extremely useful in classes such as Adv. Alg. , Trig. , and Statistics . It has tons of functions and purpose . Also , you can store games in the program . One of the best TI instuments . I recommand this and you can always change the battries and do n't have to buy a new one .
 The electronic flash cards help me out in class and to study !
 Well , Im a seventh grader in algebra I , and I was supposed to get an 84 or an 84SE . Seeing as they 're completely key-for-key , I went for the 83 . I 'm glad I did . All my friends laugh at my pathetic Apps and the slowness of my processor , but this thing has one attribute the Ti-84SE does n't
 i just used it and it is still really good .
 This item was received exactly in the condition as it was described in the ad . I was very happy to save money on purchasing a used item opposed to paying the cost for it new . The delivery time was incredible . I received it in less than 7 days after placing the order .
 This is THE best graphing calculator out there yet , man !!! Just great !
 Awesome calculator!I brought it previously used . It 's a necessity for College Algebra!One thing I might add in , if you can buy new , please do so . When you purchase something previously owned , it might not come with certain attachments.The calculator I ordered was in perfect condition ! I plugged in the batteries and it loaded within 1 second ! One thing I really hate , is that the previous owner 's name is ENGRAVED on the front and back of the calculator . I think people should stop doing that . Some masking tape and a marker is fine . I am really happy with my purchase . But the calculator is moaning in pain from the carving on his frontal pelvic area and back . Lol.The shipping was incredibly fast too . My other order did n't even come yet !
 I been using thsi calculator since I was a freshman in college . I used it for Math Modeling and Statistics . I did good in both of those classes because of my calculator . I am about to use it for Chemistry . The batteries last long and the calculator can be used for any math or science class . It was worth the money to buy it brand new .
 After receiving the T-I83 Calculator , my grandson 's grades jumped from `` 40 '' to a 95 on his report card . We were really happy for his progress , and he was excited at his performance . He had nothing but praise for this product . Also , he did n't tell us until afterwards that this CALCULATOR is pictured in his algebra book and the teacher did n't have enough classroom calculators for all the students . Better late than never .
 Great product ! Needed it for my son 's class , he loved it . Reasonably priced . So much easier to buy it from Amazon -LRB- and cheaper ! -RRB- when everyone needs it for same class , and stores running low on quantities .
 Hi , is an engineering student in Brazil and I won in the christimas a TI 83 + , most of my colleagues students uses HP48/49 , since to TI it is not sold in Brazil , buteverybody was impressed with the programming easiness and use for graphs , this calculator is without a doubt very good , still more with the possibility to lower programs for the internet , I recommend its purchase.a hug of the group of mechanical engineering of the cefet of the paran&aacute;.p.s .
 This is an awsome product if you are taking physics or pre-calculus , it 's easy to use and has many different features when graphing . The ti-83 plus comes with more memory than the ti-83 which also make it great to keep as many programs as you want without stressing out over memory .
 Both nephew and niece in high school have this calculator -LSB- one silver one plus -RSB- and ` luv ' them.For all practical purposes the TI 83 + and Silver are THE ` regular persons ' calculator . For 99 % of high school students , and college also if not a maths major , this series is more than enough calculator.If you not in high school or an English major in a city collage this is a boring machine . I suggest that you consider the Texas Instruments 86 or 89 or the Hewlett Packard 48G + , 48GX or even 9G if you need a graphics calc . -LSB- the T.I. 83 is the only game boy allowed in class -RSB- .
 The TI-83 Plus is the best graphing available that is eligible to use on the ACT . It has some great features , my personal favorite is the programming . After a little practice you can write programs to do just about anything . Its graphing features are also very helpful . I just took integral calculus , and this calculator can easily compute derivatives and integrals . I can not say enough good things about this calculator . It has gotten me through my senior year of high school and freshman year at LSU .
 This is the best calculator I have ever seen ! It is a LOT quicker than the ti-83 plus . We use ti-83 plus in school , and they -LRB- ... -RRB- compared to these . The silver edition is definately worth the extra money . You can download more games than you could ever want , and they 're good games , too . I 'm in eighth grade , and this calculator makes my homework MUCH easier . Our math teacher loves these things , too ! They 're extremely easy to use , and the manual is written for a first grader to read ! The internet link cable really works great , and downloading is quick and it never fails . I definately recommend this mad calculator for anyone who is shopping for a graphing calculator !
 This hand-held super computer will introduce you to the joys of graphical mathmatics and equations . It 's a good way to see the results , but nothing can beat a good text book for a solid understanding of higher math !
 The student is very happy about the product . Delivery by Amazon was on time.We will order again with Amazon
 This calculator -LRB- Texas Instruments TI-83 Plus Graphing Calculator -RRB- is excellent , their multiple roles facilitates my work , I am a teacher , I am really delighted with the purchase of this article .
 I bought this calculator for my grandson who is a junior in high school , and he really enjoys using it . He is presently taking a precalculus course and also an engineering class offered to honors students at the local college . Consider this calculator for your high school student who is interested in higher math , engineering , and electronics !
 well I was really happen in receive my calculator the person I bought it from was very efficient and it was in great condition now I can do all the problems I want to do . So with this being my first time buying something off of Amazon it was a great experience and of course I will be buying other things also . So I recommend customers to buy things off of hear its worthy !!!
 I bought this calculator when asked to by my Algebra II teacher . It proved to be very helpful throughout the class and is still proving it 's usefulness having taken chemistry , physics , and pre-calculus corses . Not only is it helpful in sovling homework problems , it 's also good for ridding of boredom.It 's often that I find myself bored in class . This is where my graphing calculator comes into play -LRB- quite literally -RRB- . The ability to upload/download games and play them is a nifty little addition to all the other features of this calculator . Anyone planning on studying advanced maths or sciences should look into buying this calculator .
 This calculator is the greatest . I found mine , so it came a little used , but it works fine . If you 're in Geometry or above I strongly recommend the TI-83 Plus .
 Another great calculator from Texas Instuments ! I used to own a TI-83 graphing calculator which I used for Honor 's Geometry class . When the TI-83 Plus came out , I sold the old one and got this instead . It has helped me tremendously though Honors Algebra II , Chemistry , AP Probability & Statistics , Calculas , & Physics !!! It is an incredible value & great buy !
 I 've had this calculator since junior school , and its still more than enough , at least for freshman + level college math/physics/chemistry courses.One of the best features of this calculator is its programming language . If you need a function that is not built in , program it yourself ! For example , I 've written a 3D graphing program that enables me to graph objects in 3D , and it has been very useful.Not that the built in functions are not impressive . Although the 89 has many more functions , most are not necessary , at least not for the higher price . The 83 has all the basic calculator functions you would expect , and need . There are literly hundreds of functions built into it . Its graphing ability is especially robust , with full zooming capability , tracing , value table listings . . etc.It is also extremely durable . I 've dropped it more times than I can remember , but it has still survived without a dent.All in all , I highly recommand this great calculator .
 This calculator is by far the best graphing calculator . But not only is it good at math , but the games helped me stay awake : - D
 I found out that I needed a calculator for school and I searched everywhere for one but at last I decided to choose the Texas Instrument TI-83 plus . I 'm satisfied with it now because it is not an intricate device but it is still able to calculate hard things . Since a lot of this is being sold , I can find many Apps which I could download onto this . If you are looking for a great calculator , you might as well buy the Ti-83 plus , you wo n't regret it .
 Bought this for my middle school son as required for math class . New in stores was about twice as much . The review stated that it did not come with the connector cords , -LRB- as many of them displayed did not -RRB- . It is non-essential , and I appreciated the honesty -LRB- i do n't think i would have known differently -RRB- . it appears/works new , and saved me a lot of money!Texas Instruments TI-83 Plus Graphing Calculator -LRB- Packaging may vary -RRB-
 The item was true to the description the seller stated . The item came complete with the operating CD disk and the item had no signs of wear and tear or previous use . The case was durable and even came with extra batteries . It was quite helpful to purchase below the going price new at a store . It helped my college budget and helped with my math class .
 Ordered , sent , and received with lightning fast speed ! Cable and disc included , and not a single scratch on the screen or case . Thanks !
 I 'm taking a biostatistics class and I need to graph and stuff . This calculator is also amazing for my physiology tests in which I need to calculate a lot of stuff . Best choice ever .
 I have had this item -LRB- TI-83 graphing calculator -RRB- for over a year and was actually pretty hesitant when buying it . I thought I wouldnt like it once I got it because it 's from onlin , and I didnt know whether to trust the seller . But it is abosolutely great ! I have literally been using it almost every time I have my math class since I bought it on december 2 , 2010 . All this time it has worked perfectly with no problems . Even though it was a used calculator it is amazing , it works like a new calculator . I definitely made the right descision buying it : -RRB-
 I purchased this calculator for my son for his 9th grade honors math class . I would highly recommend the TI-83 calculator for high school students . This calculator has more than met his classroom and testing needs .
 Saved tons of money buying this on Amazon ! The condition is better than I expected so I am very happy !!
 Get this calculator ! it could n't possibly be bad . It has aBASIC language on it ! it can support asm but , it gets sloppyThis is great to learn on for the BASIC program skills soyou can go on to C and C++ and other non-BASIC progamminglanguages . This calculator has so many features i have n'teven seen all of them in a year ! i 've tried so much withthis calculator and it gets really fun . the BASIC progra-ming is like a batch file almost . So if you want to findThe circumfrence you just programame and there you have it .
 This calculator can do a lot things for you , but it has small memory.Long battery Life , I used it everyday , but have n't change battery for one and half years . But , sometimes , the calculator would get wrong answer . You type in the exactly same equation twice , but get different answers . This only happend twice a year or so .
 I bought this calculator for my senior 's HS Pre Calculus class . A graphing calculator was required and the TI 83 was recommended . I selected the TI 83 Plus , after reading the many reviews on Amazon.com , based on her desire to become a vet -LRB- Science Degree -RRB- , and the increased speed . My daughter loves this calculator . It does everything that she needs it to do . There is a significant increase in its speed and she is often the first one done in class . Of course she appreciates the games and it is always nearby . The additional link for the PC is very valuable for downloading additional programs . The TI 83 Plus is a very good product and experience . If you have a child planning a career in science or math , this is an especially good choice .
 This is the calculator my son 's Freshman High School Teacher required for Algebra I . We were told it would last him through High School so it was worth the investment . Amazon had the best price around . After school shopping for clothes , it was a pleasure having this delivered to the door .
 The TI-83 Plus has been the reason I 've attained A 's three years in a row in my math classes . In college the claculator has helped me even more , they let you use your calculator all the time and with thing you can set up tables and graphs , and see exactly where all the zero 's , intercepts , distance , just by looking at the tables and graphs , input the equation and just look up all the answers this thing works all the time because thats all you need in algebra 2 , advanced algebra , college algebra , with the TI-83 plus , you can easily get all the answers if you are clever , if you are not very clever talk to someone who is , so they can fill you in on how to use it , there are all kinds of solvers , exponential , probability , Pm solver , this is where this calculator really comes in handy because you do n't have to spend 5 minutes doing each of these long equations . I love this calculator . I always will use it , unless I get a TI-92 , which I heard is really good , but maybe to powerful some classes wo n't let students use it . But TI-83 serves the purpose fine . Also Ti-83 plus is great for college science classes it has save functions where you can save the periodic tables and save type . Comes in handy on tests . You are allowed to have your own copies of the periodic table having it on the calculator makes it a lot easier . This is a good $ 100 investment in 3 to 5 to probably even more years , of usage and is worth every penny .
 The TI-83 made my statistics class easier to endure . I am not a math major , but had to take this statistics class to graduate . This calculator saved me many hours of homework time.If you buy the TI-83 for Dummies book along with this calculator , you will be glad you did .
 The beginner TI -LRB- 81 , 82 , 83 -RRB- calculators are great for high school math and business type college math classes . However , if you think you 're going to head towards any engineering major in college -LRB- i.e. you 're going to take calculus -RRB- you will want a more powerful calculator when you get there . I bought a TI-81 when I was in high school and it was great -LRB- then -RRB- . When I got to college it was fine for first quarter calculus , but by second quarter I wanted something more powerful . I ended up buying the TI-85 which had a bit more of a learning curve , but was a much more powerful and useful tool . In retrospect I wish I would have bought the TI-85 in high school , but who knew ! Bottom line ... If I were a high school student looking at pursueing an Engineering study path I would go for the TI-92 . If I were a high school student worried just about high school or thinking of a Business study path , I would buy the TI-83 . Either way the TI is a great calculator , second only to HP !
 This calculator is pretty good , but it has its betters . The TI-89 far outstrips this calculator , especially for its `` pretty print '' function and its CAS -LRB- Computer Algebra System -RRB- , which allows for the actual calculator to perform algebraic functions , such as solve -LRB- , factor -LRB- , expand -LRB- , csolve -LRB- , and a number of other functions . Also , variables exist only as variables , and not zero like on the 83 . The 89 also allows students to perform work that would normally be done on paper , which can unfortunately prevent people from learning . For example , if you type in -LSB- -LRB- 33x - 17 -RRB- / 14 = 195 -RSB- * 14 , the equation becomes -LRB- 33x - 17 = 2730 -RRB- . Then you can do -LRB- -LRB- 33x - 17 = 2730 -RRB- -RRB- +17 , and you 'll get -LRB- 33x = 2743 -RRB- , then do -LRB- 33x = 2747 -RRB- / 33 , and youll get as an answer x = 2747/33 . This eliminates the need for most handwork.But , the 89 comes with a hefty price tag , and is only really necessary for advanced mathematics classes.The 83 is a good buy for these reasons :1 -RRB- it has a lower price -LRB- always a plus -RRB- 2 -RRB- it has more compatibility and expandibility in terms of flash apps than the 893 -RRB- the majority of teachers teach using the 83 as their example . In fact , many texts teach students to perform functions key for key , which will leave people with other calculators confused4 -RRB- it will suffice for calculus and all math classes in highschool , but the 89 is better5 -RRB- many teachers and peers will be able to help you with using the calculatory6 -RRB- the 83 is built for statistics , and therefore it is the calculator to have if you are taking statistics . Once again , the most popular statistics texts are based on the 837 -RRB- it is more user-friendly than the other calculators
 I bought this calculator back in High School about 6 years ago and have not regretted purchasing it ever . It is a great calculator , which is the proverbial truth that it takes a licking and keeps on ticking . The only reason that I mention this is that calculators take really large beating in backpacks and this specific one handles those very well . In the 6 years that I have had this calculator it has worked flawlessly and I have taken it with me to collage , where it is serving me very well . I would very much recommend this calculator to anyone that needs a graphing calculator . It does not matter if you are in high school or collage . It 's a great calculator . Further more unlike some of the other non-TI calculators and even the TI-86 and TI-89 this one is very easy to learn and use .
 This calculator is excellent for graphing , algebra and calculus . The manual seems intimidating at first , but it 's not . It is actually very simple and clear to use once you know the basic steps .
 This is the best calc you can buy ... . This is the best you can get for Geo , Algebra I , II , Pre-calculus , Calculus , Calc II , Trig and College math . DO N'T get the ti-89 . I know it has a better screen and more features but it is not allowed on some major tests -LRB- ACT , some SAT -RRB- . I thought I would need the 89 but this was more than enough . Besides , i asked my math teacher and he said the 89 was not allowed in Calc , since it makes you lazy . I have the 83 + Silver and I think it is more than enough for all math . The silver is a good choice for power users . It is also better than th 86 because it is Flash upgradable . If you want games this is the one for you too . Also if you pay the extra $ 20 for the silver , then you get a GraphLink , 1.5 MB of Flash , and a processor thats 2.5 as fast as the normal 83 + , which is a good deal since the GraphLink by itself is $ 20 . I know this is the perfect calc for High-School and College students becuase it is fast , has lots of mem , plenty of power , yet still just low enough to be allowed on the tests you 'll really need it on .
 Here are ten reasons you should consider the TI-83 Plus/TI -83 Plus Silver Edition :1 . Very fast , reliable calculations2 . Menu driven , so you can go straight to the category of functions you want , and select your item3 . It 's programmable , and for most applications , you can program useful algorithms and even games -LRB- games take up a lot more space than math programs however -RRB- 4 . Texas Instruments is constantly adding to the number of applications you can get , some for free , some for purchase . My favorites include
 i have had this for about a year now , and it works great.Only complaints i can have is that is not solar and it takes quite a while to get used to it.Once you get the hang of it though , you can do soo many things.A total must for any person persuing Math to a high level . ~ hope this helps
 The calculator is the best out there for your money.You can download games , so you can play during Prof. Kingston 's Advanced Algebra class .
 I bought the TI-83 + before I went back to school this year for 8th grade geometry . I thought i would need it , but it turns out I wo n't need it until next year . I still carry it around to get games from other people and give other people my games . If you do n't know what you 're doing , it 's very easy to delete all your programs off . Anyway , it 's a great calculator for an Algebra student and for any other thing . It came with like a 30 day warrenty so I had to go buy one that extended it for a year to protect it from falling and breaking .
 This calculator has been a great help to me . It works great and give me no headaches . It is easy to use and I would recommend that you use it too .
 The TI83 Calculator is a very helpful tool in doing difficult math . It has several features that allows you to do various types of math ranging from Algebra to Calculus . Once you have a TI83 , you will not want another calculator . Whether you 're a high school math student or a college professor , the TI83 is for you . Buy this useful tool today .
 There were tons of places to buy this calculator but Amazon.com had the best price without having to hassle with rebates or coupons . It was great having it delivered , right to my door !!!
 This transaction far exceeded what I expected from my first Amazon order ! Within 5 days I had the TI-83 SE in my hands , brand spanking new ! I would absolutely deal with this seller again . Excellent !
 Just as described . Not new . Not cleen . I removed stains and dirt . Please clean before send.Working fine though .
 Many high school math teachers now require students purchase a TI-83 or TI-83 + calculator before setting foot in their classes . In those classes , the teachers base their lectures and tests around the use of this calculator . Thus , the TI-83 has become a necessity ! Even when it 's not required , the TI-83 is still very helpful on tests . You can see all the numbers you type on the screen , so you no longer have to make careless mistakes and typos . It can also hold various programs and games -LRB- which you can download -RRB- . Many of the programs can help you solve complicated math problems , and you can even write the programs yourself . That said , I bought my TI-83 + only a few years ago , and it recently stopped turning on for no reason . The screen is completely blank , even with new batteries . I guess I expected something that cost a hundred bucks to last a bit longer .
 This calculator is great up through college but once you reach levels such as majoring in math in a university the thing is not good enough to work on . It is however a great improvement from the TI-83 + as it is much faster to work on with almost no loading times unless you are doing really long functions.Anyway the reason I am writing here is because many people report to the calculator to be `` dead '' . I have been around many classmates , teachers , and family that use this calculator and not once has the thing `` died '' where replacing the batteries will not fix it . Instead usually it is just a contrast problem where the calculator is adjusted to maximum brightness and it may appear that the screen is off instead of on . To fix this it is simple . Replace the batteries , Press the on button , press 2nd and then hold down the up arrow and the unit should be `` fixed '' . I hope this helps because I know for a fact that these things do n't `` die '' .
 This is definately an awesome calculator for any student . It has been a definate help for any math or science student . I am currently enrolled in an advanced chemistry class , and it is a god send . It has many different math modes and graphing modes . The screen is quite large with easy to view numbers . The graph itself is pretty uncomplicated in the way it is used.My favorite part so far , is that in the main menu , you have different math type options to choose from , and when you choose science mode , it calculates the answers in sig figs , with the powers of 10 . You also have the ability to save information and download off of the net.It is helpful with algebra and statistics , and while you are calculating , the screen holds all the information , so that you have all your previous questions and answeres in front of you . It even has the periodic table of elements!This is a great calculator for college students , and , high school students also . I recommend the Silver Edition , as I have both , and it is much faster in its calculations , plus it come with the cable to download with . I have tried other scientific calculators , and this is by far the best . Make sure you read the instruction manual throughly to help you along , and whatever you do , do not throw the manual away !
 My kids have always enjoyed using TI 's higher end graphing calculators . The TI-83 + is the calculator of choice for high school mathematics classes such as Agebra-I , Geometry and Algebra-II . The new silver edition adds significant amounts of storage for other `` fun '' applications , breathing new life into this line . Previously , my kids were inclined to move up to the TI-86 or TI-89 models - motivated primarily by the increased memory capacity . This tended to put them off on their own a bit when it came to following along in class or their textbooks , since much of the instruction is geared toward the TI-82 / TI-83 product line . -LRB- Not to say they do n't enjoy the additional features that come along with something like the TI-92 + , just that they will receive little to no assistance from their teachers should they have difficulty . -RRB-
 This is a must have for any student in Algebra 1 , Algebra 2 or Trig . It 's graphing features are great and it helps with many equations .
 This is a great product ! Just dont do what amazon did and put the case on backwards ! That 'll mess it up ! If your a High School student , GET THIS ! Graphing calculators are the only leagal gameboy allowed in class!You can get great programs -LRB- games too -RRB- for it ! Spend the extra dough for the + , it has many more options , and has 8X the memory !
 The strong point of this calculator is it 's user-friendliness . It 's not the ultimate powerhouse which is normal as there are multiple higher rated models even from the same manufacturer TI . However it has a reasonable numerical solver , an acceptable plotting feature and is rather strong in statistics including curve fitting . The TI-83 combines a lot of functionality with a mild learning curve . Nowadays you should probably get the comparable TI-84
 The TI-83 is definitely all you need to get you through high school calculus and most of your math classes if your major is n't heavy on the math or engineering courses . However , if you are an engineer or math major , the TI-89 is nearly indispensable . I know of one person who managed to get through his calculus classes -LRB- they were still undergrad studies , mind you -RRB- with an 83 , but everyone else used an 89 . Even for the students whose majors are biology , chemistry , etc. the TI-89 has a feature that allows you to store your notes in its huge memory . Of course , you have to learn to do this , but once you figure it out , chances are that you 'll be extremely happy you bought this calculator .
 It is not as easy as the TI-86 I had in 2000 , it is better than the TI-83 . In 2000 , I had a great professor in Statistics I . He broke the manual down , of the TI-86 , into 30 pages of simple English , and , I `` got it '' on how to work it . This manual is a little more complicated and assumes that you know the stuff already . They forget that their market is - those who DO N'T know how to already , they 're students!So , here 's what you do . Set aside a day , yes , A DAY , to read and understand the manual . BUY IT BEFORE CLASS STARTS !!! If you can , buy your textbooks early too and PRACTICE IT ! If you do , you will be spared what I went through.All and all , it is a great product that I reccommend , but , you have to practice on it !!! GOOD LUCK !
 This calculator is probobly the best one that i have owned . You can create graphs with it , you can do equations , you can even do complex algebra/trigonometry/calculus on this calculator . Also , for the kids , there are games that you can download quite simply of the internet for you to play in case by any chance you get bored during math class . -LRB- Do n't get any bright ideas ! -RRB- I know this product is very expensive , but it is well worth it once you realize how good this product actually is . Do yourself a favor , and buy this product !
 bought as a replacement for my TI 83plus . i ca n't tell a difference between the two except that the actual calculator looks different . it works just the same for me -LSB- doing calculus and finance stuff . -RSB- as of now , i say save your money and get an 83 instead of the other ones . TI-Titanium 85 + ... who needs that ? it 's not like you are playing super video games on it or whatever ... it 's not a cell phone
 I purchased this calculator for my algebra I and II courses -LRB- and found it helpful for chemistry as well -RRB- . At first , I was a bit surprised by just how expensive calculators were nowadays , but after using it in class , I found out why - it is not just a calculator , but a mini-computer . PROS
 I have been using the TI-83 plus for about three weeks now and I would n't go to my MA103 class without it . It does the job and is more affordable than some of it 's other counter parts . All in all I recommend it , but if you will be going into much lengthier math studies in later years you may consider spending the extra money on the better versions of the TI series .
 Who ever thinks that Calculators are cool ? But when the T1-83 plays a big part in your passing Math class , it can be pretty cool . It fufills all the requirements for a Math A -LRB- Math I and II -RRB- course as well as Math B -LRB- III -RRB- . It has awesome graphing skills and memory and can also `` write '' messages when put in `` ALOCK '' form . Its a very good calculator in general and , with the exception of needing to be reset every once in a while , works well . Its great for all your math needs . -LRB- Just a quick note-if this is being used for Math A then make sure the calculator is in the `` degrees '' mode . -RRB-
 Thanks for making a good manual . The graphing display is nice .
 Texas Instruments produces some of the most popular and well known graphing calculators in the industry . The TI-83 plus can do most any math problem found in Algebra I , Geometry , and even some Algebra II/Trigonometry . The wide screen allows for graphing equations and multi-line functions.The graphing capabilities of the TI-83 + are a superb choice for Algebra I classes . The ability to automatically find intersections and a variety of other important components of a graph are only key presses away.The calculator has a powerful matrix editor allowing for easy multiplication , addition , and subtraction of matrices . Division of matrices is not possible . The list editor allows for statistical analysis of data both numerically and graphically . Graphically , the 83 + can plot data in several different formats.Anyone who is familiar with the BASIC computer language can program the TI-83 + with ease . The calculator supports the use of almost every function through a program . Programs can be typed directly into the calculator , or on a computer . The TI-83 + also supports a special form of programs called Flash Applications . Flash Applications are generally quite complex , and are written in a special language on the computer.The manual included with the calculator is superb . It goes into detail on every single option the calculator supports . Every section includes a Quick Start tutorial that provides an practical example covering many of the chapter 's topics . Learning to program in TI-BASIC , the programming language of the calculator is possible through reading the entire manual and following the examples.The TI Graph Link cable is the interface between a computer -LRB- PC or Mac -RRB- and any TI Calculator with a link port . It comes in several variations depending on what kind of computer it will be hooked to . The cable is not included with the calculator , but can be purchased as an option . The TI-83 + Silver Edition includes a Black Link cable for Windows PCs.When the TI-83 + is outgrown , upgrading the TI-89 will require little work for anyone who has gained experience with TI 's entry level graphing calculator . The TI-89 has the capability to do Calculus and 3-Dimensional graphs primarily.Overall , the 83 + is an excellent choice for anyone taking an Algebra course or any math class above that . The calculator does basic arithmetic , graphic , statistics , matrices , and a variety of other mathematical operations .
 This particular model has been a very useful tool for the various college trig , stats , and finite math courses I 've taken over the past couple years . Its two-dimensional graphing , , matrices , exponents/roots , & probability-crunching capabilities turn many otherwise daunting mathematics problems into less of a chore.The TI-83 + can also store various math programs . I 've even discovered that there 're a few game programs , including bowling and a few fairly simple word puzzles . Of course , you 're gon na either need to punch in the codes manually , or download ` em via link from another TI-83 + that has them . Mind you , these little diversions are a far cry from Nintendo Game Boy , but it does give you something to do when you 're pretending to be paying attention to the instructor 's class lecture . The program function is also a good place to punch in and store various formulas for those times you need a bit of an edge during those midterm exams , nudge nudge wink wink . Just remember
 Generations of students and mathematicians have done all kinds of complex graphing and problem-solving without the aid of the TI-83 graphing calculator , and I feel sorry for them . This item is a much a fun toy as it is a learning tool . Granted , there is something to be said for doing some math by hand - you truly learn the mechanics of it . But this device lets you explore systems and areas previously only solvable with a giant room-size computer.Are you a math student ? Or even a reluctant math student ? Then this calculator is ESSENTIAL for courses from College Algebra on up . Beware , however , that the instruction manual is the size and weight of a small import car . But if your math instructor knows his or her stuff , he/she will guide you through in easy steps .
 Pros
 I think the upgradeability of this calculator is fantastic , plus the large screen size and ability to do complex tasks is great . However , the manual is about as thick as any novel I 've ever read . Buy this calculator , especially if your school recommends it .
 The condition , accessories , and delivery ALL exceeded my expectations ... and my daughter loves it ! I would recommend this to others and would purchase again if required .
 I bought this TI-83 used from Amazon at least 5 years ago . It has spent most of the time banging around in my backpack , and it still works like a champ.With heavy use , the batteries last about 1.5 to 2 semesters .
 This is a really good calculator for algebra . It came in great condition and it had fast shipping . I would keep it even after I 'm done with my college algebra
 This product was an excellent tool for solving graph , table , and math problems . I would recommend the use and purchase of Texas Instruments when it comes to calculators .
 It is an excellent calculator . I would recommend it to anyone . We usually always get the Texas Instrument . It is meeting the needs and more .
 Did n't come with a manual . Still expensive for an older model . But I got one that 's for sure at a better price on Amazon than I could have purchasing a newer model . Still able to use this for school . Cal 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 !!! It only gets harder !
 Came with connecting cords . Works like new . Exactly what I needed . Now I just have to figure out how to install things on it .
 Product was in excellent condition , works wonderfully , seller shipped very quick ... with in days . Received it within a business week ! Very pleased !
 The calculator was everything I was promised . New , carefully packed , and affordable . As a teacher , replacing equipment stolen while in my possession , I was thrilled to get such a reasonable offer . Thank you .
 This calculator met most of my needs for a Statistics test I needed to take . It did not have advanced features -LRB- or I could not easily figure this out -RRB- such as multiple regression , ANOVA for randomized block design etc.Overall , I liked the calculator for most of its features , but considering the cost of a new calculator , I would have expected some more advanced features . But I decided to buy a `` almost like new '' set for a much lower price , which worked fine for me .
 I 'm very happy with the calculator that I bought . I received it very promptly . I do n't have any complaints .
 great calculator . does everything promised . packaged perfectly . came BEFORE expected . ONLY problems
 Brand New and still going strong . Now my daught is sailing.Thx.Debbie
 An excellent choice for those needing a serious calculator , those with high school children requiring the same or collegiate level calculations !! Wonderful device !
 Ti 83 is a very useful machine . It has extended capabilities , and the manufacturer is very supportive to the customers so that they can get the most out of the product .
 The service was great . After I bought the calculator I had received it within 4 - 5 business days . It was very convenient for me . The calculator was packaged in bubble wrap and came in great condition .
 it is what it is , it was new and I had to learn how to use it through a tutoring session for my statistics class but once I learned I was fine .
 this calculator is extremely convenient to use and very useful , especially for undergraduate students taking classes such as chemistry , physics , etc. .
 I bought the calculator from Abacus via Amazon.com . In 2-3 days , I received the calculator even though it came with the standard free mailing option . The calculator is in a really condition . It works well . The batteries of the calculator were also new . I am glad that I purchased this 2nd hand calculator instead of paying much more for a new one !
 This was truly a life saver for me ; at the last minute my instructor states that we needed this calulator in order to past the course . The time frame it took to reach me was outstanding ; was very pleased !
 I was very satisfied with my purchase . The description was accurate and it was a good buy .
 The shipping time was not too long and the calculator works as it was said to . It is used and has some marks and scratches , but I do not mind , it does the job .
 This was exactly what I needed . The case was a little beat up , but it 's used . It showed up quickly -LRB- I asked for expedited shipping -RRB- and worked perfectly . And continues to work a month later .
 This item has come very handy . It is in an awesome condition , just like new . I wished it had a manual or something but I sort of knew how to use it and the book that I use for my math explains how to use some other features . No a single problem with the calculator and for the price I paid it is more than worthy it .
 The calculator I receive is quite good . Except it 's not really silver , to be accurate , it 's transparent.P.S
 I recieved this product very quickly , and in a good condition . It works great as it is new.I really like it . I thank the seller and I thank Amazon.com for its service .
 I got this for my brother who needed it for stats i like the look of it and it has the extra memory and usb capability but i did n't like the way you cant put the cover on the back when you use it but my brother does n't mind so over all it was a good buy
 I got my calculator faster than the I expected and it was in great working condition ! Loved it and I got a great deal on it too .
 Really nice calculator . I would recommend this calculator to anyone . Cant beat Texas Instruments ! Seller was also real quick . Highly recommend product and seller .
 I will order from this vendor again if the need arises . The Texas Instruments TI83 Graphing Calculator was delivered quickly , and in pristine condition , along with the CD , and I have experienced zero problems . The pricing was competitive , which is why I chose them in the first place . I do n't think you will have any problems if you order from this vendor .
 My son 's calculator arrived in great condition and ahead of schedule . The company we purchased it from , Oceanside Computers , is very concerned with customer satisfaction . I would buy from them again .
 I love this calculator . It has helped me with my statistics class . It makes life so much easier .
 My daughter really needed help in her math class . The math was to advance for me , she needed this graphic . Since she had this calculator her grades have impoved , she says its easy to operate .
 I am very happy shopping at Amazon.com I am a loyal customer of Amazon because of its prices and the quality of the merchandise . My son is very happy with this TI-83 . Thank you Amazon !
 Perfect calculator for college-level math and science classes . It still works and I am extremely pleased with this purchase . You 'll never need another calculator as long as you have this one .
 I love this new TI - 83 it is in perfect working condition and arrived quickly and safe in its perfectly sized box . The cord and CD that came with it both work and I am so happy that I bought them from this website . Thank you !
 It works . It does exactly what a graphing calculator should do . You hit buttons , followed by more buttons , and if you used the correct syntax for mathematical computations , you get the correct answer . What more do you need in a graphing calculator ?
 Face it , people . You are shelling out a lot of money for an outdated technology when you should be getting this : Texas Instruments Nspire CX CAS Graphing Calculator -LRB- N3CAS/GC/2L1 -RRB- . The TI 83 was made in mid 90 's . Time to move on , people .
 It works well for the Statistics class I am enrolled in and very good price . Batteries included would have been nice though !
 Just received the calculator and was amazed how brand new it looked . It was listed as Used and it looked & felt new . There are some small noticeable scratches on the top edge of the calculator , however it must be from the cover . The cover looks new and there are n't any buttons missing , or any grips on the cover . It works perfect ! The only thing that did n't came with the calculator was the manual to it and batteries , but it 's okay cause I do n't need the manual to use it and I already have -LRB- AAA -RRB- batteries . Oh and the best part , it came before the estimated date ! I was suppose to be expecting it on Sept. 25 , 2012 but came today -LRB- Sept. 22 , 2012 -RRB- . Amazing ! It 's light , hardly any scratches and it was cheaper than the ones in WalMart , OfficeDepot or any other place . So I basically saved myself money for buying a used calculator that looks , feels and works new . I 'm a highly satisfied & happy person right now ! : -RRB-
 This calculator looks almost brand new . The only thing I did n't like is that the keys need to be pressed a little harder than I like . I guess it got a lot of use from someone else . Everything works great and it looks nice though so I 'm happy .
 This calculator functions exactly as it needs to but has and added benefit , style ! It looks great and stands out among the other calculators . My daughter can tell which calculator is hers from a mile away and so can her classmates !
 No problems with it at all . . Works fine and its just like new . . maybe even better ... ...
 The product came quickly , before I expected it . It had all of the items that were listed . I am satidfied with the product and the company that sent it to me .
 We used this calculator for an intro to statistics course in college . Although it was many buttons overrall it is n't complicated to use . The calculator comes with cover , manual but not the usb cable . The price seems to be high for a college student . College students pay enough for tuition , commuting , and books . Texas Intrument should consider a price drop to make it more economical to students .
 The item was good and we got it very quickly and it works very well . Thanks for the calculator . I just wish you included a manual with it .
 This is an easy to use instrument . Helps you solve time-value-of-money calculations including annuities , mortgages , leases , and savings . Also generates amortization schedules . The Seller provided fast-free shipping . Frostidflake 192284 is the best and gets an A + for courteous customer service as I needed special accommodation to purchase this item .
 Item came very quickly -LRB- within a week -RRB- and there was nothing wrong with item . These calculators are easily more than $ 150 brand new , so we saved ourselves a good chunk of money and we are very happy !
 This was one of the calculators that was permitted for the exam I was going to take . My main problem was that I had this just one week before the exam and could not find enough time to learn how to use all of its functions properly but it seems to have lots of capabilities and I am hoping to be able to learn all those . It did not come with the USB Cable and the complete manual and I had to go to Texas Instrument site to download the manual . Overall it is a good and powerful graphic calculator and I am sure I will use it a lot .
 Purchased this for an online calculus class . I am familiar with the TI graphing calcultor family , but I 've been out of the game for a while . Easy to use and remember how to use . Came in great condition . Recommend item and seller .
 The buttons are nice to press . It 's easy to use because it 's like the ones they use in high school .
 The description was right and the calculator was in perfect condition . and you ca n't beat the money save ! they shipped it fast and I would recommend it to anyone !
 This calculator is great - I 've been using this model for over 10 years now for everything from graphing to complex calculations . Large window display makes it easy to go back and see if you made mistakes punching in numbers when calculations go wrong.Wouldn ' t use any other calculator if my TI-83 did n't keep getting stolen .
 Delivery was the earliest estimated delivery day . There was an CD showing how to run the calculator . It arrived in good working order , but do not expect to receive the cord with it .
 If you do not know where all the buttons are on this calculator do not go with the cheapest one , some of the symbols may be wiped off from being used so much . Other than that it 's an easy to use calculator .
 Our school district requires this exact calculator for some of the math classes and with Amazon , I got it for 23 % less than I could here and it came to my door .
 Product was like it was described . It was well with the money and it works great . I would happly buy from again .
 Fast shipping , works like new , thanks . I 've used this type before at school and was very happy to find one online for such a good price .
 This calculator is good . I got a used one but it works and looks like new . All I had to do was buy 4 Triple-A batteries . I use it for college algebra and probably will need it for trig , pre-calc , stats , or just calc . All in all this calculator is a good deal and will help you through all these hard ass math courses .
 I would not hesitate to order again . Calculator came in it 's own blister pack which had not been opened . I could n't tell it from a similar item advertised in our local big box store . No problems have surfaced so far .
 So happy to have found this product for my son -LRB- high school -RRB- . I was able to save a substantial amount of money vs. retail . It was used but in excellent condition and I received it within 3-4 days . Has been working great for over a year now .
 This calculator was half the price of a new one , yet it was in perfect condition . Everything was in perfect order , and all the parts were included . I was very pleased .
 The programming is easily learned and a wide variety of programs are available on the Internet . -LRB- Including games to play during boring classes ... -RRB- I would definitely recommend this calc for any middle school or early high school math classes . I bought this calculator while taking a Algebra class in middle school , since then I have also used it in Geometry and Algebra II . It is a great calculator !
 Needed this calculator for school but could not find for less than $ 90 except on Amazon . Got it for $ 85 and no shipping costs . Great deal !
 I bought a used TI-83 for my son . It arrived in the mail within a few days , and it works just fine . Great bargain .
 This was a gift to help my niece in high school . She sent me a message and said it does everything she expected and more .
 I bought this for my granddaughter , she is a Junior in HS and needed a graphing calculator . She told me all of her friends paid a great deal morethe the same or similar calculator . She told me that a few kids even want to borrow hers because it is bigger and easier to use . We are extremelyhappy with the price and the quality . Thank you , Linda -LRB- a very satistied customer . -RRB-
 I needed to get this calculator for my daughter who is in 9th grade . I was able to purchase this with my Discover rewards . The calculator arrived on time and met our expectations . I will definitely purchase from Amazon again .
 It was just what my daughter needed for her math and science classes . she says it works great and all her classmates are jealous !
 This calculator is the best !!! Its best feature is that it is easy to use . My high school , and alot of others , are still using the TI-82 , so when you learn to use the calculator , you have to learn on your own . But simce the 83 + is really similar to the 82 , learning the functions is easy . Its fast and easy , and the pixels are easy to read . It was great on the PSAT . Its also alot cheaper than the 89 or 92 , and performs all the functions that you will need up to Calculus and even slightly beyond . I reccomend this calculator to any High School Student in Algebra 2 or higher .
 Really , this calculator is fantastic . I have used it since four months ago and still i have no trobles our dificults in solving my problems .
 The TI-83 is really cool . It can do lots and you can download stuff , play games , draw , graph things -LRB- hence the name `` Graphing Calculator '' -RRB- , etc. . . I also am getting a TI-89 , which are cool to . Oh , yeah , the TI-83 has 24 KB for games and programs . That is enought for a calculator if you did n't know .
 The TI 83 is one of the easiest calculators I have used . It shows almost everthing you could need to know about a algebra problem . My class has been using them this year a lot and they are so easy to use and fast .
 The thing about this calculator is that not only does it do a great job with helping you in algebra but it also lets you download games that are actually fun ! If I did n't have it I would n't have done too well in Algebra last year !
 I am going into High school and had one of these last year , which the school lent to us -LRB- Now I have bought my own -RRB- . You can do almost anything with them . They are great for Algebra and graphing equations . I really recommend it .
 I bought this calculator when I started high school and I have not needed a new calculator since . It has served me well for 7 years and is still going strong . Perfect for everyday use and for any other use should you need its higher functions . I also find it very easy to use !
 I do n't really like high school math classes but this calculator has helped me quickly get my homework and tests done with A 's across the board . Although I have a TI-89 Ti now , I could n't have survived math without this calculator .
 I wish I had had this calculator for Algebra II last year . My teacher would only let us use scientific calcs so that we would learn the math on our own . This year I have the TI-83 for Pre-Calculus and I do n't know what I would do without it . I love it because it cuts out so much of the tedious work I ued to have to do . I would recomend this calculator for anyone in Algebra-Calculus classes .
 The calculator has an obvious ink blotch but is still useable and the ink was disclosed and I received the calculator within 5 days
 I really enjoy this calculator . It was specifically required for my class , and despite the fact that I have now idea how to use it fully or partially even , it is more than enough graphing calculator for me .
 I simply could not have finished school without this tool ! The important thing is to have it when you start and use it or every class you can . There are so many functions available that it would take years to learn them all . I am done with school now but not my calcuator .
 thank you so much ! i love the calculator . the ones at the store are really expensive , so the price was really good . the only complaint i really have was that my calculator was n't working when i first got it , but i then changed the batteries and it worked . but overall , it works great and i really enjoy it ! thank you !
 I have used the Texas Instruments TI-83 Plus edition all throughout middle school , high school , college , and now my guardian child uses it for her middle school work ! The best investment I ever made for myself and my children ! Very sturdy and the battery lasts forever in it . I think I have changed them maybe one time in all these years . A + + + + + +
 Reliable seller . Quick response , keep you informed each step of your order by email . Definitely will come back to seller for next purchase
 I 'm happy with my purchase . I got my TI-83 Plus delivered to me in record time . This calculator is very useful for the classes I 'm taking towards my MBA .
 I 'm very satisfied this item . The seller shipped it very fast . Item is like new .
 made several bids on ebay and was unable to win , then this add for to buynow came there it was for the same price for a used one that i was biddig on . my daughter was greatful to receive it so quickly
 I need this for math that is why I purchased it .
 Im trying to find out how to program games into my calc . I heard that I could find some on the web and that I needed to purchase a hookup of some kind . Any help about hardware and where to find some games would help . Thanks ...
 This Calculater is besy Tis like a student Dream Come true This will help you alot in your class free time in class ? PLay some games!Yes you heard me you can play game on this Calculater !
 Needed this calculator for school but could not find for less than $ 90 except on Amazon . Got it for $ 85 and no shipping costs . Great deal !
 It is a fine calculator and my daughter is having no problems with it . My only coment is that for the price that we paid you would think that the batteries would come with it .
 This was bought for my granddaughters in high school . One in middle school was having trouble understanding algebra and this is helping her alot . They used it in her classroom last year and she liked it.The high school ` lent ' students these last year and my granddaughter used it all year and said it was easy to understand .
 This was the recommended calculator for the pre-calc course I 'm taking . It came with a '' ... for Dummies '' manual , and that is helpful . The used instrument I received was pretty dirty , looked like it had been in regular use for years , but it cleaned up easily -LRB- crumbs -RRB- , and works like new . Reviews I read cautioned against getting the more functional , newer models , as they are not allowed by many instructors . I was completely satisfied with my purchase .
 I have used this type of calculator for several years , and it is an excellent one for all of your basic math needs as well as the more advanced types of problems . It does n't have all the added features of the higher number models , but that makes it less confusing in my opinion .
 I bought this calculator for school . I was recommended by the teacher to get one . It will make life much easier . At first I had a hard time using this calculator , but after understanding how it works . I can do my homework much faster and less mistakes .
 I just wanted to extend my thanks . While working on a test the calculator I was using stop working . I contacted the seller and he made sure I got the replacement calculator in a hurry . I am above satisfied with his service and product .
 Laughing at everyone else in math class . Got this for 38 while they paid 130 . only thing they have over me is the box and the instruction booklet . Calc works perfect and all i had to do was throw in some new batteries
 I needed this calculator for a statistics class but did not want to pay full price for a new one . This one was used but in excellent condition . I could n't have gotten through the course without it . I paid extra for expedited shipping and it still cost way less than a new one ! Good value .
 The shipping was really fast , and the calculator was n't broken when it arrived . It 's clean , the screen is n't scratched , it works very well . I got it about a month ago and use it every few days , and I have n't had to change the batteries yet . It came with a cable that can connect two calculators together , but you ca n't hook it up to a computer with this cable . The buttons do n't stick . Very pleased with the vendor `` syracusecalculus '' for used calculators .
 The product came quickly , before I expected it . It had all of the items that were listed . I am satidfied with the product and the company that sent it to me .
 Came in quick ! The device was very dirty and had no papers or intructions . Otherwise it was a great deal and served its purpose .
 My son was extremely pleased with the features . We got more for our money by buying a preowned one and I really feel we made a great choice !
 Bought this used for my son to use in his high school classes as recommended by one of his teachers and he is pleased with it . No problems at all .
 As the sellern has described , there are marks on this used calculator , but I managed to clear them up by my self . The calculator itself is functioning well , but the resulution is kind of disappointing . I want to deduct one point because this one is really old , I mean the case can not even hold together with the calculator . 60 dollors is a little bit expensive for such an old calculator.Sometimes you can just download a functioning app doing your homework .
 for it to be a used product it was in great shape had no problems of the product and my daughter love it!it met all of my expectations and more !
 Just as I expected it to be ! Product was new , and exactky what was needed for the class the person I bought it for was taking !
 Was just what I wanted.It was in great condition . It came without scratches and was very clean . Works well ! Paid a very good price .
 I am so happy how fast this product came , it was brand-new with the case and it was n't full price
 I did not want to buy another new calculatorsince they seem to get stolen all the time.This was the perfect answer getting a usedfunctioning calculator for the ACT test.It arrived in plenty of time and in conditionas described . A good experience .
 Great for many classes . I saw it being used in High School and still in many college courses too . I 've never being able to use all its different functions but the ones I used made all the work easier . It is hard to use if you are not familiar with a graphic calculator though . In my opinion is a great calculator .
 Was looking for a high quality graphing calculator at an affordable price . This item fit both categories perfectly . I am very pleased with this item and would buy from this seller again any time .
 The calculator does everything it say it does . Not a single issue with function . Also , it 's very useful that it can be connected to the computer .
 I was not looking forward to paying this much for a calculator but i needed it for college . This was the cheapest i could find it and i have to say that i am pleased . came in great shape and works great
 Item came in very great condition , fast shipping , I had an exam coming up for a class and was afraid I would n't have the clac in time but to my surprise it was waiting for me in my mail box . Very happy customer , I would definitely order from again !
 This calculator is great . Once I learn all the functions I do n't think I will need another . Bought used so there was no instructions on how to use it , so I 'm having to get a lot of help with it . Would recommend it for graphing use .
 I was a bit reluctant to get a calculator online , but I had no other choice due to my financial situation as a poor student . I would have liked a TI-84 but this one works just as well . It 's been very useful and its been about four months since I 've received it and have n't had a single issue with it . Thanks so much !
 This calculator works awesome , great graphing functions , best of the texas instruments , at a great price this its a real deal
 I just ordered the TI83 calculator to replace the one that was stolen from me . I was hesitant to get a used one online , but read all of the great reviews for this seller & decided to give it a try . I got my calculator very quickly . It 's like new and also had batteries included . I can now finish my math homework & have a calculator for my final exam .
 I found out that I needed a calculator for school and I searched everywhere for one but at last I decided to choose the Texas Instrument TI-83 plus . I 'm satisfied with it now because it is not an intricate device but it is still able to calculate hard things . Since a lot of this is being sold , I can find many Apps which I could download onto this . If you are looking for a great calculator , you might as well buy the Ti-83 plus , you wo n't regret it .
 this is one of the best calulators out there . You can even load games onto it from the internet so u can play them during class and your teacher will not know . It also is very reliable and wo n't break down . everyone should get this calculator !!!!!
 Yes , my brother sent me a Texas Instruments TI-83 plus.S.E . from his home in N.America . It came of course with the `` Getting Started '' guidebook -LRB- 60 pges , A5 format and also a CD which you are supposed to place on your computer in order to down the FULL ELECTRONIC GUIDEBOOK . Now I havent got a computer and I thus need a full PRINTED GUIDEBOOK iin order to maximise the potential of the calculator . But when you contact customer services at Texas Instruments you are told they do not sell printed FULL guidebook.So I have got a wondeful piece of electronic wizardry which I am painstakingly trying to figure out how it works all because Texas Instruments in its wisdom decides its going to be `` with it '' and restrict opoerational advice to the realm of cyber space.Now I am NOT a `` Luddite '' -LRB- check on English history '' -RRB- but its not reasonable to be sold a 150US dollar piece of gagetry and then be told you need to spend a further 1000 US dollars or so in order to make it work to its full potential.Having finished that gripe I AM happy with the functioning of the calculator ... my only gripe is the impossibility of buying a PRINTED FULL GUIDEBOOK and NOT being told in advance that this is the situation before getting ones N < American relatives to buy on for you . Charles Marshall , Wimborne , England .
 This was the recommended calculator for my daughter from her freshman Algebra teacher . 2 years later , it has proven to be a great , easy-to-use instrument for more advanced math and science courses ! Well worth the price ! Reliable and easy to use !
 The biggest advantage of this phone is the ability to sync it to you computer . You can type notes into a `` program '' and display them onto your calc . Nice feature for equation etc. .
 I love this calculator . I used it so often . I even made my own programs on it . The calculator had all the functions it needed , and nothing more . Mine was stolen , and I purchased a TI 89 . I was dissapointed by the 89 . It was simply to complicated . The manual was so large that it came on a CD ! Get the 83 Plus ! It is the best !!!
 This has to be one of the best graphing calculators out there . It has the same features as the TI-83 + and more ! But also has 3 times for memory and runs 10 times faster . The extra space creates more room for your math/science homework and for programs to help you with your science/math homework . This does n't have as many features as the TI-89 or TI-92 , but those features are often not needed and very confusing . The features that the TI-83 Plus Silver Edition has that the TI-83 + does n't are
 This is a really neat calculator ... The only differences in the 83 Plus and the 83 Plus Silver Edition , is the the silvers ' processor is 2.5 times faster and has 1.56 MB of memory . Not alot of difference . But if you are willing to pay the extra 30 bucks . . then go right ahead ... it is WELL WORTH IT !! But if you want features , go for the TI-89 Advanced !! It is great too , that is what my mom has . I do say , go for this calculator . It is well worth the price . And , of course , all you gamers out there , you CAN put games on it ; -RRB-
 I just bought mine and i love it . One of the things i love is downloading games to play on it while we have free time during class or when im bored at home . It has tons of mathematical and scientific uses too . Everyone should own one !
 I am a student of civil engeneering and i just cant leave it at home !!! the size is just great , it is very easy to use ... Flash is very easy to install and you can download them through the internet !!!
 I ordered this calculator for my sons statistics class . We were both very pleased . The order arrived quickly , and was in great shape , better than we had hoped .
 The product is very efficent and it is serving its purpose . The price was incredible as I saved a lot as opposed to buying it at a store . The product itself is reliable and it is in good condition .
 Everything was as it said it was . A great deal on an exceptional calculator . A +
 The calc came quick . Faster than anything else I bought on amazon that day . The only thing that was a surprise was that the calc was rated as very new but there were noticeable marks and a yellow mark on the back ...
 the product works very well for precalc and calculus classes . nothing wrong with the calculator at all .
 Texas Instruments TI83 Graphing CalculatorThis calculator did the trick at 1/2 the price of Office Depot and other retail locations .
 I would rate the purchase I have made with the highest possible . Great service , shipped and received on time.I recommend this company to everybody.Thank you very much.Linda
 This product is great and it was received in excellent condition and in a timely manner . The seller graciously reminded us of the need for batteries and the type .
 It meets all the requirements of anyone taking a math class that 's calculus or below . the only down side I can think of is that it does n't have games on it , but I do n't really care about that .
 This hand-held super computer will introduce you to the joys of graphical mathmatics and equations . It 's a good way to see the results , but nothing can beat a good text book for a solid understanding of higher math !
 I have n't owned many calculators in my life time , and this is most likely the last calculator i will ever buy . Texas Instruments is a trusted name in the calculator business and they have out done them self with this upgraded version of the TI-83 . This one has a sleeker screen and more options than its lower counterpart , and it will do just about everything . -LRB- IM not sure about Honors calculus though . -RRB- and on top of all that you can play games on it , it has excellent resolution for being a calculator , and it almost doubles for a handheld videogame system . I enjoy mine , and the 4 AAA batteries that last about 6 months wo n't leave you wanting more power .
 i got one of these from the best company , amazon.com , which i have orderd many products from them , and this one is on the top of the list . great for algebra 2 , which i got for my son , and he says that it has helped him out termandisly . !
 This Calculator is great !! It can be used for Science and Math , but the flash card program that comes on this calculator can be used for any subject !! It helps you study because you can pre-program the cards to what you 're studying !! Also If you 've finished testing , after you 've aced it of course , you can play games on your calculator . Either from the Puzzle Pack or from games you download from the internet , just dont get caught playin ' em !!
 I love my calculator . It 's perfect for my math class . I would reccomend for anyone in high school math to own a graphing calculator . I have a less powerful calculator -LRB- only a TI-30 or something like that -RRB- but I never use it . I mostly like being able to see the problems that I 've done . With my 30 , I never got that and I 'd do things twice or make mistakes . Now I can see what I 've done which helps me make connections . There are a few features that I love1 . Prob Stimulator - > I must admit when you already know the material that is being reviewed in class , it 's very entertaining to roll dice . -LRB- What can I say ? I 'm a freshman ;--RRB- -RRB- 2 . Graphs - > duh , this is used very often3 . Under the math menu there is a button I use often . You can change decimals into fractions ! I know ! It 's fantastic ! You can * gasp * get the fraction for that long nonterminating decimal .
 You are the dumbiest person i 've ever seen . First of all this is the 83 PLUS not 83 . Second its a graphing calculator . It not all used for you stupid styles , music , color screens , backlit and wireless . THAT IS NOT IMPORTANT IN A CALCULATOR . I dont know how you find it useless . Its an amazing product that will greatly assist you in mathematics . All the function you found `` useless '' are very valuable -LRB- maybe not for you -RRB- . The calculator is made for math . And its great in doing so . When you want a calculator you dont look for stupid things like that guy did . Its batteries last for 1 + -LRB- if you use it very often daily , like me -RRB- . The functions provide quit solving . Very useful and required in high school . Dont get draw out by the lone review . This stupid kid who cares about enjoyment dont know bs about calculators . And i dont know why he got one .
 This calculator is the coolest . It has an orginizer that u can put ur friends numbers down in . It also has pre-loaded games on it . It has cards that can help me to study .
 I originally got this in eighth grade . When I saw it , it was kind of intimidating , but now , I love it ! It 's lasted me all the way through high school , and is still going . I can play games right in front of my teachers , and they remain clueless ! Excellent calc !
 I recieved this calculator as an eight grade graduation gift . I was previously in the honors Algebra 1 class in 8th grade and will be taking Geometry and Algebra 2 next year and this calculator will serve me well . This calculator is expandable to my every need . I just have to download new software and transfer it to the calculator . Everything you need is in this package -LRB- including the Link cable to download from your computer which otherwise will cost $ 16 -RRB- . This calculator has so much room for applications and programs while being over 200 % faster than the TI-83 Plus . It can do everything in high school math and beyond . It is great for the science classes too . Although it needs a little time to figure it out -LRB- like all other graphing calculators -RRB- , this calculator has a ton of easy accessable features that will help in school and at home . I 'd have to say this is the best calculator to get without going overboard in price and features . This calculator handles every possible need for a graphing calculator .
 I was going to buy this calculator for my math class when i saw the price at the college bookstore i was really scared it was almost $ 130 so i decided to find it here and the price was excellent just $ 97 beside i was expecting it from 3-5 days after my purchase and i got it the next day . The calculator works perfect , it 's very light and easy to use . I totally recomend it !
 Look no further . This graphing calculator is one of the best I 've had in many years . Although the first time you press the `` on '' button there 's a blank screen , there are hundreds of options you can access using small amounts of buttons.Using this calculator does not require lots of effort . For people who never used a graphing calculator in their lives will find that the TI83 Plus easy to use . If you buy this calculator though , my first suggestion is to read the beginning chapters of the manual -LRB- yes ... I know it 's big -RRB- . Learn to do just the basic things , and once you 've done that , harder things will become easier too.If you are still thinking `` Yeah , but why should I get this calculator ? '' , you should know that there are very cool things about it . First of all , you can store Applications into your calculator , such as games , flashcards or even a Periodic Table . However , a Graph-Link cable is recommended to connect your computer with the calculator , since the applications are downloaded to your computer . Other cool tricks are being able to see your graph and table at the same time by splitting the screen into two . You can make lists , matrices , store numbers as variables and many other things.This calculator is a must-buy for students who need a graphing calculator or if it is their first time using one . It 's easy to use , it has smooth buttons , and the numbers on the screen are big and visible . Once you get used to it , you will never let go of it . Once again , if you do buy it , skim over the first chapters of the manual and do the practice problems with your calculator . All I can say is that it works very good for me !
 I purchased my TI-83 Plus in 1999 and still have it today . I have never had any problems with it and can only remember changing the batteries 3 or 4 times . I 've even dropped it from my 2nd story balcony by accident -LRB- more like a friend knocked it off a table on the balcony -RRB- and it did n't break . When I turned it on after it fell , my calculations were still on the screen!It is easy to use and fast enough for all high school and college mathematics.I 'd recommend it to anyone who needs a workhorse of a calculator .
 The TI-83 SE is very very very good . Probably very x 10 ^ 6 . I like it because it has the console of a Ti-83 , but the power of a Pocket PC . I have read speed tests conducted by CASIO fans on normal Ti-83 's . Its nonsense . According to that test , it took 30-40 secs for a ti-83 to add matrices and display numbers from 1 to 1000 simultaneously in a program . Well , I decided to do that on my SE . It took merely 7 secs . On the box/package it comes in , it states that it is 2.5 times faster than a normal TI-83 plus . DO N'T DOUBT IT !!! It graphs at great speeds . It may not have built-in 3D graphing capabilities of a TI-92 but many have created 3D engines for the TI-83 plus , and on the SE , it is so darn cool ! I would recommend this calculator for all High School Students who are at least in Intermediate Algebra/Trig/Pre-Calculus . If you are a person who is looking for more memory and speed for games and programs , this is the calc that will do it . My score
 I am a senior in high school and when i found out I needed a graphing calculator my parents got me a TI-81 and when I got it I realized I needed more , so in the 11th grade they got me the TI-83 Plus , but I thought I needed the TI-89 . I got this calculator and realized it was all I really needed . It has everything you need for most Math classes . It is absolutely the best for Trig . At the end of my Junior year I knew I would need the TI-89 for Calculus so I bought myself one . I love it but I still find myself going back to the TI-83 Plus although the TI-89 is said to be the better calculator . Take it for someone who knows and has 3 graphing calculators . The TI-83 Plus is not only economical but it is very efficient . I has everything you will ever need all in one calculator without having a TI-89 . I will be taking Cal 2 next year and will take all the Calculus classes and will always go back to my TI-83 Plus .
 For someone who is new to graphing calculators , this is the perfect one to buy . -LRB- I have owned the TI-83 , TI-86 , and TI-92 -RRB- The TI-83 has an excellent key layout -LRB- better than the TI-82 or 85 -RRB- , an easy to use graphing interface , and a simple programming language for creating conversion programs , etc. . For more advanced features such as derivative solving capability or a QWERTY style keyboard you will have to buy the $ 200 TI-92 , but even advanced calculus classes usually do n't require such a powerful calculator ; in fact , many of them do n't allow it -LRB- the TI-92 -RRB- . If you are trying to decide between the TI-82 and 83 , you should definitely pay the few extra dollars for the 83 . The extra features , improved display , and faster processing make it an easy decision .
 This is definetly one of the best calculators that can be used from highschool on . I bought it in ninth grade and boy ! it is useful.It is required/allowed on many tests which is a relief because you are allowed to have programs on the calculator that will help you on the test , which saves you MUCH time and helps your accuracy . . believe me ! It is best to get to know your calculator early on so you will be ready later.The TI-83 Plus Silver edition is better than TI-83 plus in many ways , other than the dazzling cover and larger/faster memory , there are many useful programs that are already included for you -LRB- saves you the time -RRB- . If you go to the TI website , they also have many programs that are free for the Silver edition which cost money for the regular ti-83 plus . The graph link is also a great relief , it is a great time saver , you dont have to buy another link seperately , and it also gives you the opputunity to download lots off great programs and . . games into the calculator . I know friends that dont want to use their money to buy a link so whenever they want a program , they look all over trying to find a person who has that program in their calculator so they can transfer the data over . . Whew ! tedious ! It would be alot easier just to get a silver edition , its not that much more expansive . Overall , if your going to get a TI-83 . . get the TI-83 Plus Silver Edition , I 'm positive you wont regret it :-RRB- Go for the Silver Edition .
 I got this calculator when I was in 10th grade and have used it every since . It 's an invaluable tool for high school mathematics and even college math . It has many modes and options . It has sin , cos , tan , e , pi , and exponential functions . Its widespread availability makes it perfect for exchanging programs . I have used the wire that comes with it to exchange programs many times.There is also a fun factor in this calculator . Games are widely availabe and include classics like tetris and snake . There is an OS called Mirage that hosts games also.The depreciation of price is slow for this calculator because demand is high . It is used for most Advanced Mathematics courses.The portability of the TI-83 plus is a very nice plus . It 's light weight and comes with a nice cover.The TI-83 is a very durable and stable calculator . The batteries last for approximately 50 hours -LRB- 4 triple A batteries -RRB- . The resolution is decent for this calculator . The TI-83 plus automatically shuts off after being inactive for some time -LRB- about 2 minutes ? -RRB- . The TI-83 is by far more popular than the TI-89 and 86 . It is a great tool , it is versatile , and it 's very powerful . It 's a computer that is a great value .
 IMHO , if your child 's teacher asks you to get a TI 83 Plus , please get the 83 Plus . My physics students use the 83 Plus for data collection with a great deal of success , because that is the calculator I have time to support in the classroom . It is very difficult for the classroom teacher to properly support more than one graphing calculator in a given class.On the other hand , if I teach AP Physics C , I like students to have the TI-89 . That is the calculator that I would best be able to support in teaching AP physics as it does what is needed at the AP Physics level.Please make your student 's experience in any class more successful by getting the calculator the teacher recommends , as that is the calculator the teacher will be best able to help with . These calculators can be very confusing for students to learn , so using what the rest of the class is using is going to result in the greatest amount of learning possible .
 I received this product in a timely manner and was like new as stated . I am very pleased .
 I 'm a math teacher and a student lost the calculator she was assigned . I went on Amazon and found a replacement one and it came very quickly and was in like new shape .
 THIS IS A GREAT CALCULATOR FOR JR. . HIGH SCHOOL STUDENTS THROUGH COLLEGE STUDENTS . HELPS YOU GET THE GRADE .
 The TI 83 + / SE is the best of all of the calculators ever made . Able to download games and comes with tons of applications to help make your life easier.Texas Instruments in my opinion is MUCH better that other calculator brands -LRB- Casio , etc. -RRB- I love my TI - 83 Plus Silver Edition Calculator !!! :-RRB- :-RRB- :-RRB- :-RRB- :-RRB- :-RRB- :-RRB- :-RRB- :-RRB- :-RRB- :-RRB- :-RRB- :-RRB- :-RRB- :-RRB- :-RRB- :-RRB- :-RRB- :-RRB- :-RRB- :-RRB- : -RRB-
 I have been using the TI-83 Plus for almost three years now . It has been my companion throughout almost all of my high school math and science classes . Believe me , if you go to high school in New York State , or anywhere for that matter , it is an absolute must-have . In my school , just about everyone has one . This calculator has so many functions , I am still not completely sure of its true capabilities . It 's a good thing the math teachers teach us tricks for applying the calculator to whatever we are doing in class . If the teachers in your school are not as nice , just refer to the very large manual that comes with it.Unless you loose the calculator , it will faithfully take you through high school math , and is also useful for Physics and Chemistry . The added applications such as the Science Tools program and the Periodic table are very useful . The calculator can become a black and white gaming device , which is extremely useful for keeping one awake during one of those boring days in Physics . For games and applications , visit ticalc.org and buy the cheap `` Graph Link '' cable to hook the calculator up to your computer . If you buy the link , do n't make the same mistake I made , be sure to plug it into the serial port when the computer is turned OFF!To parents everywhere - the price of this calculator is a bargain for what you get .
 Great calculator . I just bought it this year for my Algebra 2 class , hope it helps . It took me less than 10 min to get acquainted to it . Now im learning the more advanced functions . The manual is a limited , and it took me awfully too long to get used to the graph link cable , but the effort was worth it . There are so many apps available for this calculator , probably more than any other graphing calculator . Texas instruments has done a spectacular job . I 've never programmed in my life , and now im learing . If u no how to program , then this calc has unlimited possibilities . Recently , I saw the release of Graph3 app . It allows 3-D graphing on the 83 + SE . With the SE faster processor , it will probably run 3D graphs faster than the 89 . So , i guess the 89 is starting to lose its jobs . This calc is entry level , but it will take u all the way through .
 This calculator is everything you need and more for the first couple years of your high school career . Does wonders in classes such as Algebra I and Geometry . There are more programs for the TI-83 + than any other calculator . This calculator is definately worth the money . If you buy a regular TI-83 + , then you will have to spend more to get the link cable . Plus this SE model has a ton of RAM and even more Flash ROM . Great if you want to have all your programs with you . I 've had mine over a year and have had no problems with it whatsoever . I recommend it!PS . You can buy it from Wolly-World for less than you can get it on Amazon . Check them out before you bid online .
 Lets start of with the fact that I purchased this product just because it looked so nice ! But if you believe in the phrase `` Do n't Judge a book by its cover '' I have something to tell you this calculator works as fast , as it looks good . It also comes with a bunch of features that I did n't even know about for example it comes with a periodic table of elements , which is very helpful in high school/college science classes . The periodic table of elements lets you choose an element and then gives you every piece of information about this element . There are plenty other applications that this calculator comes with , even games ! The best part of this calculator is the speed . It graphs faster then any calculator i have seen . It is very helpful on calculus tests because of its amazing speed . So if you think it is pointless of buying a calculator for 20 dollars more because it looks good , but it because of its great features and its amazing speed .
 I use this calculator about every day , there are hundreds , thousands even , of programs you can download from the internet to help you with everday things , especially if you are a student . I would highly recommend this calculator to anyone . I 've dropped it many times , and still works the same as it did brand new . This is such an improvement over the TI83 , with more memory , and an apps button . Everything is really fast , even graphing complex functions . The graphing function is a great help if your a student , find intersections of graphs , linear regression , and more .
 I prefer when reviewers get to the point , so I 'll try it this time around.Pros : - Hugely long battery life -LRB- medium to heavy use for over 2 years , I 've replaced the batteries once -RRB- - All of the functions I 've ever needed for a math class-Often subjected to discounted price-Virtually indestructable-Does not use the -LRB- IMO -RRB- counter-intuitive Reverse Polish NotationCons-Poorly written instruction manual the size of a small moose-Some commonly used functions require far too many keystrokes to activate
 This calculator is by far the best i 've seen . Once you have a TI83 , you will not want another calculator . Whether you 're a high school math student or a college professor or business person this is the one and only ! My son is crazy about it .
 Once you master all the menu commands , this calculator is easy to use and very useful . It lets you write your own programs-a very handy feature !
 Good calculator for expert or novice . Allow for complex vector theroms or simple algebra . I like it .
 I purchased this calculator for an Algebra course . I was a bit skeptical about the product because I did n't know anything about a graphing calculator . With just a few hours of using it in Algebra , I am finding how useful this product is and how simple it is . I am sure there are features that I do not even know about . I expect to be pleasantly surprised with this product .
 I like it but may be you forgot to put batteries.Over all I liked it . Thanks I got it on time .
 The calculator is perfect for my daughter 's geometry class . The Amazon price was much better than the prices in any of our local stores .
 The calculator was delivered on time and it works great ; however , even though it 's a previously used item advertised in good working condition , the calculator was shipped without its cover , which I incorrectly assumed would ship with the unit as the item description did not indicate otherwise . Because it has no cover , the unit sometimes unexpectedly turns on when its power button brushes against other items in my pack . A bit irritating , to be sure .
 The product came in a timely manner . It was as the seller described except for the few glitches , but the product works and does the job .
 The product is really like new.The delivery was instant . The service was great . Wonderful purchase experience !
 This product is absolutely the best purchase I have made on Amazon . The sellers described it exactly as it was , and it was a great deal . I received it about a week after placing my order . Awesome !
 had 2 keys that were blank ... as in you couldnt tell what they were , had to replace batteries . other than that it was ok and works nicely no major problem with it
 Calculator came in excellent condition and works well.Arrive within days with standard shippingWould recommend buying from this seller and would purchase from them again .
 One of the finest little calculating machines ever developed.It covers 99 % of the common math spectrum , and can stand up to quite a bit of punishment . Mine 's been thrown across the room , dropped , stepped on , and had the batteries put in backwards during it 's 10 years of service . Still going strong , this calculator is all you need from 6th grade to college graduation .
 The product was in excellent condition and arrived sooner than we thought . My daughter has been using it in class every day since she received it and is very happy .
 The TI-83 plus is everything you will ever need and more ! It is the most amazing thing that will ever sit in your hand . The price is well worth it . Do n't hesitate , buy yours now !
 From having to use a non-graphing calaculator to using the TI-83 Plus is great . I got this for my Geometry class , and I know that you are supposed to use it for math , but some of the games for it are pretty cool :-RRB- . If you want the really cool games get a program called ION , and then get games made for ION . They run fast and look awesome . For math , this thing works great , and let 's me see what I am doing a LOT better . This is one cool calc .
 This product even came in the origional package with everything that was supposed to be with it . I would buy from this seller again .
 why TI does n't slap a high-res color LCD and large flash memory on these things ? Maybe make them half the thickness and weight . What , would it cost an extra -LSB- ... -RSB- for them ? We have come quite a long way in the last 10 years ... This technology is overpriced and stuck in the early 1990s .
 I am in a 7th grade advanced AlgebraI course and bought this for the class . It never let me down , and according to my teacher I will use it for the next 6 years , all the way until college . It is extremely fast , easy to use , and its several features make it a great choice for anyone . You can also play games on it if you 're really bored during a class ! Awesome calculator !
 This calculator is by far the best i 've seen . I use this calculator every day and have tested other calculators like the 82 and 85 . Personally , i think the 83 is great because it seems simpler and it is n't as bland looking as the others . I feel that the design of the outside affects the way you work with it .
 I had purchased a Casio for my daughters Math class and the teacher did n't know how to use it . All the students had this kind of calculator , and I purchased it online , received it before the promise date for a major test grade , and was very satisfied by the whole process .
 This calculator is so helpfull that once you have it you will use it for everything . School and work . It 's upgradable and fun and easy to use .
 There are over 100 reviews . I am not saying the same thing again . I just throw my rating in.All I can say is ... You will be better off if you completely learn how to master this calculator .
 This is definately an awesome calculator for any student . It has been a definate help for any math or science student . I am currently enrolled in an advanced chemistry class , and it is a god send . It has many different math modes and graphing modes . The screen is quite large with easy to view numbers . The graph itself is pretty uncomplicated in the way it is used.My favorite part so far , is that in the main menu , you have different math type options to choose from , and when you choose science mode , it calculates the answers in sig figs , with the powers of 10 . You also have the ability to save information and download off of the net.It is helpful with algebra and statistics , and while you are calculating , the screen holds all the information , so that you have all your previous questions and answeres in front of you . It even has the periodic table of elements!This is a great calculator for college students , and , high school students also . I recommend the Silver Edition , as I have both , and it is much faster in its calculations , plus it come with the cord to download with . I have tried other scientific calculators , and this is by far the best . Make sure you read the instruction manual throughly to help you along , and whatever you do , do not throw the manual away !
 The TI83 is the standard graphing calculator used by almost all students . You will definitely need it in most college level math courses . For probability the combinations and permutations functions help out tremendously . If you learn how to use most of the functions it can be a great asset to help you in your classes .
 This product is exactly what I expected . It came in original packaging -LRB- which it said it might vary -RRB- . It had the batteries and instructions with it and I had it working in less than 5 minutes . TI products are always great .
 this gem helped me to pass a math course . I hate math . so it is worthy of a good review . also it was the most affordable calculator I could find .
 I bought this for my daughter who was taking advanced math in high school , then on into college . You can not beat this for the math courses . It is not as helpful for the business math courses .
 This calculator is exactly what I wanted . I bought this calculator a few years ago and it still works beautifully .
 This calculator has been lifesaver in my graduate level statistics class . Best money I ever spent in my class . If you are taking any level of statistcs ... this is an awesome tool !
 Thank you ! love this product so much . This is like what i expected . I would like to recommend this product to my friends .
 Been using this calculator for 12 years , and just had to buy this new one . Perfect for many levels of math ; middle school through college .
 I love how handy and easy the TI-83 is . I 'm a college student and need it for my classes . It 's a little clunky , but it 's very sturdy . I ca n't tell you how often I 've dropped it -LRB- or had it in my backpack on a rough day -RRB- and it still looks great . Not to mention , Texas Instruments is definitely a Nerd-Approved brand -LRB- cosigned by me , who has a growing passion for math based on it -RRB- .
 Got this for my daughter who is a junior . She uses it for Trig and Calc . Seems to work fine and has all the necessary applications for these subjects . Seems to be the teacher recommended item .
 Awesome buy . Good condition , a little out of date , but still calculates numbers . No problems to report .
 I have found model calculator to be quite adequate for use in my undergraduate physics curriculum . In my opinion , it is optimal , unless a person is interested in mastering the full range of the calculator 's capabilities , at which point a higher model might be more desirable .
 Well I just needed this for Chem/Math , i used to have one but it dissappeared . Luckily i found one on amazon and it was a decent price :-RRB- it also still works so pretty good : -RRB-
 I was in dire need of a calculator & because I am a freshman in college , I could n't afford a new one . But ! I found one that was in my budget that works perfectly and it shipped faster than it said it would
 I bought this for my niece -- a college student . It was exactly what she wanted . Thanks !!
 Placed the order on September 5 and arrived at an APO address in 7 days time . Outstanding service and a very like new product . Thanks very much to the seller .
 The calculator is in great shape and works perfectly . The seller is very friendly and helpful . I 'm glad I purchased this .
 This graphing calculator is what all Middle Schools and High Schools use for regents so if you want to get used to it ahead of time or just to practice at home I would definitely recommend it . I actually needed one at home for home work and stuff like . It is very efficient and from what i know from my friends its the only one that does n't die on you within a few months or so . The only problem is that you dont get the plug in wire for it which is like 10 dollars on amazon , but other than that its fine . It would be nice to see amazon make a bundle like that . Just like i said its the perfect calculator for High School !
 Used TI-83 plus in excellent condition . I use rechargeable 1100 nimh batteries and these last a long time . Huge amount of functions . Great way to get a full featured calculator for budget price .
 Bought this for my son in 11th grade . Recommended by his teachers . It is excellent and easy to use and has helped him tremendously in math and he will continue to use for his senior year and college . Highly recommend this product !
 The product worked well and it was very user friendly . I enjoy using it and hope to make more purchases just like it .
 The seller of this calculator was prompt and sold it ` like new ' . I bought this for my niece who lost her 's at school one day . It does everything she needs it to . Thanks .
 My sister is a college student who is on an extremely tight budget . When she signed up for College Math , she was not anticipating adding a graphing calculator into her budget . She had gone weeks into the course without it , and was no longer able to do her assignments . The graphing calculator was $ 100 + brand new . I looked online for her and found this one on Amazon . Thankfully , we got it for a real good deal . The seller did a very nice job packaging the unit to ensure a safe arrival to my house . They sent it when promised and it arrived when anticipated . It came in great condition . I am very grateful for people who sell these used . Thanks again !
 Everything is good with the calculator but I found it weird not to have battery with it . It would be much better if it comes with battery .
 This calculator is exactly what I needed for my math classes . Great price and fast shipment . All around very pleased and satisfied .
 We needed a replacement calculator for my son who lost his original . We did n't want to buy one that was brand new , but did want one that was good quality . We got exactly what we wanted . There were some cosmetic issues , but we knew that before we bought it , so that was no surprise . Great shopping experience , and would buy from this seller again ... but hope that we do n't have to !!!
 This calculator was such a gift as the one my daughter borrowed from school got destroyed so I had to replace it . needless to say the replacement looks better than the one she had . The product was exactly as described and I received it within a day . I was very pleased with the seller as they saved me money and provided fast service .
 I 've ordered used books before through Amazon , but only for my boyfriend . This is the 1st time I 've ordered sumtin for myself , and I loved it . The calculator came just in time for school , and the price was way way better then the stores . I have n't encountered any problems thus far , it 's almost like buying it brand new .
 I was surprised when I placed the order to have the item within a week , more like four days which was wonderful because my child needed it for school ` now ' . The item itself was exactly as expected and in good condition . You could tell it was used , but was still a good value especially for the condition and speedy delivery .
 Great calculator if you know how to use it . It does it all for you . Love it !!!!!
 This graphing calculator is an integral part of my daughter 's education . With items on school lists becoming more expensive every year , it was refreshing to find excellent quality merchandise that was `` gently used '' and saved us a lot of money . Thank you !
 Great . No problems with it . Works good and came with everything it said it would .
 This calculator is great . The TI-84 was too expensive . I use this calculator for Collge Algebra . Works great and is easy to use .
 This was a great deal !!! Just what I needed / fast shipping / and came with all the batteries required .
 This calculator did not come with batteries , so watch out and read IF it comes with or without batteries and it will give you a heads up to buy them seperatly . Besides that the calculator was in great condition and came within 2 days , which is a plus !
 Texas Instruments TI-83 Plus Graphing CalculatorI was very impressed , although product took a while to ship , the company upgrated the calculator to a TI-84 . . Package was open as Company stated but was a new item . Packed well for shipping . . Just what my son needed.Works great ... Thank you
 Product was in excellent condition , works wonderfully , seller shipped very quick ... with in days . Received it within a business week ! Very pleased !
 This phone works great , I bought it for my dorm room because I did n't need caller id -LRB- not available in the dorm -RRB- or an answering machine -LRB- we have voice mail -RRB- , plus it was CHEAP ! It works anywhere in the 4 story , 200 room dorm building . I love it !
 Does this phone have bells and whistles ? Of course not its a $ 10 cordless phone.Does it work , yes!It works better than the 2.4 Gig phone I purchased to replace it when the battery started to get weak.I still use it at work , where it sits on the charger all day , so battery life is n't an issue .
 NO -- THAT 'S NO TYPO IN THE TITLE ! This really IS `` the calculator of the future ! `` I bought one years ago , and loved it ! It is big , it is n't the mosteasily handled calculator -- it 's even a bit clunky . BUT ... it has one PRICELESS FEATURE that I have yet to see in ANY other calculator . And that is ... a `` Resume '' key . That means , if you have a LOT of calculations to do , and want to stop in the middle of them , this calculator will turn itself off , -LRB- like many other calculators -RRB- ... BUT ! But later on , when you want to go back to , -LRB- or `` resume '' -RRB- your work , THIS CALCULATOR WILL TAKE YOU RIGHT BACK TO WHERE YOU LEFT OFF ! There is NO going back and doing everything over again , as with any other calculator I have used.This `` resume '' feature is wonderful for doing taxes , or endless `` chain '' calculations , as some math requires.I see that this calculator is `` currently unavailable '' on Amazon -- but at least it is LISTED on Amazon , as it is nowhere else ! -LRB- Thanks , Amazon ! -RRB- . A new model , -LRB- with hopefully the same features -RRB- , IS available from various sellers , -LRB- not Amazon , sadly -RRB- , and LOOKS exactly the same as this model . The new model number is ALMOST exactly the same , too : . , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , This Model Number
 I really liked the look and performance of this phone . It has all the features I was looking for . -LRB- volume control , caller ID , phonebook -RRB- . Its been working great so far . Do n't hesitate on this one . Thumbs up all the way !
 Hey , for 30 bucks with these features - who would n't buy this phone . Had it for 6 months , and love it - have had NO problems.Phone Directory for 40 entries . Of course the price has fallen 10 bucks since I bought it.Distinctive ring for any Phone Directroy Entry.Call Waiting , Caller ID.Caller ID.Call Waiting History Name and Number Display for 99 entries.Ten number speed dial.Electronic Hold.Four ring tones.Redial last number dialed.Message waiting indicator for Call Notes from Telco.Clock Display at all times.Phone Status Display at all times.What a deal , huh ? I thought the receiver was weak until I discovered the other day that I was holding the speaker about a quarter inch too low and when I moved it over my ear - wow , what a difference - very loud and clear.Only dislike is hard to read display , but hey , what other thirty dollar phone has an extra bright one . I 'll use my red LED display from Radio Shack that I can see from across my living room to see who is calling . Nothing wrong with this deal , let me tell you !
 Great phone for the price , the only bad feature is the display . It is hard to see the numbers , unless you hold it flat . Otherwise , definitely will buy from this company again . Purchased 3 phones from them and worked to perfection . Great looks too .
 This is the best cordless phone I have owned and would buy another . For those that have a problem with the battery the problem is not the phone it is the user . I had a problem with mine and what I found is you can not have the unit on charge , use it for a few minutes and place it back on charge . Leave it off the charger until it needs recharged . When it needs charging place it back on the charger overnight . Following this mine will last 2 to 4 days . One other good point on this phone is it has a very long range . I can still use it 300 feet away from the base .
 I think this is a really good phone , it has never died , and I have a sixteen year old daughter who uses it relentlessly . It looks cute and has an easy-to-read CID panel . I think those of you who are having problems with it must have left it out in the rain . Mine works great .
 The upright base unit provides you with a very small footprint -LSB- takes up very little space -RSB- which is excellent for a night table . I found sound quality to be good , loud clear volume , easy to use , well placed buttons , lightweight handset and I liked the ability to store directly into the memory your incoming caller ID names/numbers . I do n't know what some other people were talking about when they mentioned poor sound quality on this phone . They should try changing the digital channels on the phone or get their phone lines checked .
 I Got this phone a few weeks ago and it is great ! I love it . I have n't had it run out of batteries yet . I caller id is great just like the design ang everything else . It even has a clock on it which is helpful to me . The caller i.d messed up once but i erased all of the names and it was fine . For 40 $ it is great !
 If you use the telephone company 's standard voicemail system , this little gem is a great & quot ; find . & quot ; There is a visual -LRB- blinking light on the base and a text message on the handset -RRB- cue if you 've received messages . The reception is terrific -LRB- I live in a multi-unit apartment building in a populated area -RRB- . I 've not had the battery run down yet . -LRB- I was careful to follow the `` charge before you use it '' directions in the manual . -RRB- This product is a terrific case of * not too many bells and whistles . * I highly recommend it .
 I purchased this VTech one week ago and have been very happy with it . Although others have complained about static , I have only noticed crystal clear sound . I am going to give it as a Christmas gift to members of my family .
 This Vetch 2.4 GHz phone has good range and clarity . I like the LCD display , which is easy to read . Programming your favorite numbers is not too difficult and the price is low you could buy more than one unit without having to spend a fortune . Overall a nice phone .
 ok , I bought this VTech 2428 2.4 HGz Analog cordless phone wihtout understanding what the numbers and abbreviations really meant . I am quite satisfied - I have had this phone for 6 months and it does what it described . It sits in the spare bedroom . The phone rings , communicates a message to the caller , and then a message to me/guest from the caller with the caller 's number on the caller ID screen . We either listen to the messages or delete depending upon our mood at the time . The phone asks for little - to be plugged in and connected to the telephone line . This is all quite simple - for a little bit of money , I have a phone for the guest room - it works and so do we .
 The phone works well and does all it claims to do . I 'm very happy with it .
 I 've had my 1376 for years . Loved it . As long as I replaced it in the charger , I had many two and three hour conversations -LRB- and a couple of four hour calls ! -RRB- with no battery fade . Sound quality both in and out was crisp and clear at all times . It stopped holding memory after five years so I finally replaced it with Uniden 1976 , but the incoming voice quality is not as clear and precise as the 1376 so I am here at Amazon to get a new 1376 .
 Good product , but like most all portable phones these days - way to bulky -- do n't hang this on a wall - too bulky - you will bump into it and it looks out of place it is so bulky !
 This phone is a great performing bargain.Good and clear inside house.Outside house reception good.Feels good in hand to ear and mouth.Would buy again .
 This is a great cordless phone . I was suprised at how clear it sounded.I love the caller ID function . When someone calls you you can go back and see what day they called and what time they called.This phone is very easy to program . You can store up to 10 numbers in the memory function . You can also store peoples names in the memory function so if you hit memory , a list of peoples names will come up and all you have to do is hit talk.Overall its a great phone , simple to use , and sounds very clear .
 This is a good phone for the money spent.Sound quality is great with no static , even when walking through the house.Sounds good outside as well.I am about to purchase a second phone for my office .
 This replaced three successive tries with an inherited Bell South cordless that malfunctioned in several ways . We only needed a simple model for the kitchen . The buttons are on the handset , which is curved and balanced to fit the hand and face . The Caller ID screen also shows the numbers you dialed ; if you reach a wrong number , you can see right away if you misdialed . This saves both parties a lot of aggravation . There is a slim belt clip and a headset jack that make it possible to talk while cooking or doing laundry , multi-tasking like most people today . The jack is covered by a small , gray rubber trapdoor that keeps kitchen goo out of the outlet . Low cost + high Consumer Rating !
 We got this phone several years ago when our last cordless died . When we got it , it came with a second handset and charger base that you can put anywhere , without needing a phone jack - very handy ! We keep one upstairs and one downstairs , even though they do get switched quite a bit . There 's a nice variety of ringtones and volumes , which is helpful . I like the `` page '' button to help locate a lost phone . We 've had no static or lost calls , I have even used it in our backyard . The only place we do n't get great sound is the basement . These phones have stood up to all kinds of abuse , including my baby using them as chew toys - still work great . We have had them at least 2 years , probably longer and have n't replaced either battery yet . We set them on the chargers at night , though occasionally they get left off until they beep from low battery.An excellent value for the money .
 Note
 Love the 3 line LCD display which lets you store numbers AND names , just like a cell phone ... remember the old `` memory '' phones which had something like 20 individual memory preset buttons and you had to WRITE on little tabs next to them?It would n't hurt if they used more powerful batteries so you could really crank up the earpiece volume , but this seems to be almost universal across the industry , and many of Uniden 's competitors -- especially GE , AT&T ; , and VTech are known to have even worse sound quality . I chose this one after giving away a 2.4 GHz Uniden phone which had INFERIOR sound quality -- until they finally get the 2.4 GHz technology right , I 'd strongly recommend sticking to the trusty -LRB- and much cheaper -RRB- 900 MHz frequencies !
 This inexpensive cordless phone does the job ! It is great for the price.Pros that satisfy our family : The stand is not too large and the caller id screen faces out on the holder so it is easy to see who is calling.Cons that annoy my family : If you press the up and down buttons to check your messages and you have not pressed the menu button first , the phone will ring . At first we thought someone was calling ! Also , the phone has a choice of 2 rings at a high or low tone , sounds good but the sounds are annoying.The quality of the phone is nothing to complain about , though . I have been quite happy with how quickly it charges and the sound quality of the calls.I recommend this phone because it is an inexpensive phone device you can take with you anywhere on your property.Good luck , Heather
 Have only had this a week , but so far it 's ten times better than the 2.4 Ghz phone I bought just 6 months ago . Decent sound quality , an earphone jack , long battery life , and decent range , all at a great price . Not at all bad . Bought it because it was rated highly by a popular consumer mag . Meets my expections .
 Fairly clear sound , both incoming and outgoing.Battery life seems OK.Simple operation.Good ergonomics , comfortable handset.Strange wall mounting , juts into the room.Caller ID faces out for easy reading.This is a good value . In my experience , no wireless phone has `` corded phone quality '' , and the EXI376 is no exception . But , as cordless phones go , it has very good reception and transmission , all for a very reasonable price . What more do you need ?
 I would agree with what most of the other reviewers have said about this phone , but there were a few things they did n't touch on , and actually were the reasons I bought this phone ... The ringer has an on/off switch and since most phones nowawdays have such obnoxious rings this is a good feature since I have this phone in my bedroom.It is comfortable to hold , and if you need both of your hands , you can actually hold this one on your shoulder . For some inexplicable reason ALL the phone manufacturers have decided to make their phones flat ; and by doing so , it makes them hard to use hands free either because the shape is wrong or because by holding it this way , your face pushes the buttons , and you can end up losing your call . With this phone however , the shape is right and although your face does touch the buttons , they are n't so sensitive that you 'll be hanging up on your friends!One last thing ; the caller ID screen is easy to read and is backlit , which is a really nice feature , especially in a bedroom .
 I have an expensive $ 200 digital answering machine phone . It is a great phone , with excellent features.The EXI376 phone has the EXACT same features , without the Digital Answering Machine , but costs that much less ! The sound quality is CRYSTAL clear , and it can hold up to 10 names in the memory . The RocketDial feature is great , for easy one-touch calling!I HIGHLY recommend this product , to anyone .
 This EXI376 is my second Uniden cordless telephone . The other is a TRU346 , a fine 2.4 GHz instrument , selling for about $ $ $ I bought this one , the EXI376 , as an economical replacement for a cord-type bedroom phone that failed to operate after over ten years of use . I am happy with my choice.Amazon 's product listing here is very sketchy . It tells next to nothing about this device . It is a modest 900 MHz cordless phone with a ten-number AND NAME dialing memory , one-number redial and one-number RocketDial , for twelve stored-numbers total . It has a thirty-number caller ID , and can place a call from this list . Like many , most or all Unidens it displays the number to be called on a viewing screen for the caller to review for accuracy before placing the call . No more wrong numbers.I have had some bad luck in the past with cordless telephones . One never did operate ; one lasted only two months ; a current one of another brand is in use in our guest room , but is inferior in all respects to the EXI376 . The last cordless would work for only ten minutes before its battery went dead . The TRU346 revealed to me Uniden quality , and I would now buy no other brand.Reception is clear and audible . It tends to be too loud , but the instrument has a volume control . It is slightly noisy to listen to , noisier than the TRU346 , but is acceptable . People I have called say my voice sounds fine to them , as good as on any telephone . Our microwave oven does not create noise on either end of the call , but the computer does . The TRU346 was not usable with the microwave running , because the base unit is installed on top of the microwave -LRB- my bad -RRB- . Battery life of the EXI376 appears satisfactory , at present . I used it for one long call , and experienced no dead-battery difficulties.Range is modest , no better or worse than others we have had , except for a DSS 900MHz that failed for other reasons . That one would work at a distance of about a city block . This EXI376 works with the handset anywhere on our small residential lot , but fails to communicate when I carry it two houses down the street.In summary , the EXI376 is an excellent choice for those who want an economical cordless 900MHz telephone . There are better phones available if you want to pay more money , but if you do not want to spend between fifty and two-hundred dollars , consider the EXI376 . I give it a five-star rating for price and quality , but reduce the rating to only four-stars because of the slightly scratchy reception . That may be unfair to Uniden and Amazon , because I would buy another EXI376 without hesitation if I needed another .
 Buy ! Buy ! Buy ! That 's all I can say ! These Uniden 900 mgz phones are without a doubt the BEST I 've ever owned ! I have replaced many a cordless phone over the years but still have my original -LRB- this model ! -RRB- Uniden that I bought from Amazon over 3 years ago!I am back here today ordering up a few more for gifts for other people tired of replacing overpriced cordless phone systems that do n't last !
 It 's pretty static free , and I can go out in my yard and hear people clearly still when on the phone . It also has a nice paging feature for when forgetful people like me forget where they left the phone!It 's also pretty good on battery life , I am not constantly recharging this thing like I was my last phone!It 's not top of the line but at $ 12.88 you ca n't beat the price for a cordless phone !
 Nice phone.No static noise.Good range.I like it
 I was looking for a cheap replacement after I spend 250.00 on a cordless phone 7 years ago from ameritech.It would have cost me 50.00 to have it repaired or replaced and since they do n't have my phone anymore , who knows what I would have gotten . I decided to shop at my favorite shopping site and sure enough I came across this phone.I bought it and love it.It 's lightweight and I 've been told it is clearer than my last phone.I just bought my mother one today for her birthday !
 This phone is an excellent product for the money . If you need a good no-frills cordless , you ca n't go wrong with this Uniden .
 I sent this to my Mom , based on what others had stated in their reviews . She just called and said she loves it . . the reception is clear and easy for her to use.She 's in her 70 's and this is her first portable phone . . wow . . Thanks for the previous posts ... Wolf
 I have bought this phone because my previous 2.4 GHz cordless conflicted with WiFi network in my house . Although I expected only a fair quality from this product , I can say that this product has done quite good a job so far.It 's compact , it has a good design , it 's reception is stable and clear , and it has a long lasting battery - although often we left it outside of the cradle for one or two days , we never experienced a situation of its not working.Plus , like some more expensive telephones , it provides a few convenient features , including quick dial number function . Its so-called rocket dial function provides for me capability to save calling card toll-free number and my account 's password , and even several numbers of my friends.My only complaint is that its quick dialing function does not provide for a phone number memory big enough to save the toll-free number + password + dialed number . So , I have to press a few buttons to reach my family in Korea . For a foreigner like me , it 's a bit painful , but I guess this does not matter much for most Americans . Thus , quite recommendable .
 I love this phone . I 've had two of them for years , and they keep going strong . The sound is better than most any other phone I 've ever used . I actually ca n't think of any phone which sounds better . And the price is right . The only thing which would make it better would be a headphone jack or good speakerphone .
 I 've used this type of paper before , it 's perfectly fine and I 'm using it to create recipe cards for a bridal shower . I was going to buy the only type of postcard paper that Office Depot had -LRB- Avery -RRB- and it was overpriced . $ 25 on sale is ridiculous when the Naturals paper is just as good and over $ 10 less . It was shipped really fast which relieved my concerns for I need to have my recipe card project completed real soon . I highly recommend this product .
 My Panasonic 900MHZ with speakerphone went to hell . The buttons became impossible to press . I remember the glory days of Panasonic but that was in the 70 's and 80 's . I ordered this Uniden on recommendation of reviews and some friends and was pleasantly surprised !! No frills just good reception and clarity.I have no complaints , especially for $ 20.00 . So , skip the unneccesary features and go with this one !!
 Excellent sound quality -- clear as a bell . The range is impressive -- it works perfectly indoors , and pretty well outside too -LRB- thru brick walls -RRB- . And the photo does n't do it justice -- it 's attractive and has a very small footprint . Both the base unit and the phone sit in a sort of upright position , so it takes up very little space on the counter . The color , pearl white , is actually a nice soft white . I 've had many cordless phones ; in fact , this one is replacing an older uniden phone -- it 's cheaper to buy the new one than to replace the battery on the old one .
 I ordered this as a second cordless . We already had a Uniden and it 's great so I thought I 'd check this one out , especially with such a great price for a 2.4 . I 've had Sony , Panasonic and any other expensive brands you could name and in my experience , phones are one thing you DO N'T get what you pay for . My cheaper name phones -LRB- i.e. Uniden -RRB- have always proven to be perfectly usable with great features where some of the others have been troublesome . Anyway , this is stylish and has lots of bang for the buck.PLEASE NOTE
 This phone is great ! the sound quality is definitely in the top 10 -LRB- none of that background noise or voice echo -RRB- . It may not have many features but what it does have is pretty good . Plus - the more features you have on your phone the more things that could go wrong . Simpler is better and for this price and quality you ca n't go wrong . Also the styling is very high tech . I am very pleased with this phone . It 's like getting a Mercedes for the price of a Kia .
 -LSB- they -RSB- suggest you buy , as an accessory for this phone , an AT&T headset that works with any phone with a 2.5 mm jack . Both the headset and the phone are great , but they do n't work together
 I do not have -LRB- or want -RRB- call waiting , caller ID or any of the other features that are offered and endlessly hyped by the telephone companies today . I simply need a decent cordless phone with good reception . This phone fits that bill perfectly . I have had terrible luck -LRB- lots of static , poor reception , failure to hold a charge -RRB- with cheap cordless phones in the past , and I went to Circuit City determined to get something better even if I had to pay more . The salesperson recommended Uniden as one of the better brands , and said I should definitely get a 2.4 GHz model for the best power . The cheapest Uniden cordless model the store had was a `` bells and whistles '' caller ID unit for $ 50 . I bought it anyway thinking it was my only choice if I wanted a Uniden . I then went home and found this model on Amazon for $ 19 . I ordered this one and returned the still-unopened fancier phone to the store . Two months later the phone is performing great and I have no complaints . Reception is excellent . Also , the phone is big enough to rest on your shoulder if you like to talk while puttering around the house ; some of the cordless models are as small as cell phones and almost too hard to hold during household phone use.If , like me , you do not care about any of the extra features such as caller ID , then this is an excellent phone for a fantastic price .
 Ok , I got it from the box . Opened it , found it prettier than the ugly picture amazon has.Plugged it in the wall , left it for 24 hours , came back and there I was , ready to try it.I walked away from my house , about 300 feet away , and I could still hear perfectly and as clear as if I were next to the phone.I sure doesnt have many features , but oh well , it does what it is supposed to do , and very well .
 I bought one for my cubicle at work and rather than spend big bucks on a fancy model and risk someone stealing it , I opted to go with the least expensive 2.4 GHz Uniden I could find.I went with Uniden because I bought another model , the EXAI3248 , from Amazon and you can tell I liked it from my review of that model.It still has the same 1.5 - 2 second delay before you hear a dial tone -LRB- press TALK and there 's about 2 seconds before you hear the dialtone -RRB- however the quality and resistance to interference is still there !!! I can talk next to an active microwave and other sources of interference w/o any problems.I HIGHLY recommend this for people who do not need Caller ID or an answering machine but demand performance and affordability in a sleek package.I suppose applications would include college dorms that utilize voice mail systems , office cubicles that also utilize voice mail systems , and maybe a secondary phone in a large house . Not every phone on that 1 line needs Caller ID and an answering machine so this would be a good and cheap solution perhaps for a young adult who does n't take care of his or her things .
 Great reception -LRB- beetter than our GE with the answering machine and caller ID that costs twice as much -RRB- . Does n't take up much space.Highly recommended
 I 've had this phone for less than a week . Bought it after caving in - my old 25-channel phone just did n't cut it any more , or at least in this new apartment - usually had terrible loud buzzing constantly , and often would n't hang up unless I unhooked the jack from the wall !! Also , battery life had become seriously sucky . So far , this new phone has been far better . No problem with the battery , as yet ; reception has been great -LRB- often TOO loud , have to turn the volume down ! -RRB- . However , several times -LRB- while sitting at my computer , do n't know if related -RRB- I 've gotten strange , loud beeping noises which went away after switching the channel , and just today I heard someone else 's voice which alternated with the beeps as I switched channels , then finally all the extraneous noises stopped . I have no idea what is going with these noises , etc. , but still , overall performance is far superior to my old phone . And the price is quite right . As noted , it 's a basic phone , but as I 've got a separate little caller ID unit I do n't need that in my phone . We 'll see how things work out long-term , but overall I 'm quite satisfied with this purchase . One additional issue
 I initially purchased this to use at home as my AT&T 900MHz was on it 's way to the circular file.It 's initial cost is what brought me in but I have found that this is an excellent telephone . Voice Clarity is really great , it goes for days without being charged , and has yet to let me down . It easily works up to 200 feet from the base station -LRB- that 's about as far as I have ever tried it -RRB- . I work in the telecommunications field and we have used several different cordless telephone solutions through the years . Mostly Panasonics , some AT&T , and a group of worthless Transonic -LRB- sold under CORTELCO -RRB- model 730901-TP2-27F . They are junk . This uniden costs less and works great .
 The features on this phone are great . I live in a large home and reception was an important issue for me . I have excellent reception in the house and in the backyard . The lighted keypad is also great at night . I have faith in panasonic -LRB- vcrs , tvs , camcorders , phones , radios -RRB- ; they have all been very good products .
 I really do n't understand the neggie reviews here . I 've had two of these phones for a long time -- at least 6 years . I love them . The only thing they do n't have that I need is is a mute button . They have not been babied and they 've held up great . I recently bought another Panasonic with a mute button and I was terribly disappointed . The sound quality was horrible in comparison . I also tried a V-Tech which was a little better , but still not up to the standard I 'm used to . I 'd love to find a phone of this quality with a mute .
 The first time I bought it the phone works terrible . The person who receive my call could barely hear me . I return the phone and got a new one as replacement , and it works great . The sound quality is very good and I always like the handy sleek design of Panasonic phones . It has headset plus , which is really useful for me when I chat with my wife living in another city . I like this cordless phone among all the phones I had ever used .
 Some thought was put into the design of this phone and it has great clarity . We 've only had it for a day but we 've been through most of the features . This phone is 900 MHZ DSS with caller id , a large function button , and a built-in answering machine . It is easy to use -LRB- very intuitive -RRB- and has a good manual which you should read to learn about all of the neat features . This phone works somewhat like a cell phone in that you put the number in that you are calling and you can edit it before you actually dial -LRB- i.e. , you press the talk button to dial -RRB- instead of starting over when you make a mistake . Also , you can press any number to answer the phone in addition to the talk button . This phone can be programmed to call your pager when messages come in . It also has one DIRECT button where you can preprogram the button to call a number with only one touch . There are 50 other memory locations that you scroll through . The other nice thing about this phone other than its nice looks is that when a call comes in , the person 's name is in large print so that it is easy to read . You can hang it on the wall and it has a place to put the extra length of the electrical cord . This is the only white phone that we found that met our needs .
 Though Panasonic consistently produce quality products , their prices may be higher than other competitive brands . This particular phone has many convenient features . The battery life on such phone is short that is to be expected . The upside is that this phone does charge the battery fairly quick to the spec . The range varies , depends where you live and where you place the base . I would recommend to find a good central location for the base . The antenna is something that of a concern . It is rigid and potential breakage if not careful . Overall , I say this is a great phone with above average price for these specs and quality .
 These are wonderful . I love having the lined paper to help `` keep me on track ! ''
 I 've had this phone twice and the first time I owned this phone , there were 2 problems
 I was looking for a clear , simple and inexpensive cordless telephone and found it with this Panasonic . Consumer Reports rated the telephone very highly . I bought it from Amazon and it has been a delight to use . The reception is very clear . The phone is easy to hold and the buttons are clearly marked . There are fancier products on the market but I have spent a lot more on cordless phones and gotten a lot less quality . I think this phone is a bargain at the price -- if it has the features you want .
 This is your best bet in a cheap cordless phone . Excellent clarity and sound , with good features like ringer volume and three caller volume settings . Panasonic makes great analog cordless phones . These sound far better than any 25channel models and are * far * less prone to static and sloppy connections . Note that the numbers are not backlit on this model . Also , like all 900mhz . analogs , it does not have digital security -LRB- unfortunately , your best bet for security features is a 900mhz DSS , and all of those that I 've heard sound awful -RRB- . Again , though , for an inexpensive phone , this is the one to get .
 I 've owned two Panasonic phones like this one and they 're just great . The sound is always crystal clear , the battery stays charged for a good amount of time , and I can walk pretty far from the base . I live in a city , so getting good clarity from cordless phones can be difficult , but these phones do a great job . The only downside
 My boyfriend has had the Panasonic KX-TC 1401 900 MHz Cordless Phone for a while and I really like it . A few months ago , someone dropped the phone in the toilet on accident . Since it was clean water , he kept it and the phone still works pretty great . It has a long range , he does his laundry two floors down and still talks clearly to me . The only problem is that the sound is beginning to fade but that may happen with any phone that was immersed in a toilet . My old roommate also had a Panasonic as do my parents and I recommend their phones to anyone .
 This phone is nearly identitcal to it 's white sibling . I purchased this item because of it 's value -LRB- price/features -RRB- and Panasonic 's brand name . The phone itself is fairly light , and the clarity is good . There is very little echo or distortion , given that it 's an analog 900MHz phone . However , the recorded message on the answering machine was lackluster . The sound was extremely grainy and hard to discern . Other than that , I have very few complaints . This phone has some nice features , such as a quick charging battery , handset locator , and the ability to call a pager when the answering machine receives a message .
 What can I say , Panasonic has always made great phones . This one is no exception . The clarity is superior and the features and functionalities are equivalent to those of a phone twice the price . Buy it . You wo n't be dissapointed .
 I 've been using it for almost 6 month and I 'm very satisfied with the quality . Crisp sound , easy bottons , and simple design . It 's a lot thinner than I imagined that it wo n't take up much desk space . At first I was worried about the color cause white gets stain easily but it turned out to be no problem at all . If you do n't need caller id and speaker phone function and other fancy stuffs , it 's simply the best pick .
 My parents own the Panasonic KX-TC 1501W 900MHz Cordless Phone with Answering Machine and I love it ! It has an excellent range - I can circle our house outside with hardly any interference . It has a clear ring and the answering maching works wonderfully too . All in all , I think Panasonic makes excellent quality telephones and I recommend this phone to anyone .
 I have used this phone for five years and have found it to be one of the most reliable cordless phones I have ever used . The quality is good , the range fine , and the battery life is excellent.I would buy this trusty phone again today , even with the plethora of feature laden 2.4 GHZ and 5.8 GHZ digital phones on the market . 2.4 GHZ cordless phones interfere with my WIFI networked devices , and 5.8 GHZ is quite a bit more sensitive to obstructions like trees , buildings etc. so I prefer 900 MHZ .
 I 've been using it for almost 6 month and I 'm very satisfied with the quality . Crisp sound , easy bottons , and simple design . It 's a lot thinner than I imagined that it wo n't take up much desk space . At first I was worried about the color cause white gets stain easily but it turned out to be no problem at all . If you do n't need caller id and speaker phone function and other fancy stuffs , it 's simply the best pick .
 This seems to be a very well-made phone . The reception is very clear . However , there is no speed-dialing . There is a directory to program up to 50 names alphabetically but you have to search the directory for the name and number then dial it . You can not just program and assign 1 number to dial a number for you . I miss the speed dialing option , but being able to have a 50 name phone book built in is a nice feature .
 I bought the 2550 model -LRB- the one with Caller ID , but noanswering system -RRB- . I like the phone pretty much overall , but there aresome things I would like to mention .1 -RRB- The Talk button itself is not illuminated ; it 's also a little small . However , you can answer a call by pressing any of the dialing buttons -LRB- 0-9 -RRB- , which are illuminated . Still , I think they should have illuminated it somehow .2 -RRB- You WILL notice some clutter next to the big blue button
 This is a great phone ! I 've had one of this phone for a couple of months now and I bought another one for my office just now . I 've used a lot of cordless phones over the years , and this one has the best range by far . I ca n't get any kind of interferance when I am walking around in my 3 story house no matter how hard I try . The sound quality is also flawless . The keys are lighted and the battery life is so good . My old uniden needs a charge every other day , but this phone just keeps going and going and going . The only thing that keeps this phone from a 5 star rating is that the functions of the phone is hard to access . You usually needs to enter multiple keys to use one of its many functions . But other than that , this phone is great !
 I bought this phone the other day ... the one with caller ID and Answering machine built-in and I think it is one of the better cordless phones I have ever had ... It 's no BANG and Olufsen , but neither is the price . The answering machine is clear and so is the speakerphone ... on both ends ... So is reception , as long as there are no buildings in the way ... I could walk about 100 meters and still clear ... besides , how many times do you talk on the phone outside your house anyways ... The only thing I would change is the buttons on the handset ... sure they look real cool but they are kinda cluttered , and it is hard to find certain functions without proper training ...
 I live in an apartment building . I 've taken the phone into the hallway and into other apartments on the same floor . No problems . Crystal clear . Have n't tested it outdoors though , but I do n't think it would be a problem for this phone . The only downside to this phone is the earpiece is not as loud as I 'd like it to be . The microphone is VERY sensitive . Although I ca n't hear it myself , people have told me they ca n't tell whether I 'm on a cordless or a corded phone.If you 're one of those people who consistently loses their cordless phones , you 'll like the paging feature . It keeps beeping -LRB- loudly -RRB- until you hit the page button again . No more running back to the base to hit the page button several times.The Ni-MH battery also means you do n't have to completely discharge the battery before recharging it ; no `` memory effect '' . This means no replacing the battery every year or two . It 'll last much longer than typical Ni-C batteries in most cordless phones.They really should 've put call ID capability on this phone , but oh well.This phone is definitely worth it 's price .
 I 've owned the 2570 version of this model for a few months now . The 2570 is the same as the other models -LRB- 2500 , 2550 -RRB- , except it has an answering machine and caller id -LRB- the 2550 has caller id too -RRB- . The phone is excellent overall , but there are a few annoying qualities that prevent a perfect rating . I love the feel of the phone and the distance you can travel with it is remarkable . My home is filled with electronics , and that did n't degrade the signal at all . It 's also a very sleek looking phone . The things that bothered me were that the received heats up after 10 minutes of use , just like any other cordless phone , so much so that I get a headache from the heat . Also , the keys do n't always accept each push . When you are quickly dialing a number , you 'll quite often have to hit a key a second time to get it to accept it . The phone beeps when it takes the push , so at least you know when it 's not acting properly . My final complaint is with the menu system . Certain items that I want fast access to , take forever with the phone . A simple redial takes 3 key strokes , all on different buttons . You have to press function/edit , then click right on the arrow pad , then the talk button . Kinda annoying when you are trying to redial the forever-busy Who Wants to be a Millionaire phoneline each night ! All-in-all , I 'm happy with the purchase and would recommend the phone , but the minor problems prevent a perfect rating .
 This phone is quality , it is actually more economical than a sony brand and works better . I 've just switched from a Sanyo 900Mhz DSS to this model and I could n't be happier with the HUGE step up in performance , lengthy battery time and superior range . I 've read reviews complaining about range problems , but honestly...500-1000 ft is superb for a home based cordless phone , if you want `` roaming range '' buy a cell phone . This phone works in basements , garages , bunkers , pillboxes etc. without static or any sort of annoyance . The only problem is finding replacement batteries . Ever looked for one ? Try it before you buy this because it is like looking for a needle in a hay stack . However , it is a small price to pay to keep up with technology .
 I have the Panasonic KX-TG2550S which is exactly the same as the KX-TG2550B of this review . The only difference is the color which is black and I have the silver one . I must say , this is one remarkable cordless phone . I can walk outside down the street and still be able to talk my friends . This baby can go far ! Even my neighbors thought I was on a cell phone . And the clarity is so crisp and clear still . It 's got a slick design and color . The only problem I am now superiorly satisfied with , is the weight of the phone -LRB- handset -RRB- itself , but I think I 'm getting use to it now . But if you want superior range and clarity in today 's market of cordless phone , Panasonic 's 2.4 GHz is the way to go ! You will never regret it , I promise , unless your unit is defective , that is .
 I have always liked Panasonic products , especially their cordless phones . The reception is great . I can hear callers clearly and they report the same . The range of this model is unbelievable . I use one in my business which is a 20,000 + square foot building with lots of machinery and electronics . Despite these things that usually interfere with most other cordless phones , even other 900 MHz models , the Panasonic KXTG2500B seems invulnerable.The Panasonic KXTG2500B 's does have a few draw backs which stops it from receiving five stars . Its belt clip detaches way too easily . The talk button is not backlight . The phone does have a pager -LRB- finder -RRB- feature but it does n't allow you to speak with someone at the base like most other Panasonic models . While the phone does include a jack for a headset it does n't but should include a headset for its price .
 Issue 1 - sometimes when I try to make a call , it will show out of range , even if I 'm next to the base . If you turn it off and on , it works.Issue 2 - Tons of noise if I use it near a microwave -LRB- within 30 ' or so -RRB- Issue 3 - there is no mute button . : -LRB-
 Well let me first start by saying that I am really 14 years old.I bought this phone and from that day , using the phone became more fun!I think this phone is the best thing to ever hit the market.I can walk sooooooooooo far and not get any out of range warnings or any static from the phone.The only thing I have against this phone , is that it can not be wallmounted and it is rather difficult to understand what your doing without reading the manual first.I know some other cordless phones , where as , when you take it out of the box , you know exactly what to do and you do n't even have to read the manual unless you were wondering about how you get some feature work ... but I guess that is how a high-tek phone is suppose to be!This is really worth the money ! ... If I were you , I would order this phone NOW !!
 I am pleased with the phone -- it has the caller ID and answering machine . I experienced an initial problem with programming and one call to the tech support line resolved it quickly -- that was nice . This is a very high quality cordless phone . It has a pretty good range -- we use it out by the pool and also when driving around the property .
 Good sound quality , freedom from noise , and range . But I really wanted a wall-mountable phone . Amazon should state which models are wall-mountable ; I assumed that the base converted for wall mounting as many do , but this one does n't . The handset is a little heavy . We use the ATT headset with it so the weight does n't matter .
 I am amazed . Amazed at how good this phone is , and amazed at some of the reviews I have read on this site . I will admit that I tend not to have problems with technical things , especially electronic things , but how anyone could have problems with this product is beyond me . I almost did n't buy it because of the negative reviews , but I am used to seeing such reviews on almost everything I buy . Five of the eight cordless phones that I own in two homes are Panasonic 's and they have proven to be more reliable than other brand and that is what led me to purchase this one.Aside from its good looks -LRB- personal opinion -RRB- it is comfortable to hold , comes with a belt clip , and has great range and clarity . Some people make a big deal about the navigator key . It works fine and there are four simple steps to store a number in memory . I guess some people are technically challenged , or maybe just challenged . I bought it with the Panasonic headset and it works very well too . To sum it up , I have no complaints , I like it .
 This by far is the best cordless phone on the market right now . I have had V-Tech , Unidon , and Panasonic is by far the best manufacture of cordless Phones . I have 2 of the GHZ cordless phones . One I have had one for 2 years when they first came out on the market , and it still works like a champ ! Overall , if you are considering a cordless phone , go with the Panasonic 2.4 GHZ !!!
 This is a great phone , one of the best I have ever used and it has GREAT rception & clarity . My friends do not even believe that I am using a cordless phone its so clear . I?m not sure why some of the people are complaing about reception as mine has been perfect each and everytime I?ve used it . The handset controls are a little different than what I was used to but it took less than 5 minutes to figure them out and they are easy to use . I went to my local electronic store and found that this was the most comfortable phone of the lot -LRB- also tried Vtech & Undien Etc , -RRB- , which was one of my concerns . I made the right choice .
 I bought this phone after trying many other phones . I can honestly say that this one is one of the better ones . Although it is a good phone it also has some problems . Lets start with the positive aspects . First is the range ; of all the phones I have used or tried , this one has the best range out of all of them . The clarity is also excellent , although at times when I get it to close to my computer it cam buzz a little . This is really not a big issue and happens very infrequently . The construction is sturdy and it has a really sleek design that makes it look good.For the not so positive aspects , there are a few . The biggest one that I found was with the headset heating up while in use . It heats up to the point that you have to change ear . Another is the weight . To me it seems a little heavy compared to some of the others from such companies as AT&T . Overall a great phone , that I would highly recommend .
 Like many users , I bought this phone for the range . And have had it for about half a year already . Have not experience any problem yet.the range is really greate compare to other phones I had -LRB- I used to have a sony 900MHz digital -RRB- . Beware that , even though the descrption says it can go up to 2 miles , that 's probably when you are in a clear open space . I experiment with the phone , and It went up to about 500 feet -LRB- which is really far already considering I walked through a building with it -RRB- The baterry life is also great . last about 2 weeks on standby mode , so it 's perfect for my use , since I can leave the headset in the apartment 's living room , while the base unit is connected in my bedroom -LRB- i also have another phone in my bedroom -RRB- The phone also has a very nice solid feel , and looks great , everyone who sees it likes it -LRB- a good show off -RRB- . Unlike the 2.4 GHz from v-tech , which has a cheap feeling . -LRB- also , most v-tech phones have short battery life -RRB- I consider this phone a great buy , and have been satisfied with it so far .
 This phone has excellent range , clarity and features ... i bought the 2550 -LRB- the one with caller ID -RRB- and the keypad and display are backlit so it is really easy to see at night . The phone has an optional headset jack so you can plug your microphone in . The talk button is a little small but it 's only a minor problem . overall the phone is excellent !
 The only reason to get this phone is if you need a waterproof phoneFor example you make phone calls while taking a bath , or washing dishes.You must keep this phone off the charger and only charge it when the battery runs down.And you must periodically clean the contacts or it will not charge.To some extent this is true for all portable phones , but this one is super sensitive and if you do not follow the above advice the phone will not hold a charge -- and will not work.I would not buy this phone unless you needed one that was waterproof -- but if you did this will work OK
 One of the only options out there for a spiral notebook with quadrille paper . Paper does n't rip when erasing with pencil , and ballpoint pens work great on it . I have n't had experiences where the pen has smudged any more than regular paper .
 I 've got the KX-TG2481S -LRB- same model , just silver -RRB- , and have loved it ! I have excellent reception in all locations , and though it takes a bit of practice to use the answering features , you CAN delete individual messages and keep the ones you want to save . I 'm not sure why the previous reviewer was unable to figure it out.I 'm able to easily access my messages while I 'm away from home , and have yet to have a single problem with a garbled or unintelligible message ...
 Update 7/3/05 : This phone is still in use as my daily phone as of this update . It has required a replacement battery . Other than that , its been solid and held up well.The answering machine does sound a bit dated compared to what is on the market today with the 5.8 phones.Overall , I 'm pleased and do not regret buying it ! ... end updateUnlike the other reviewer of this phone . I have been pleased with mine . Sound quality rivals corded phones . The earpiece is comfortable and can provide long conversations with comfort . Caller ID is also easy to use on the lighted LCD . Lighted keypads are also nice.Answering machine is reasonable also . Its not hifi or anything , but I 'd put it in the top 75 % in sound quality . It also takes a little bit to set up . I like the slow playback feature of the messages . I use it once in awhile on a person I know who talks really fast!Responding to the range . Normally 3 houses either way is considered decent range . I do n't know what the previous poster had for a criteria . If he wants to go a block , he 's bound for many disappointments . I live in an apartment , so I do n't need 300 ' of range . I did test the phone 's range once . I 'd say I got it to 1/4 of a mile -LRB- with choppiness -RRB- . Anyone considering a digital phone of any frequency should keep in mind that digital is fickle when the signal gets weak or interfered with . Thats why the manufacturers say put the phone in a good central spot for optimum range . High intereference spots or bad locations just kill digital phones . Where as analog phones just get staticy , digital cuts out once it loses a viable signal . It either works , chops in and out or not at all . . Anyhow , I 've gotten away from my review of this fine phone . Only drawback I 've really had is programming it . It does take some time with the manual to get it cooking . Thus the 4 stars . Once you have it set though , its a good working phone.Another feature I bought it for - ringer high , low and off.Well worth the buy and constructed well too .
 Ive had this phone 3 weeks now , and its been working like a dream . Its so clear , and it feels nice in my hands . Ive dropped it a couple of times , and nothign has happened . THe shock-resistent part is not a lie . This is the most durable panasonic phone ive ever owned . My last phone was the Gigarange Elite , and that broke within 3 months . I know panasonic phones normally decline with time , but i think this one is going to last . I also bought `` Plantronics Headset M175 for Mobile & Cordless Phones '' . NO MORE NECK CRAMPS . All in all , i recommend this phone . Go get it !
 Best , most reliable speakerphone we 've ever had , rugged , outstanding sound quality , easy to use , please make more of these phones that are splash resistant and reliable with crystal clear sound1 !!! If Panasonic wishes to increase marketshare , or any other company , it should realize that people want to find the best brand and stick with it , and that this is of utmost importance to future bottomline than to have a reputation for having only junk like all the rest after this point .
 I was very surprised to see ony two stars for this phone . I have had one for over two years and this phone has been a good solid performer . I am a self-proclaimed gadget freak and have tried many different cordless phone brands . I think that Panasonic and Sony make the best phone and I think that Panasonic , while the cheaper of the two generally makes better equipment . With two small kids ours has been dropped and moved multiple times and has never given us trouble . It has provided better clarity than my more expensive Sony phones as well . I will admit that the features that are jammed into this phone are a bit over the top but this is a very useful phone . In fact , I 'm on the site to purchase one for my mom . Happy Holiday !
 I have one of these and I can go half way down the block and still hear great . great features . Best phone I have . So good I own 3 of this model . This should be 5 + stars
 This phone really raises the bar & is a terrific value . Consumer Reports says it is basically the same as the highly rated 2593 -LRB- except for the 2 lines vs. 1 & the lack of a built in answering machine -RRB- and I can certainly see why . I 'm amazed by all these negative reviews - these people must work for a competitor of Panasonic -LRB- we all know how easy it is to write a review here -RRB- . Anyway , highly recommended !
 Having owned a previous Panasonic Gigarange phone -LRB- KX-TG2550S -RRB- and being extraordinarily satisfied , I purchased this one to replace another phone in my household that was in need of replacement.Feature for feature , both phones seem similar . However , Panasonic has improved some very critical areas . The handset has been redesigned for more comfort during long usage , a great benefit since the older model would become uncomfortable during extended periods . Also , the redesigned shell of both the handset and the base provide both a much more contemporary look as well as providing an easier grip on both . The older model 's sleek design is a little slippery , although the rubber grips helped.The user interface is similar to the previous models ' , and while it 's not too difficult , expect a learning curve before you get the hang of it . Another area where Panasonic has improved the phone is the connection between the base unit and the handset when the handset is in the cradle . The older model would occasionally have difficulty finding the connection . With the new model , this seems to also have been improved.For those who have n't owned one of these phones , I understand all this comparison may seem a little confusing . However , this phone is reliable , convenient , powerful , and crystal clear . It 's an excellent purchase and a definate improvement over last years ' Gigarange models , which were superior phones . I have owned a pair of GE cordlesses and a Sony cordless before that , and none could compare to the Panasonic Gigarange . I do n't have any first hand experience with any other models since , but this phone is an excellent phone , worthy of consideration.And plus , it just looks so much cooler than anything else on the market . You have to give it that .
 I returned four other phones , that I recently purchased , for this one ! The quality of the phone sound is the best !!! I like having the speaker phone , and use it when dialing , then `` pick up '' using the hand set if someone answers . Lots of other great features . I currently use this phone with an external answering machine . If my machine ever goes bad , this phone has a voice mail light , that I can use if I purchase voice mail service with my local phone company . I was not happy with the panasonic phone/answering machines . I returned the 2583 and 2670N as their answering machine , when playing back messages -- in between messages -- would give this annoying `` grown sound ?
 I recently bought this phone . I really like the phone so far . It is great to retrieve voicemail , it even stores your password to make it simple . It stores 50 names and numbers which make using the address book a pleasure . The clarity so far are very good and the speakerphone is awesome . The only two improvements I can think of is one
 When I first recieved this phone , I was a little leary about the 2.4 GHz and the hormonic distorion in buildings that use iron material as a structure . To my suprising , this phone works exceptionly well . I live in a dorm room and it is crystal clear in and around the dorm . I can probably even go into another dorm and have no problem -LRB- Have n't tried the range yet ! -RRB- . Overall , I think this phone was build well for a consumer looking for quality . I find the menues easy to follow and only had to look at the manual briefly but other than that , it is all self-explantory . Panasonic makes some quality phones . People in my dorm have other 2.4 GHz brand phones and they were suprised my can even go outside of my room ! -LRB- I think the diversity antenna and the Digital Spread Spectrum systems helps out alot -RRB- . Overall , I am pleased and could not ask much more but of course a lower price !
 Phone has great range . For some reason its hard to find a cordless that has a MUTE , whats up with that ? Also , on the handset there is no real ` hold ' button either . I have found that you can press ` intercom ' on the handset , which will send the caller to the base . If no one picks up the base , it places the caller on ` base hold ' . You can then press talk on the handset and take the caller back when your ready . WHY NO MUTE ? The two 900MHz Sony phones I had were the same way ???
 I have one of these and I can go half way down the block and still hear great . great features . Best phone I have . So good I own 3 of this model . This should be 5 + stars
 I have used this phone for one month . I love this phone.What I like :1 . Very clear voice quality . My friends said they ca n't tell the difference from my cord phone when I called them with the handset . The speakphone works very well . My friend said he did n't notice I changed to use the speakphone to talk to him .2 . Good range ! I can walk around the aptment and talk with the handset , when the door and the windows are closed .3 . Easy setup ! I only read the manual when I need it . Normally I just follow the commomsence to set up the phone .4 . Reasonable keyboard design . Compared with my old VTech cordless phone , I like my new Panasonic 's design . The `` Talk '' key is located in the left side of the phone , so that my face wo n't accidently pressed the `` Talk '' key and end the phone call , which had been happened several times with my old VTech cordless phone .5 . Ok battery life . The battery can be full recharged in 6 hours . I Can talk for 6 hours with a full charge .6 . Easy retrieve the voice mail.What I do n't like :1 . Do n't have speed dial key in the handset .2 . Even I answered the phone , the Caller ID signal was keep on flashing . I must check the caller log to stop the flashing .3 .
 I love this phone . It saves me so much time . I use the Plantronics -LRB- over the head type -RRB- headset with it . Then I carry the phone in a jacket pocket , or clip it on my belt , and I can do my housework -LRB- yuck -RRB- while on those long phone calls with my mom -LRB- fun -RRB- . Combining `` yuck '' and `` fun '' makes the housework so much more palatable . On the practical side this multitasking makes better use of my time.I tried another cordless phone first , but it did n't work very well . It had a constant low level of static and there was always too much interference from the refrigerator ; every time the fridge came on the static was unbelievable . -LRB- That phone was returned . -RRB- Then I checked E-pinions and found out that most people loved their Panasonic phones , so I bought one . Now , the only time I have any interference is when too close to a computer in use or a microwave in use . The fridge , washer , dryer , television , etc. all no problem . A major plus when you like to do housework while on the phone.Now my mom wants one and I am so , so happy ! I have struggled for years -LRB- since 1998 -RRB- to hear her over the interference on her old cordless phone - she nicknamed it `` the funny phone '' it works so poorly . While I am here to order her one , I thought I should write a review because the only other reviewer said he hated this phone . I love mine.Besides the technical stuff , the white color is quite attractive in the kitchen . This is another plus that finally sold my mom on buying a decent phone . She will only buy white electronic devices . It sounds funny , and we joke about it , but I must admit that her home because of her color choice .
 I have owned this phone for over a year , and after replacing the original NiCd Panasonic battery with a GE 1300 mAh NiMH battery -LRB- TL965600187 -RRB- , the battery performance has been exceptional . The features of this phone are excellent and the performance has been great . However , recently we have been unable to use it at all due to large amounts of 2.4 GHz interference in our home . Beware of too many wireless devices in your area . The 2.4 GHz spectrum is the wild west . Other than that , this phone is great !!
 I got this phone after my old GE business phone finally died . This phone
 The phone is great ; exactly as described . Arrived very quickly , excellent price . A + + + seller . Thanks !
 I RETURNED THIS PHONE TO PRICE BREAK BUT HAVE NOT RECEIVED A CREDIT ON MY CREDIT CARD . MY EFFORTS TO CONTACT AMAZON ABOUT THE MATTER HAVE BEEN FRUITLESS . I HAVE BEEN UNABLE TO LOGIN . NO PHONE NUMBER IS AVAILABLE.I AM VERY UNHAPPY WITH THE SERVICE FROM PRICE BREAK AND AMAZON .
 Being right-handed and having a lefty daughter , it 's all new to me . I have learned that many of the universal scissors are simply different grips with righty blades . The blades make such a difference when they are cutting . These are true lefty scissors .
 The grips on these scissors are a little different and not what I expected but they 're nice and work great . We also received the scissors a couple of days before we expected .
 My leftie loves them . We bought some extras for his classroom , and my rightie son can use them in a pinch .
 The Westcott Left handed Scissors arrived on time and where exactly what i order . they are a good quality and work great for young kids . I 'm left handed and had to learn to use right handed scissors . they dont cut well that way and hurt your hands . Im so glad my son does n't have to experience the same thing .
 A must for any parent of a lefthanded child . His daycare did n't have any for him to use . No problems . . Amazon to the rescue ! He does much better now with his cutting !
 These self-laminating photo ID badges are ingenious . Basically , you print on one side of the badge stock , `` push '' it through the back , and fold over the self-contained lamination . My only gripe is that this product is no longer manufacture . No substitutions are available that I am aware of .
 Just what I needed . I was looking for some way of organizing all of my keys etc. instead of just laying them on the counter . I hung this organizer on the inside of my closet door and it holds a lot more that it looks like it should . Really cleaned up the clutter . Highly recommended .
 After studying a large number of key organizers , I found this one met my personal household needs . My wife and I have it mounted on the back of our garage entry closet door where it works well and suits our needs . Inside it has plenty of space to organize and store spare keys . The three &#34; cups &#34; on the front make it convenient to toss car and house keys .
 Have been using the phone since beginning June 2003 , the overall quality of the product is good.The display on the handsets is gone after a month , now I can not figure how to correct it . . panasonic is no help in getting this corrected as of now . . waiting to be sent for servicing . . it is a hassle to dial or use the handset any display on the handset ... Deleting the messages using the handset is a mystery . .
 Have used this system with 3 handsets for over five years now and I am quite satisfied . The Nickle-Hydride batteries do wear out after about 11 months , and have been replaced with MiMH cells that are much better and last twice as long . Once battery is wearing down the voice quality is poor and the charge diminishies rapidly , but that 's to be expected . Intercom function is excellent , with room monitoring . Those features alone would cost 2-3x the investment here . Caller ID and easy to configure , useful features . The speakerphone capability is much better than average , and the wireless range is quite good . Panasonic 's support is about average .
 I 've owned this system for about 8 months and I 've never had any trouble with it . The sound quality and range are very good , though your situation may be different from mine -LRB- see any of the negative reviews for examples -RRB- . The system does n't interfere with wireless computer networks which is definitely a plus . The phone book function is very handy.I have only two complaints
 I agree with those who have had battery problems . I replaced all the original handset batteries with NiMH batteries about a year ago and have n't had any problems whatsoever since ! I used Energizer ER-P511 batteries that I bought at the local Best Buy . I understand Panasonic may actually make NiMH batteries for this phone now as well , but they are not included with the new phones . I highly recommend anyone with this phone switch batteries ... major improvement !
 I waited for this phone to come out for what seemed like forever . I was tempted by other 5.8 Ghz phones , but none of them really measured up . Some were not true 5.8 -LRB- 2.4 one way and 5.8 the other -RRB- , the others could not use both handsets at the same time or share a phonebook -LRB- * cough * Uniden * cough * -RRB- . I must tell you , when I got this phone , it was worth the wait.Pros : The buttons are very responsive.True 5.8 Ghz phoneExcellent sound qualityShared phonebook between base and other handsets -LRB- you can transfer each number individually -RRB- Almost lifelike speakerphone quality -LRB- best that I 've heard so far -RRB- Redial of the last 5 made calls3 mail boxesPhone conference between handsets and/or baseCall transfer between handsets and/or baseBacklit display and buttonsPrivacy button , so other handsets can not join -LRB- if you wish -RRB- Mute button -LRB- where have you been all my life , no more covering the mic with a hand -RRB- Cons : Huge handset -LRB- when compared to earlier Panasonic models -RRB- No clock on the handset display -LRB- AT&T ; and Uniden have this feature -RRB- Ca n't figure out how to erase messages from handset -LRB- maybe its just me -RRB- Bottom Line : I love this phone . Definitely worth the wait . Best panasonic so far and by far the best 5.8 Ghz phone out there right now . -LRB- not the cheapest though -RRB-
 I bought and tried three different 5.8 GHZ phones available on the market ... Uniden , VTech , and the Panasonic . The following is what I found : UnidenThe Uniden looks good , but only performs decently . The handset is a bit big and clunky , and fairly heavy too . The worse feature of the phone is the ear piece . It sounds very tinny and not really that impressive for a phone of this quality and price . It 's like talking to someone with a tin can up to your ear ... all treble and no bass ... does n't sound natural . Probably the worse sounding ear piece I 've ever heard on a phone.VTechFirst of all , it does n't truly utilize 5.8 GHZ technology ... it 's 2.4 one way and 5.8 the other ... so this still can cause problems with outside interference and computer networks . The phone performs fairly well , but there was nothing that special about it 's performance or features . A 2.4 GHZ phone for more than $ 50 less would perform the same.PanasonicWOW ! BY FAR THE BEST PHONE ON THE MARKET . I honestly found no flaws with this phone . Great range -LRB- further than the other two -RRB- , never experienced static once , great sound and clarity from the ear piece , really nice answering machine and caller id features , very clear displays , . . the lists goes on . Just an all around great phone . I 'm glad I tested them all out to see what was the best bang for my buck ... the Panasonic 5.8 GHZ phone blows the other 5.8 ghz phones out of the water ... it 's not even close . If I had n't tried them all , I may have been satisified with the other 2 , but having tried the Panasonic , I would n't even consider the Uniden or VTech phones ... they are mediocre in comparison to the Pansonic ... yet cost the same price.Go with the Panasonic ... I love it . Best phone I 've ever owned .
 Take a close look at all of these reviews . Most of the old reviews are excellent and they gradually get worse as you get towards the newer reviews . This is a direct indication of this phone 's reliability.I 've had the phone for about a year now . My first review was 5 stars . My current review is a GENEROUS 3 stars.This phone is loaded with great features , the speakerphone is excellent , and the reception has been good in my 3 level house -LRB- it even works when I go to my mailbox which is over 30 feet away -RRB- . The main problem is the battery life . At about 10 months the battery life began deteriating rapidly and I had to replace both batteries . Very annoying.I 've also noticed some other reliability issues - like the ringer breaks up now when there 's an incoming call . Also , the speaker phone does n't seem to work as well as it used to . The speaker seems to break up a little.If you do n't mind changing the batteries every 8-12 months than this is a good phone for you . Personally I would recommend a newer model with a NiMH battery .
 I wrote some tips based on problems noted in other reviews as well as some items that surprised me after I got the telephone home . We had a nice telephone before , but this one has several features that we had not seen before . Here are some items , followed by the page number in the manual for further reference . I noticed that the manual is available on the product page . If any of these items seems very important , then I suggest you check the manual for more details.SETUP = > Although you can connect 8 handsets total , only four can be used at once . -LRB- page 24 -RRB- = > The privacy button , when pressed , prevents others from joining the conversation on any of the extensions to this telephone . -LRB- page 45 -RRB- = > You can copy all the items in the phone book to another unit . -LRB- page 38-39 -RRB- MESSAGES = > If someone calls and wants to leave a message after you have answered , you can transfer them to a mailbox . -LRB- page 57 -RRB- = > You can check messages from the handset . -LRB- page 54 -RRB- = > You can erase all messages or just one . -LRB- page 56 -RRB- = > The light only blinks for new messages , not for all new calls . If you received calls , it says `` received calls '' on the LCD screen . The blinking light issue for all new calls was the only thing that we hated about our last Panasonic phone . I could n't find where it talked about this in the manual , but I tested it several times . = > There 's only one thing about the telephone that did n't make sense . There 's a button right next to the blinking light that lets you know that you have a new message . That made me think that was the button to push to play back messages . Wrong ! That button turns the answering machine on and off , that 's all . To play back a message press the number of the mailbox , 1 , 2 or 3 . -LRB- page 53 -RRB- = > You can set the playback speed to slow playback ... nice for writing down telephone numbers . -LRB- page 55 -RRB- = > Stored messages are not affected by power failures . Messages are saved until erased . We lost our power for five days due to weather . When the power came back on , our messages were still there . -LRB- page 22 -RRB- CALLER ID = > It 's very easy to erase all the items in the Caller ID list or just one . -LRB- page 33 -RRB- = > If you subscribe to Caller ID , the date and time are set automatically through the Caller ID information service after the first telephone ring . I unplugged the phone , this worked . The manual does warn that the time might be wrong after a power outage , but we have not had problems with that . -LRB- page 17 -RRB- MAILBOXES = > We do n't use the multiple mailboxes and had some concern about that . As it turns out , that does n't matter , the calls automatically go into mailbox one and we just do n't use the others . -LRB- page 50 -RRB- = > You can password mailboxes 2 and 3 to prevent anyone else from accessing the messages . -LRB- page 51 -RRB- GENERAL COMMENTS : There are several other features that we do n't use , like the monitor function . I tested it , though , and it seems to work ok . When you call the other phone to monitor , it does n't ring , but the monitored handset does say `` room monitor '' on the LCD screen.The handset is longer than my old handset . So if I hold the telephone with the mouthpiece lined up like I 'm used to , then the sound is faint . But if I line up the earpiece with my ear , then I can hear fine . Until I did that , I thought the volume was too faint . It felt a little awkward until I got used to it.The manual is straightforward , complete , and easy to follow . There is a good list of troubleshooting errors that refers you to a page . Great index . The one thing that I do n't like is that some of the methods to complete functions are slightly different on the base than on the handset . I basically only use the handset , so that has not been a big deal.I bought this telephone because I have a wireless headphone that uses the 2.4 ghz frequency . I wanted to be able to use the headset while others were talking on the telephone . For that , it works great . We owned another Panasonic telephone . This one is much easier to use . I like this telephone quite well and highly recommend it .
 Let me tell you why I bought this . Expandability , features , speakerphone , intercom , usable distance . In short , if you need any of these features ... get this phone system . All of these work well in my house . I 'm buying at least two more extensions today to make a total of four handsets.I 've owned many Uniden phones . I 've bought and returned Sony and other Mfr . phones . I 've researched and bought the the Siemens 4215 phone for my family . However , I have to say this is a better system . I 'm a design engineer with a strong pension for quality products.This phone can reach into our steel pole barn with no apparent loss of signal -LRB- 200 + feet away -RRB- through brick , glass and steel . I stood on the other side of the microwave -LRB- from the base station -RRB- that used to render my 2.4 Ghz unusable ... it had no effect on this phone . I have more trials planned . I bought this at 6th __ -LSB- local website -RSB- -LSB- local website -RSB- . Cons
 I recently returned my Uniden 448-2 to pick up this phone . Here are some of my reasons for the change : The TG5110M is expandable up to eight handsets vs Uniden 's two . This is a great feature for those with families or if you 'd simply like more cordless phones around the house . I also enjoy the intercom feature that allows you to page any one of the eight optional handsets or the base unit individually . Want to talk to Sarah in the family room ? Press intercom then the number of the family room handset . It 's really user friendly and convenient . I also like the speaker phone on the handsets . Tired of holding the phone while talking to grandma for hours ? Set the phone on the couch and talk from a distance . A really cool feature.As a fair reviewer I also have a few gripes . For one , there 's no speed dial . With the Uniden you can press one button to dial a number , and with the Panasonic you have to scroll through the phone book . There is also no distinctive ring option that some cordless phones have . I also have a problem with the design . This phone seems very bulky and heavy compared to most cordless phones on the market . It does n't feel comfortable in your hand . I also think that the talk and off buttons should be backlit . Some have complained about battery life , but unless you plan on talking for over four hours straight it should n't be much of a concern . Hey , you have at least two of them , switch!Bottom line , this is n't a perfect phone , in fact I do n't think it 's enough phone for the money , but it 's not terrible either . It has some nice features and would make a great addition to any household .
 This is a flexible , easy to use phone system which has a number of valuable features , is an excellent design , but has some flaws in its execution you 've got to live with.There are plenty of bonus features , that other reveiwers have detailed , so I 'm just going to touch on a few key points that you should consider when deciding to buy.A KEY point in its favor
 I 've had the phone for three weeks now and I ca n't find a single thing to complain about . The sound is clear - no buzz , no static and I 've moved the handset as far as 150 feet from the base station with no degradation in sound quality . Besides sound , there are two things I really love about this phone .1 . With just a few keystrokes you can copy a saved phone entry , or even an entire directory , from any unit to any other unit . That 's a real time saver if you store 40 - 50 numbers in memory .2 . In today 's world , when calling a business , it seems like it takes forever to get to a human being on the phone . Whenever I 'm put on hold , I just press the speaker phone button on the handset and continue with whatever I 'm working on at the time . The speaker phone volume on either the base or the handsets is more than loud enough for me to hear and respond when a human voice replaces the elevator music I 'm usually forced to listen to . This feature saves both my time and my sanity.The caller ID on this phone works as well as it does or did on any of my other phones so I think that Panasonic has definitely licked that problem . If you shop around , you can find this phone at pretty good discounts off list . I bet you wo n't be disappointed .
 I highly recomend this phone . Great quality at a low price .
 This is the best phone that I have come across in a while . It has all the features that you expect from an expensive phone . I sure hope it will last forever . I had a Uniden for which I 've always owned Unidens . I will have to see if this phone will live up to its reputation . I like all the features that its capable of . I especially like the ring tones , they ring like office phones ring , very upscale , I feel like I 'm in my office . I know it 's a bit pricey but give it a shot , their are n't many 5.8 's out there . Oh and go the extra and buy the one w / the extra handset included it is worth the money difference .
 The Panasonic 5.8 model shown above has great options and capability . It 's usuer friendly and has the most features than any phone out there . The clarity is great and I love the ringer tones , they sound like the ones in the office . Although its pricey and has the extra handset , there are other options out there for 5.8 phones .
 This phone system is great ! We love it . Lightning shipping !
 Reception is fair , marginally better than the 900 MHz model we had two years ago . The volume is acceptable in a quiet house , but with small children or background music the earset volume is inadequate . The display is good as are all the ring options . The monitor function is excellent for babies and for eavesdropping on older anklebiters . The intercom feature is excellent as well . The major drawback is the limited earpiece volume .
 My friend has 8 Siemens cordless phones at home and another friend of mine had Siemens cordless phones in his factory , he 's since switched to Panasonic and had no more problems . I get a lot less noise/interferance on my Panasonics , and my range is a lot farther than my friend 's Siemens . I 've got two of these phones and the LCD screen on one died just a couple weeks after I got it , that 's sub-par quality from what I 'd expect from Panasonic , so I give them 4 stars instead of 5 that I would have . I also did n't see an easy way to auto-redial on a busy signal which is very frustrating , I 'll take a look in the manual , but , with something like this you really should n't NEED to look at the manual , if you do , it 's not ergonomically designed .
 We have lived in a remote area for over 20 years and have never been able to find a cordless phone that actually WORKED ! Well , this one DOES !!! We would have settled for a phone that just reached between the house and barn , but this Panasonic phone has so many other features that have made it a pleasant tool to keep in touch!Thank you Panasonic !
 Why I like it ... 1 . 3 mailboxes .2 . Address book can be easily shared among all 3 phones -LRB- base and 2 handsets -RRB- .3 . Excellent speakerphone capability .4 . Stylish - slightly larger handset size is very comfortable.This replaced an 8 year old 900 mHz Panasonic because the number 7 stopped working after a Coke -LRB- tm -RRB- related spill ... I am very pleased with the new design .
 This has been a good phone EXCEPT for the NiCad battery that was shipped with the phone.We 've had this phone for almost 2 years but after contacting Panasonic about the battery problem they sent out 2 replacement batteries.HHR-P402PED It 's a NI-MH battery which means that you can recharge it after each use.The original batteries lost their charge and the phone kept losing contact with the base.We 're very happy with the phone now and it does n't interfere with our wireless internet connection .
 This phone does all that it advertises
 I have had this phone for quite some time and it 's wall mounted and takes up so little space ! It holds all my phone numbers -LRB- quite a lot ! -RRB- and with the Caller ID , it 's a blessing ! Know when to avoid answering -LRB- that 's why I have to remain anon -RRB- and I set special ring tones for friends with whom I do want to talk . I ca n't live without this phone !! It clips to your side and you can use the earpiece and walk around the house and work in the yard and the clarity does n't change one bit ! This is the best cordless phone I have ever owned . When I am in the kitchen I can set it on the counter and just hit speaker phone and talk and cook and the quality does n't change for the caller either . If you have n't had a 2.4 giga-this is the phone to get as it 'll be the only one for a LONG time ! Ca n't say enough good things . This is a busy house here and it 's been dropped a lot too but never gets sensitive . With all of its small delicate looking features , it seems like you might need to be careful , but not this guy . He 's been great , pulling his weight around this household !
 My original review is below . I have now had this phone system and 4 extension handsets for over a year . I have had no battery problems , no sound quality problems , no range problems , no answering machine problems and very minor volume issues with this phone . I * do * have a 2.4 GHz Wireless LAN in my house and have had zero issues with that . After I read all the negative press on this phone -LRB- after I bought it -RRB- I was sure I 'd be disappointed , but I 'm not . I have noticed that this model is no longer available , so if any of my handsets go , I 'll have to replace with another whole system . That 's not good . But honestly , I do n't think I could be much happier with what I have . *** original review *** I just upgraded to one of these systems and it is just about perfect for putting an `` instant network '' of phones in any home or even a small office running on a single phone line . Speakerphone feature works well -LRB- every handset AND the base station have speakers -RRB- , broadcast range is excellent -LRB- 100 ft through walls with no problem -RRB- , the ONLY minor complaint is that sometimes the volume on the earpiece is too low . The phone even has a `` signal booster '' feature that helps if you 're having problems on a call . The intercom feature is excellent . And the ability to listen to voice mail from any extension is great .
 I was looking for phone that had excellent speakerphone capabilities , what I got was the bonus package . This phone has , expandability , I 've already ordered a second handset , and will replace all of our phones in the house with them in the near future . The intercom feature my wife and I have used it continuously over the last few days . As far as speakerphones , it works great , -LRB- ease of use , muting , and privacy -RRB- and the handset itself also has speakerphone capabilities . We called all of our relatives to wish them happy new year , me using the speaker phone at the base , and my wife elsewhere in the house using the speaker phone on the handset , if you are looking for a phone , this is what you should buy !!! Excellent phonebook , caller id , conference call , answering machine , etc. . capabilities . I 'd give 10 stars if possible .
 The Panasonic KX-TG5110M is simply the best phone we have ever had . Set-up was easy and the phone has crystal clear reception . The handhelds are the right size and comfortable and the functions of the phone are easy to use . I really like being able to store phone number in each of the handhelds and easily copy the phone books to the other handhelds.Perfect phone system ! You will love it .
 This is the best product of this type -LRB- multihandset -RRB- on the market . It does have few cons .
 You can only monitor incoming calls from the base . Which is a real inconvenience if the base is upstairs and you 're downstairs.Good sound , lots of other great features , but if you screen calls , this is not the phone for you .
 The only feature that would make this phone even better is the ability to direct a call to a specific headset . This phone has good sound , same distance from base as a 2.4 ghz system , buttons are responsive , speakerphone as good as speaker phone can get , easy to transfer calls from handset to handset and from speaker to handset , has a keypad on base unit , comfortable to hold , battery life is as stated .
 I had an older phone that was great till it just died.This was used as well not used to buying used equipment !!!
 Possibly the best 5.8 ghz phone on the market . Two-way 5.8 ghz communication is by far worth the price alone if you also have a 2.4 ghz wireless network running in your home . AT&T ; , Uniden , and VTech rushed their less capable 5.8 ghz phones to market while Panasonic seems to have figured out what it takes to make 5.8 ghz work.Good batterly life -LRB- though it is a NiCad , possibly the only downside I 've found in the phone -RRB- . Good sound quality . Good range . Nice features . I 'm very satisfied with this phone .
 When our 900 mHz Panasonic and Vtech phones died , it was time to upgrade . However , we have a 802.11 b setup , so a 2.4 GHz phone was not a wise idea . After a week of use -LRB- while using the computers online -RRB- this phone is incredible . No interference and strong signal all over the house . The number of options is a little overwhelming -LRB- 3 mailboxes ! multiple ringers ! signal booster ! -RRB- but the phone is still easy to operate . Kudos to Panasonic for putting a speakerphone on every handset . Overall , another great phone from Panasonic .
 We 've had the Siemens Gigaset 8825 system for 3 years . The range was just ok , but the quality was terrible - we had to return a handset just about every 6 months.So , we finally decided to switch it out ant go the Panasonic 5.8 system . It 's been great so far . The features on it are fantastic - the speakerphone on each handset is just great . The range is about 30 feet better than the Siemens . We 're really happy with it.It 's basically chock full of features that the Siemens did n't have , has better range , and is less expensive .
 FEATURES , FEATURES , FEATURES . You should give this a try . I have waited for a great phone and it 's now here . I got a great price . Going to buy another handset . I Like using belt clip -LRB- which is very secure on phone -RRB- and speaker phone on the handset when I 'm on hold . I just clip it to my shirt and continue my life . You can adjust volume on handset , on base , for ringer and volume for Monitoring answering machine . Which I forgot to turn on.LOLLove the NOT TO SHORT phone . I can put it on my shoulder again . Love the light up display . Love the easy menu 's . Really love the one touch dial of last 5 calls . Love the Add to phone book.SPEAKER PHONE IS CLEAR ! But callers can still tell its a speaker phone . Have n't needed to use Booster yet . Manual is big help and clear . It 's a very attractive phone . I 've seen some reviews here that knock the volume . No real problem here . Use it by my computer all the time . No interference.I wish it could set ring tones for specific callers . That would be very convienient . Especially if it could be set to ring differently for Out of Area or Anonymous calls . Darn telesellers.I also wish it would learn to fix dinner . Still waiting for that feature too ...
 After our old 900Mhz phone died , we went through a number of phones , both 900Mhz and 2.4 Ghz , with all sounding just terrible . With so many bad sounding phones , I was looking for one that an audiophile would love -- other features are much less important . After reading the reviews of this model we gave it a go , and it has n't disappointed.I 'm not an audiophile , but the sound quality was really my number one concern . I just hate a lot of interference and the tinny sound that many -LRB- most -RRB- cordless phones have . This one sounds as good as a good corded phone . It is absolutely clear and clean . Even the speaker phone on the handsets has great sound.Others mention the handset is too big and hefty , but I like it . It feels like it is a quality piece , not cheap and plasticy . I think this is a subjective item -- you may want to get your hands on one to judge for yourself.The system has a great feature set that works nicely for our family , with the 3 mailboxes and so forth . It 's great to have the two handsets , with options for more . I think this will be a phone system that can grow with us and be useful for many years .
 I bought this phone system more than three years ago . At the time I did n't have phone company voice mail , so I relied on the answering machine function extensively until about a year ago when I got voice mail service through the phone company.The only problem I ever had with this phone system was the short life of the original batteries - after about a year they were no longer holding a charge , to the point of dropping calls . Fortunately I discovered that by then it was possible to get Nickel-Metal Hydride batteries for these phones , and I bought them here at amazon : Nickel-Metal Hydride Cordless Phone Battery For Panasonic P-P511 . Good decision
 I 've had this phone for several years now and I still enjoy it . Actually , my parents purchased a different phone by a different company at the same time . They have since thrown they phone out and purchased this phone . We both have two additional cradles . When I was looking for a phone , I worried about the reviews , especially about the answering machine quality . I have no problems with it . I only have difficulty understanding one of my friends when she leaves a message but since it 's only one I do n't think the problem is the phone . My parents are not with the electronic age and they have not problems working the phone .
 this is the same phone as the kx-tg5100m -LRB- the kx-tg5110m has a second handset in the box -RRB- . also read the reviews for that product .
 Got this phone on Ebay almost 2 years ago and no problems , Zero . My wife and I work from home and use these phones ALOT ! ... I read some comments about batteries and these phones being junk ... my guess is operator error ; e.g. not fully charging phone before use as it states in about 25 places , or not putting the phones back in the cradle when not being used . That or they 're throwing the handsets around , these are pieces of electronic equipment . And if you got a bad battery go to radio shack and get a new phone pack for $ 5.00 , then complain to Panny and see if you get a refund . If the $ 5.00 is going to break you , you should n't be buying a $ 200 phone -LRB- at my time of purchase -RRB- . I 'm not cheerleading Panasonic , just have not had any problems with this phone in 2 years .
 First of I got this at http://www.jjielectronics.com/product.asp?0=242&1=243&3=161 for $ 229.00 . This is a great phone . No static while sitting in front of my computer , excellent range and sound quality . The speaker phone is so good that people wont even know they are on speaker phone and speaker phone on the handset is perfect ! My only gripe is that I wish the handset volume would go up one more notch , although the speaker phone volume goes quite high . Highly recommend !!!
 I purchased this phone about a month ago and have been very happy with it . The setup is very easy , having the extra handset is great when you do n't have a phone jack handy and the battery lasts a long time . The instructions say that it lasts 11 days but with pretty regular use , mine holds a charge about a week at a time . I only have two complaints , its hard to hold the phone on your shoulder when you have your hands full -LRB- but there is a head set jack if you are so inclined -RRB- and the letters and numbers on the display on the hand sets are small . Otherwise I absolutely love it . Its the best phone that I 've ever had . There is volume control , you can number each hand set , and you can set each handset with its own ring tone . There is so much more to this phone than is available with any others . Buy it !
 I have had this phone for a couple of months now and I continue to be impressed with the range and the quality of the phone . I can walk all over my 3 acres and not lose the signal . I can also take the handset out into my shop -LRB- about 20 feet away from the house -RRB- and not lose signal . This phone is feature rich and user friendly as well . I ca n't find anything to complain about .
 It 's hard to believe anyone would find fault with this phone.It 's plug and play . You plug a phone line into the base unit and then extensions just go into a wall socket . You plug in your extensions . Once you charge it for 4-5 hours , all you have to do is ` assign ' a 2-6 number to the extension and THAT 'S IT ! -LRB- In the set here , you do n't even have to do that ! It 's mart enough to realize the 2nd phone is phone # 2 -RRB- . Everything just works.The screen is bright and clear and the OS is pretty strightforward , you do n't even to really read the instructions , the arrows toggle you up & down to subchoices like last 20 calls , phone book , etc ... You can access the voicemail from ANY phone , speakerphone easy as pie to activate and you can transfer calls , AND page the other extension -LRB- and use it as a walktie-talkie -RRB- . Brilliant!Again , hard to believe ANYONE would find fault with this phone . It 's not the lightest phone but it 's solidly built and the sound is great ... For the WiFi/wireless geeks , you have to get a 5.8 Ghz phone so it does n't interfere with your wireless setup - and both networks work perfectly . So , I 'm not sure if they live under a power line but for everyone else , reception is fantastic!This is exactly what electronics are supposed to be . YOu plug it in . It works for YEARS on end with no problems and no having to dig through a manual to figure out what 's what.I researched through all the available phones and this is the best of the 5.8 Ghz via specs and now in using it , it 's perfect !
 I have had this phone system for 2wks now . We have a phone on each level of our 3 level home . With the base unit on the second level , there is more than enough signal to have awesome fidelity without using the signal boost feature.I would strongly recommend this phone system .
 I admit I was worried about spending over $ 200 for a phone/answering machine , but the phone works great . -LRB- A -RRB- Range is outstanding -LRB- well over 100 yards -RRB- -LRB- B -RRB- Clear as a bell -LRB- C -RRB- Easy to set-up . I do wish I could eavesdrop on a call from a remote as it was being recorded , but that is my only complaint after 3 months of use.While the volume at the headset is not loud , turning on the speaker-phone function removes any problem with poor hearing.Overall . I could not be more pleased with this purchase , and have highly recommended this phone to friends and family .
 I did alot of reading and shopping around before buying this phone for our home use . After buying it and using it for the last 6 months I can honestly say that its a great phone . The second phone does not have to be plugged into a phone jack -- just a power source making placement of it very convenient . Even with the base unit in a downstairs room and the second phone upstairs there are no reception problems . I also love the intercom feature and the unique ringtones.There are multiple mailboxes that can be set up and are easy to access from either of the phones . I also like being able to transfer calls between headsets -- this is great if you have family members who are often in different rooms.The phone works well , is static free , and is easy to use . I highly reccommend it .
 Since SkypeIn and SkypeOut were introduced , I have bought and experimented with a variety of IP phones , but none of them were truly workable
 Having got fed up with the irritating echoes on Skype through the computer speakers , plus the fact that talking into a microphone in front of your PC is n't very relaxing , I decided to get a Skype phone handset . I knew what I wanted - a corded handset , nothing too expensive , that worked out of the box . I also wanted - and this was the tricky part - to find one that would also work on my Mac and not just the PC.When checking around for products I was amazed at how expensive some of this stuff was . Equally there was some very cheap stuff out there but I had no idea if it would work . Fortunately I stumbled across the IPEVO FREE1 phone and various reviews that said it worked on Mac OSX -LRB- if you download the drivers -RRB- so I ordered it.Straight away I have to say that this whole buying experience was excellent - Amazon are usually very good for me but this time they excelled ; my phone arrived less than 36 hours after I had ordered it and even with Free Super Saver Delivery . It cost me 17.99 which is one heck of a bargain.When it arrived I plugged it into the USB port on my Mac and it worked as a phone instantly . However pressing all the little buttons on it did nothing so I went to the IPEVO website and downloaded the drivers , realised that I have to run a little separate program as well as Skype , ran the program and off it went . I had a choice of ringtones on the handset -LRB- all pretty basic -RRB- , where the sound came from -LRB- I could have it from the computer 's speakers or the Free1 handset -RRB- , how loud various bits ` n bobs were . Basically all the things you might need to change . It 's got some useful buttons on it that scroll down your Skype contacts list so you do n't actually have to touch the computer to make calls and stuff.I then loaded the drivers for the PC , plugged it into the PC and it worked instantly then too -LRB- although I did have to shut down first , as it informed me -RRB- . I ca n't think of the last time I plugged the same new piece of hardware into both PC and Mac and it worked first time , so 10 points for IPEVO for that . Sound quality seems fine on both platforms , there 's a little green light so you know it 's working and ... what more can I say . A great bit of kit , a smaller handset than your usual home phone -LRB- it 's 15cm long and just under 4cm wide -RRB- and it works . It 's a great little phone that I highly recommend .
 the ipevo usb handset is stylish and lightweight piece . design-wise , it has already gathered several awards and there 's little to add but praise . in terms of sound , it 's been perfect so far - loud and clear . there are several extensive reviews on the web , and all of them seem to rate it very positively . works very well with both mac -LRB- in this case mac mini -RRB- and pc laptops -LRB- an ibm t41 and a fujitsu-siemens -RRB- . excellent bargain for the price .
 I 'm experimenting with Skype as my sole phone service and although the service has worked great , I do n't enjoy using a headset . This is the first Skype phone I purchased and there is no reason to keep looking.The first time I used it , I called a co-worker on his cell phone and the clarity was unbelievable . I never before had such a clear call to a cell phone . He commented , `` if it was n't for the caller ID on the cell phone , I would n't believe you were calling from a computer . `` I brought it to work for others to sample and they were equally amazed.The only thing I would change is the size . It 's a bit smaller than I expected but no different than most cell phones today.I would recommend this phone to anyone .
 I own a mac , and it 's hard to find gear for Skype . This is really the perfect Skype companion - sleek in design -LRB- I have a black macbook -RRB- , love the user interface , but most of all , I love the voice quality . Very , very clear . Much better than all the others I 've tried -LRB- philips and polycom -RRB- . Much cheaper too , which made me very happy : - -RRB-
 I have a mac , and this is an awesome Skype phone . Hook it up , plug in the driver , and you 'll be good to go . Super-clear voice quality with the best echo cancelation of all Skype phones out there . A must have !
 It is a nice product , nice design , nice voice quality and easy to use , but is expensive product when you discover that are other similars phones half of price of this , like thePhilips VOIP 080 Skype VOIP Travel Phone
 I have had this for about two years and it has worked perfectly . Recently , inexplicably something went wrong with it and an e-mail to Ipevo produced a replacement in record time even though I had owned it for about two years . I have bought another for my wife and shall be loyal to Ipevo for their first class service .
 It 's installation was quite simple , and the quality is more than you would expect from the price . I got mine a couple of years ago and recently died -LRB- It lasted much more than I expected , considering the use we give it at home -RRB- . I just got another one to replace it , because it works much better than the wireless ones , and for much much less $ $ ... Completely satisfied with Ipevo ...
 The iPevo is a great phone - inexpensive , simple to use , and sound quality is good . Unusually for Skype phones , it works with a Mac - and without loosing features too . This is the third one I have purchased , two for me and one for a friend . I have had a problem with mine - the first one after about a year , the cord broke just about where it enters the phone . I returned it to the distributor and they replaced it without question . After about 18 months - the new one failed in the same way . It could be my method of coiling the cord when I travel is putting too much strain on it - in which case mea culpa ! The problem is the phone still works but I 've had to buy a new one because I ca n't replace the cable . Still , this is a minor quibble and probably mis-use on my part . The phone is great value and excellent in use . Looks stylish too and always gets comments when people see me using it . It also make Skype calls really clear and avoids the echo when not using a handset . Looks MUCH better than a geeky headset !
 This is my second Ipevo Free-one USB phone . I liked the first one so much that I gave it to a friend from Europe . It is great for travel and fits easily in my laptap bag . Since I use it with my laptop I do n't need a screen on it -- the computer is the screen . I need Internet access when I travel internationally so with Ipevo I can call home for two cents a minute from my hotel room and not have to pay a hotel phone call rate .
 I have been a huge fan of Skype . I dropped my landline service long time ago and use Skype as my dedicated home phone service ever since . I am using SkypeIn , SkypeOut and a monthly subscription -LRB- unlimited USA and Canada -RRB- now and extremely happy with the service from Skype . Skype is the most reasonable service to call foreign countries and I do make international calls a lot . Since I have been a long time user of Skype , I have used many Skype phone solutions on the market . I have tried USB phones , USB phone adapters that can allow me to use normal phones , and computers . The USB phone adapters were my preferred solution before it gets broken . I had used an ActionTec Vosky Call Center and a Eforcity USB Skype phone adapter . Both of them stop working after few months and I threw them away . USB phones are more economical solutions -LRB- some are free-after-rebate -RRB- than others , however , the quality of the calls vary by the makers . The computer was my least favorite option , since I do not want to make a call right in front of a monitor.When I ordered the IPEVO USB handset for Skype , I was intrigued by its beautiful look in the first place . After I received the IPEVO , I found that this phone is the prettiest phone I ever have . When it comes to the quality of the calls , I can say that no other Skype phone can be good as this even including a headset and a computer combination . The clarity of the sound coming out from IPEVO is perfect . As of today , I have been using this phone more than a year -LRB- maybe more than 2 years , I do n't rembmer -RRB- and it still shows the same great sound quality like the first day . I chose black one not to get dirty easily . However , when I got the second IPEVO in white , I got an impression that it would not get ugly over the time like the products from Apple . And I was right.Now this IPEVO phone is my first recommendation whenever my friends ask me about the good Skype phone . If it is a wireless Skype phone -LRB- with the same clear sound quality -RRB- , it could n't be better . However , I still love this product so much with a dangling cord . This is the best Skype investment I have made other than the Skype service itself.Thank you IPEVO . You made me a great son who loves call to dad 6,000 miles away .
 The sound quality is good , better than my analog headphone / mike combo . Being a USB connected device it bypasses the sound card thus not picking up noise from the computer . As a hand held phone format it is pretty good . Too thin to hold between your head and shoulder like a real phone . So , if you are on a longer call it can get tiring having to hold this phone . Having one hand tied up when your in front of the computer can be a handicap too . Otherwise I like it . One thing ... Even though Skype recognized that I had this device and asked if it was allowed to interact with Skype , I still had to go into skypes settings and enable / allow it again before the buttons etc worked .
 Fastest shipping , very prompt in delivery and stuff was better than i expected
 It is becoming harder and much harder to find supplies for the `` old '' writing standbys . I love my Cross for 50 + years and happy to find these cartridges & other `` writing '' supplies on-line .
 I was looking for paper with recycled content , and this stuff is quite good . I do n't really know what else to say about a product like this , but it 's good quality print/copy paper .
 Bought one of these phones , four years ago . Loved it so much , 2 years later , I bought 3 more of them for my other home . Plus bought 2 extra handsets since they all work in the same cradle . I 've never had problems with the batteries lasting , and while you have to get acclimated the `` talking caller-id '' sound * interpretation * , it still amazes me each time I hear it identifying the caller 's NAME , not just a number , in my basement . I can even walk down the street , -LRB- + / -240 feet -RRB- outside to my car , and get reception . At first I tried the Siemen 's talking caller-id model and hated it , very complex and not as many features . But this talking caller-id phone , while I do n't think they make the exact model now , is one of the finest phones I 've ever purchased . The sound quality is good on both the phone and speaker phone , it 's easy to program , and AGAIN , the talking caller-id function makes it great when you ca n't get to the phone quickly ; you know who 's calling and whether or not to rush to answer.ONE BIG DRAW BACK -- but perhaps it 's with my PC . Sometimes , when the phone rings , or I 'm actually talking and on a wireless network , I 'll get knocked off the Internet . I think this happens with most of the 2.4 GHz products?Otherwise , it 's a reliable , sturdy , dependable and has a long-lasting battery . It 's a VERY GOOD phone system .
 After 9 years one of the 5 phones I purchased finally broke . The mic on the phone no longer works . I will be replacing it with the same phone . Yes , you do have to change batteries every two years or so on the phones that are not used a lot . They tend to cook , like all rechargeable batteries if left charging . I love how you can intercom within the house also . Anyway i will buy a new/used one to replace the broken one . Nine years is a long time for a electronic device .
 It 's old technology but I needed one to complement my current system . Blended in just fine . Works as advertised .
 I would give this phone a five star if it only had a short antenna . However as far as function is concerned this is an excelent phone.It is one of the few phones with a back light for the key pad , and this is very handy as I am usually in a dim lit room watching T.V. or in bed when I want to dial . The sound and volume are great and the speaker phone is very good as well . This is a very well built phone and would recommend it to anyone . The Range of signal is very good as I can walk down the block with mine . The only thing I would recommend is to invest in the Energizer ER-P511 NiMH rechrgeable battery because the one it is shipped with will not hold a charge for more than two or three days .
 This vendor gave excellent service , the product is a very competitive buy , and is exactly as described . This phone works as expected .
 The Panasonic 5.8 telephone system is the best we 've ever had , and meets all our needs and expectaions .
 love the panasonic portable phone systems with multiple hang-off handsets ! this purchase was an upgrade from their 4-set model -LRB- which we have had for years -RRB- and this is just as good , with the added plus of 4 additional handsets available . easy to program and understand -LRB- barely need the book -RRB- and equipment is long-lived . the 4-set model -LRB- still in use -RRB- is 7 + years old and going strong . would have recommended 5 stars , but nothing is perfect -- this is just the closest we have ever found .
 Great !!!! Will definitely consider ordering other items on Amazaon . Again , many thanks . Very satisfied with my order .
 Excellent item to purchase for the base model . No telephone outlet needed to plug into and the range of reception is great .
 I agree with those who have had battery problems . I replaced all the original handset batteries with NiMH batteries about a year ago and have n't had any problems whatsoever since ! I used Energizer ER-P511 batteries that I bought at the local Best Buy . Panasonic makes NiMH batteries for this phone now as well , but they are not included with the new phones . I highly recommend anyone with this phone switch batteries ... major improvement !
 I 'm pretty impressed with the features that came with this phone.Favorite features :1 . Speaker phone2 . Ability to customize each handset 's phone directory3 . Ability to transfer phone numbers between phones4 . Quality of the calls5 . Range -LRB- Base is upstairs in the center of the house and I can walk around the yard and get good reception -RRB- .6 . Durability -LRB- Owned a pair of headsets for about 4 years . Survived a cross country move -RRB- 7 . Keeps a pretty long list of numbers that you have called or that have called you - nice if you do n't happen to have a scrap piece of paper around8 . Does n't interfere with my wifi -LRB- 802.11 g -RRB- networkQualms1 . Editing/deleting phone numbers not intuitive2 . I agree with everyone about what they say about the batteries - they suck . When they start to die , you get less speaking time before the `` Recharge batteries '' warning hits you . Then all of a sudden it does n't work . Occurs every 1-2 years -LRB- Ca n't remember for sure -RRB- but put new batteries in and they 're back to normalOverall , I 'm very happy with the phone and that 's why I 'm about to buy my third handset .
 We have about five of these extension handsets for Panasonic phones . The transmission quality is great , and the battery life is very good . However , we have found that the longevity of the handset is not as long as we 'd like . We 've replaced three within as many years
 I have owned the base unit and 1 remote unit for about 2 years . It is absolutely the best phone system I have ever owned . I wanted to add a third phone so I ordered this handset . As with everything else on this phone system , I plugged it in , it configured itself and I was off and running . However , the Panasonic batteries are terrible . When they fail they fail completely . Buy Eveready batteries and have them in the drawer so when the original batteries fail in about a year you are ready . I will buy good batteries to get this great phone system
 If you own an older Panasonic model KX-TG 5100 5.8 MHz phone , I highly recommend this item . Set up was a snap and the reception is fantastic . Other online retailers were asking 140.00 or more for this item . Kudos to Amazon for carring this item for a reasonable price !
 I have 5 of these phones that I bought a few years ago . All are operating fine . I live in an electomagnetic blackhole due to a nearby radio tower . In this environment I hear no static and the range still covers throughout the lot . The speaker phone is great - no echo for the far-end caller . The only complaint is the battery that originally came with each unit lasted about a year . I replaced the batteries with HHR-P402 and they I had no problems for the last 3 years .
 The NiCad battery that 's included with the handset did n't last for very long , but I replaced them with the NiMh HHR-P402 from Panasonic , which lasts and lasts . Note
 I 'm very impressed with the sound quality and feature set of this phone system . The battery that comes with the handset is n't the greatest and will need to be replaced after a couple of years , but the replacement third party NiMH are great ! Also , if you 're thinking about using VoIP , this type of phone is perfect since you only need the base unit near your broadband connection and the remote handsets can be anywhere .
 I have this product already and one unit 's display went blank so I purchased this replacement . I still like the phone very much . The only problem with my purchase was the belt clip I received with this purchase was brocken and unusable . Very disappointing . One of the older phone 's clip was also brocken . I would really like to have a usable clip sometime .
 It 's a good handset and works well with our VOIP setup - saved having to rewire the house . The range seems to be reasonably good - the base station is in the basement and easily covers the two main floors and yard outside . Quality is good . There are some minor niggles : - After a year , the battery life is poor and when low the handset will report that it ca n't connect to the base station . The replacement Energizer ER-P511 -LRB- hint - shop around for these as the price can vary from $ 4 to $ 12 -RRB- . seems to be good but time will tell - Could do with louder speaker -LRB- or amplifier -RRB- when using in speakerphone mode . - No Call Waiting indicator . - Would be nice to edit numbers recently called prior to redial . Maybe i 'm the only one who mis-dials the last digit and has to re-enter the whole number.Overall a good handset but not cheap . Certainly it 's not 3x as good as other 5.6 GHz systems which only cost $ 20 . I 'm just hoping they last longer .
 This phone is excellant . Clear , easy to use with all the features you need .
 The additional handset works great with the 2 yearold base station . The 1 button registration was too easy .
 The KX-TGA510M is a great phone for the home . It has an excellent range and clear sound . I use it all the time when I am working in the front or back yard and never get bad reception . I do wish it had some other features that are on other Panasonic phones , such as the light at the top of the antenna to let you know someone is calling when the ringer is off , or the voice ID . I do like this phone very much because it had the most extensions , which allowed me to put phones in all the important rooms such as the bedrooms , garage , kitchen , and family room . I would definitely recommend this phone to anyone thinking on purchasing this phone .
 This is one of four phones that we 've purchased . Excellent phone with excellent pricing . The intercom system built into the phone is the best .
 This is our third handset - we have them stationed throughoutthe house - Best portable phone we have ever hadMany `` easy '' functions -
 excellent service ... i had a hard time finding additional handsets for the master tel i purchased in 12/03 . shipping was right on time and quick . would deal with them again . .
 I got one a couple of these with the main base unit a year or two ago with amex points . Everything 's worked great , but I want to add a couple more handsets to the mix and they 're damned expensive ! $ 50 - $ 60 sounds like a lot more reasonable price for these . They 're also hard to find . It seems like panasonic did n't make them for long , and newer handsets wo n't work with my base phone AFAIK . I also replaced the batteries with Energizers and they still work great .
 First of all , this handset will not work alone . You must have the base unit , either the Panasonic KX-TG5100M or Panasonic KX-TG5110M 5.8 GHz DSS Expandable Cordless Phone . I have reviewed that phone elsewhere . This review is for this handset . We purchased this particular handset to go with the Panasonic KX-TG5110M . I knew that this handset had to be `` registered '' with the base phone . I thought that it would be complicated or that I would have to dig out the manual , whatever . Not at all . We charged the new handset . The instructions appeared in the LCD screen of the new handset , saying exactly how to register the handset . We followed the very simple instructions , it worked , and we were ready to go . We put the new handset in the basement . I was very happy with the whole deal , including the great price . Highly recommended .
 I have tried every cordless phones with my last batch -LRB- Siemens -RRB- being thrown away.GoodGreat soundGreat range , basement , front and back yard , no singal lossEasy setup , just plug in , generally I have had problems with this.BadHeavier than normal , but great battery lifeNo clock on the LCD ? , They get an F on this oneHave to delete each caller ID one-by-one , have n't read the manual might be an easier way.Overall , this is probably my favorite phone ever.I own one base unit with four cordless units .
 I have tried LOTS of phones for my home office recently ... this is THE BEST so far . There is absolutely no interference with my computer network ... the extension phones work great all over my home/office and all the features are easy to use and work flawlessly . Highly recommend ! Just ordered more supplemental handsets ! Thanks Panasonic !
 I have one base system and 4 additional headset in different rooms . We had no problem at all with the system inside or outside of the house -LRB- single level -RRB- . That covers around 20,000 sq ft area . Caller ID works great . Answering system is OK -LRB- we only use one in-box and did n't even bother with recording our own outgoing message -RRB- . No problem with 802.11 b/g wireless computer network . Works with filtered DSL telephone line . Handset substained multiple drops by the kids and myself on hardwood floor.Some minor things that I think can be better : - make the handset lighter - have a clock on the handset - have a mode that distribute the phone list to all the handset automatically . Right now I need to add a new number , then manually send the new phone list to each remote handset one at a time . - have more colorful handsets
 I bought a couple of these units to expand my KX-TG5100 base unit . Setup was a snap as was synchronizing phone books.The handsets are identical with the one that comes with the base unit . I 've found the speakerphone on the handsets to be a great feature . I also love the simplicity of the interface.The batteries that come with the units out of the box are terrible and could not hold a charge after six months ; however , I 've found that the Energizer ER-P511 is a great replacement battery for the Panasonic P-P511 that comes out of the box , and is fairly cheap at anywhere between 10 and 20 bucks.As for the class action suit , most of the phones listed are Panasonic 's 2.4 GHz models in the KX-TG22 through KX-TG27 range ; you 've probably seen these phones stacked up in droves at Costco or Walmart . I 've had my KX-TG5100 5.8 GHz unit for almost two years and have never had any problems with interference , contact loss or keypad failure .
 I agree with all the positive reviews . My wireless network is unaffected by these phones and having a speaker-phone built into the handsets just floored me . The only gotcha which I have n't seen mentioned is the way numbers are stored in the phones . The maximum number of digits is 32 which is n't enough when using my calling card . You ca n't use multiple memory locations to store everything either since once the phone is dialed the phonebook is n't accessible . It 's a nit but an annoying one on an otherwise fine phone .
 In general , I have found that whatever you can do from the base phone you can do at the handset also , including erasing all caller id at once , rather than one by one . This particular issue on how to erase either one or all the caller id 's is on page 33 of the manual . The manual can be found on Amazon.com 's web page for either of the base phones that are required for this handset .
 Have n't had any problems with this handset . It was easy to synchronize with the master phone , no interference problems with any of our other phones or electronic equipment and the range is great . It 's nice too that it only needs an electrical outlet , you do n't have to connect its charger to a phone line . The only reason I do n't give it 5 starts is because there is no mute option on the handset .
 If you experience low volume with the handset , it may pay to call Panasonic Tech Support because if you switch the line mode from `` B '' to `` A '' and do a complete recharge of the handset battery , you can improve the volume . I thought there was a defect with my first unit and I returned it for another unit which still had low volume on the handset despite all attempts to increase it . But after switching the line mode and doing a second complete handset battery recharge the volume has improved but still a little faint . It also seems very faint when operating my wireless and cable PC 's and TV in my home office , despite operating at 5.8 GHZ .
 I bought this phone to replace a 2.4 GHz phone that was interfering with my wireless network - and it works like a dream.I read the reviews below have some observations :1 -RRB- I have never had a problem with the LCD display .2 -RRB- If a call comes up on Caller ID with a `` 1 '' before it , you can easily delete the `` 1 '' and still retain the remaining 10 digits .3 -RRB- The battery life is not that great -LRB- the only drawback -RRB- and I did have to replace the battery a few months later -LRB- NOTE
 Overall , this is a pretty good phone , and does everything I want it to . It has decent sound and range ... but that 's what I expected . It has a couple of quirks that prevent it from getting a 5-star rating.First of all , if the answering machine has picked up , it does not know that another extension -LRB- in my case , a corded phone -RRB- has picked up , and does n't shut off . Real annoying , especially since it picks up on 3.5 rings -LRB- or 1.5 if there are messages -RRB- . A real pain since these phones are at opposite ends of the house . If I had known this before buying the phone , I would have opted for a seperate phone and answering machine.Secondly , it always adds a `` 1 '' and the area code to caller id numbers , even when it is a local call . As an added `` bonus '' if you just hit `` redial '' on one of these calls , it will go thru , and you will be charged for a `` local toll call '' . Third , deleting the `` missed calls '' list on the base does n't erase them from the handsets , and vice versa . Deleting the `` missed calls '' from the handset is not intuitive .
 I really like this phone , but there 's one very practical feature that it 's missing -- it does n't match incoming calls with the entries in your phonebook , so you ca n't always see who 's calling . This is especially a problem with cell phone calls . On my old phone -LRB- a Sony 2.4 that was interfering too much with our wireless computer network -RRB- , the number from the incoming call would be matched up with the entry in our phone book , so the caller ID would show something like `` John 's Cell Phone 212-123-4567 . '' On the Panasonic , however , the caller ID just shows the state where the incoming cell phone call is coming from -LRB- e.g. , `` New York '' 212-123-4567 -RRB- . The Panasonic never matches the incoming number with the entry in the phonebook . -LRB- This was confirmed by a call to Panasonic 's 1-800 customer service line -RRB- . On the other hand , everything else about this phone is great , and I agree with all the other reviews , so I guess we just have to live with the caller ID flaw . Plus , the only other 5.8 phone that I was really considering -- the Motorola MD671 -- apparently has the same problem , so there 's no need to switch . The Panasonic is still the best 5.8 phone on the market , as long as you recognize that it 's not perfect .
 I want to have this 5.8 GHz phone solely for avoiding interference with wi-fi -LRB- my wireless network -RRB- . Otherwise , i would just live with my prehistorical cordless phone , which has become completely useless since wi-fi -LRB- 802.11 g -RRB- is installed.So here is my initial impression after playing it :1 . Reception and sound clarity at the handset is near perfect , not affected by the wi-fi signal , even when the handset is less than 1 ' to the wireless router . The base is about 15m from the wireless router .2 . The wi-fi network is , however , affected by the 5.8 G . The interference cuts off my computer 's connection intermittently every 5 minutes , when my computer is kept about 15m from the router and 5m from the phone base -LRB- all indoor -RRB- . In addition , the computer is much slower detecting the wireless network . This is frustrating . But you may be able to adjust the computer setting to reduce the first problem , which I did and was successful . This may not be the fault of telephone .3 . The phone is solid , no plastic feeling . Everything seems to work within expectation .
 -LRB- also read the reviews for kx-tg5110m which is the same phone with a second handset in the box . -RRB- i am extremely satisfied with this phone . it does not interfere with my 802.11 b network which i have set to channel 6 . the 2.4 GHz phones kill the network.this phone has almost every feature imaginable as has been described in the other reviews . there 's only one major feature that is left out
 I really love this phone . Sound quality is excellent , and all features have finally been made simple and logical enough that they 're readily understandable in not much time . Clearing messages and caller IDs , used daily , is easier than * any * cordless phone I 've encountered . Using more advanced features like memorized numbers , etc. is also very simple.I personally love that it 's now possible -LRB- though not required -RRB- to enter and review a number before it 's actually dialed , much like most cell phones work . * Only * potential downside I 've discovered is that the screen on the handset can pick up dirt , etc. from anyone 's face , and needs to occasionally be wiped clean , though this is * very * minor.Great , polished , * very * well-engineered phone , unlike almost all other cordless things I 've encountered . I might simply suggest buying the version that comes with an additional handset -LRB- KX-TG5110 , rather than 5100 -RRB- that one can place elsewhere in the home if they 'd have need .
 My father recently bought this phone for home use . He has hearing aides , but can usually do pretty well hearing on phones in spite of this . When using the handsets , he of course turned the volume all the way up . He could hear the caller , but they were faint and he could n't understand what they were saying . So I came amazon.com to look to see if others were having similar issues and try to find advise . -LRB- Also , tried Panasonic customer support . Unfortunately , got no assistance there . -RRB- I appreciated all of the reviews written here . Many reviews are especially thorough and some even mentioned it would be helpful if the handsets could be turned even louder in volume . It was good to know that at least my father was n't alone . -LRB- Keeping in mind he already does have hearing aides . -RRB- : -RRB- An odd , but interesting , thing my father did to address the inability of the handset volume to be turned up any more than it can be
 This phone is excellent in every way . I totally disagree with the handful of reviewers who complain about low volume on the handsets . I 'm prone to believe they have competition from screaming kids and a loud television , or hereto unrecognized hearing loss . There are 3 volume settings -LRB- low , medium , high -RRB- . I can hear my callers perfectly on the low setting , but I generally keep it on medium to overcome background music and other white noise in my household . I 've never needed the high setting or the boost -- not even when my ears were plugged from the flu , and not even when I walk my dog all the way around the block . I have one caller for whom I even turn the volume down to low -LRB- we 've all got at least one friend with a booming , rock-the-walls , you-don ` t-have-to-yell voice , right ? -RRB- . All the other reviewers ' remarks about the phone 's assets are true , so I wo n't bother to reiterate them . It 's the best phone on the market , especially if you need 5.8 GHz to avoid interference with your computer wireless 802.11 network -LRB- which is 2.4 GHz -RRB- , or if you need the extended range & clarity it offers over 2.4 GHz . Finally , as a matter of personal taste , I prefer the sleek , cool , trendy styling , and small footprint of this machine over any others I examined .
 The phone works great , although the headset volume could be a little `` hotter . '' I do n't program # 's in the phone or base station , so I ca n't comment there . The answering machine works fine and sounds good . The handset and base station speakers are acceptable for talking to friends and family , but I would n't hold a work conference call on either if I could avoid it . My house is on a 1 acre lot and the handset maintains clear communication anywhere on my property.As mentioned in other reviews , the handset batteries are horrible , but they can be easily replaced with ER-P511 NiMH from Energizer . I 've been unable to run that battery down . If the batteries from Panasonic were worth anything , I 'd have given the phone 5 stars .
 I have used this phone for the last 6 months and have no problems with it . The reception is clear and range is quite good . The speakephone on the handset is very usefull . The only problem is that the speaker volume can be a little low at time .
 everything on this phone system is fantastic . I had initial bought the similar 5.8 ghz Uniden system but returned it to get this one . Much better.I just find it hard to believe that a product of this quality and price comes with Ni Cad batteries . Surely Panasonic could use NiMH or Lithium Ion battery.Still very worth it and I have just ordered a third handset .
 I had the KX-TG2740S before I purchased this phone and I was not happy with it -LRB- see my review there -RRB- , primarily because of the interference with other 2.4 GHz devices.The KX-TG5100M has been a perfect replacement so far . I have no more , or very little , interference with the 2.4 GHz wireless video receiver and no noticeable problems with the wireless LAN . The video receiver and the access point are both in the same room as the base station . I have 4 handsets and love the room monitor , the intercom and other features . I can plug in a headset and go outside to mow the lawn while my 2 year-old takes his nap , something I was never able to do with a regular baby monitor.The range is great - I still get good reception in my neighbor 's garage down the street , a good 300 feet away.I did not experience any of the battery problems that other reviewers describe , with either system.Overall , I think this is a very good phone - if you do n't have 2 phone lines .
 The phone arrived when promised . The set-up was easy . I replaced a phone I had for many years that is no longer available . Besides losing a few features , it was a good match .
 I 've owned the KX-TG5100M for three years now with a total of four handsets . Sure , I had to replace the original batteries after the first year -LRB- $ 70 for four NiMhs from Panasonic -RRB- , but otherwise I 've had no other problem with it . I 've used the intercom feature on it a lot to talk to family members on different floors , and we 've even used one of the handsets in a `` baby monitor '' fashion -LRB- while in the charging cradle even ! -RRB- with out any problems . My only disappointments are , that the base unit 's speaker phone has no mute function and that the handset 's speaker phone function wo n't work while it 's sitting in the charging cradle . Having skimmed most of the previous reviews , my comments are
 I bought this phone used , on eBay , about 21/2 years ago . I did a lot of reading before I bought it and found that there is a known issue with battery life of the handsets . For everyone that has mentioned battery life , there is a solution.When I bought the phone , the station with 2 handsets was $ 60 on eBay . I immediately ordered 2 Energizer ER-P511 NiMH batteries to replace the Panasonic throw aways . I had the battery life problem with my previous Panasonic phone set , but , this set never dies ! My family has talked for hours on a single charge and left the handset in a few interesting places , only to be found again with the paging system and plenty of battery life . At 2 hours of talk time , it still shows two bars.The voice quality is not the best , but , it 's not bad either . I use Vonage and no one can tell that I 'm not on a traditional line . It 's definately better than any of the 2.4 GHz phones out there.The range is more than I need so I ca n't complain about it . I can go to the corner of my back yard on the opposite side of the house from the base station and experience minimal static . I 've gone so far as to walk to the end of our street -LRB- a cul de sac -RRB- and still had enough coverage to carry a conversation , although it was a weak signal at that point.Overall , I would have given the phone 5 stars if I did n't have to provide my own batteries to make it useable .
 I have bought 3 phones in 3 years and this is far the best , I have thrown out the others . We bought 3 other compatible remote handsets for the rest of the house - the whole system works great . We can now understand the messages on the answering machine , the functions are great , the reception is flawless and the handset speaker-phones are great . Being able to listen to the messages from any handset is one of the best features .
 The phone is new and I 've only tested about 2/3 of its capability . I had one other Panasonic -LRB- 2.4 GHz -RRB- phone for a week and returned it because of poor performance . The answering machine sounded bad and the sound quality during a phone call was terrible . This phone has excellent call sound quality and the answering machine sound quality is acceptable . The phone is not perfect , but I believe it is near the top of the heap for the phones that are currently out there . You wo n't be disappointed .
 This is the finest cordless telephone that I have ever used . The voice quality is as good as the best corded phones . Very thoughtful features , although somewhat complicated to use . We find the the room monitor feature makes an excellent baby monitor . The handsets have good heft to them , and appear to be quite durable .
 I want to echo all the great things said about this phone . I had a Panasonic 2.4 GHz phone that crapped out on me , so I was a little sour on Panasonic , but I 'm glad I bought this phone.Works great with my 802.11 a and b network , and one thing I did not see in the reviews was mention of the speakerphone on the handset ! That is one of the coolest features I 've had on a phone . So useful when dialing those customer service numbers `` press 1 , press 8 , blah blah blah '' , and very useful when talking on the phone and our baby wants to be held.I 've only had it for a month , but so far I 'm impressed .
 My wife purchased this product from eBay last December , when it arrived I set it up according to the instructions , let it charge for the requisite 6 hours and about an hour after I used it for the first time , the handset screen died . About an hour later the auxiliary screen died as well and finally the screen died on the base about 15 minutes later . I called Panasonic for assistance and was disconnected twice from the 800 # before I finally managed to stay connected and spoke to a tech , who insisted that it must have been a power surge and the unit was going to have to be replaced.The unit was still under warranty , even though we were not the original purchasers . We got all the information required and sent it along with the unit to the ` regional ' repair place that was designated and waited . And waited for over a month . I finally placed a call to the repair place and was informed that they had been unable to fix it and had shipped it to the main Panasonic repair depot in Texas , who , when I called there insisted they had not received it . I called the first place back to tell them that , they were adamant that they had sent it , and gave me a tracking number to give to the depot . I suggested that they might want to handle this internally , since I was starting to have to call toll numbers in order to contact these places , and it was starting to wear on my nerves.My wife suggested that we send a letter to the President of Panasonic , hoping that if we lit a fire under them there , our phone would be found . No such luck . 6 months went by , there was one more phone call from the people at the regional repair center , asking if we had gotten the phone back , when I informed them that we had n't , the woman on the other end said that she would `` do something '' and hung up . Another 2 months went by when I received in the mail a letter from the President 's assistant asking if I had either received the phone as was satisfactorily pleased , or if I had any more information about the phone to give them , so they could close the matter interally . I called the woman at the number she gave me and told her in no certain terms that I was EXTREMELY disappointed with my experience with her company and that I had n't either received the phone or any word about what had happened to it . The next day there was a package on the doorstep . It was a replacement phone ... same model . I called the woman back and asked for an explanation . She said that the outfit in Texas had only just `` found '' the phone on the other side of the warehouse -LRB- in another plane of existence no doubt -RRB- and had shipped me a refurbished model.This afternoon the phone stopped working in spectacular fashion . The base is flashing like a christmas tree and there 's a message on the screen that says `` System Error # 9 '' , of which I can find no reference in the owner 's manual and when I called the customer service line , I was disconnected TWICE so far.I am livid , this is ridiculous . If I could give a NO stars rating , I would , since a negative rating is also unavailable.At this point I 'm going to email the woman that had contacted me the last time , I made sure to get her email address so that I did n't have to call her on my dime for satisfaction . IF you 're considering buying Panasonic , think twice . You were warned.Update
 There are very few expandable phone systems that work as well as the Panasonic KXTG5100 . I was looking for a 5.8 Ghz system to get around the static I experienced with 2.4 ghz phones and my Wi-Fi -LRB- 802.11 b -RRB- home network.In no particular order , here are my pros and cons about this system : PROS :1 -RRB- Excellent speakerphone on the base2 -RRB- Ability to pickup voicemail from any handset -LRB- do n't have to walk to the base-station to see if you have voicemail -RRB- . Handset visually tells you which buttons to push to skip or repeat the message . It also shows the message # while the message is being played back .3 -RRB- Handsets have Privacy features to prevent other family members from accidentally picking up the line while you 're on it -LRB- handy if you run a business out of your home . . or you are a teenager and do n't appreciate your parents listening in -RRB- 4 -RRB- Speakerphone on each handset means mobility and hands free talking5 -RRB- Each handset shows if the line is in use before you reach for it6 -RRB- Ability to copy the phonebook from any handset to any other handset . This is a huge timesaver ! I have all my phone number/contacts programmed on one handset . From there I can transfer the phonebook to each of the other 3 handsets in the house with a few key strokes . Amazing ! 7 -RRB- Bi-directional 5.8 Ghz means that no interference with home networks , microwaves , etc. . The base-station sits two feet away from the wifi router . No static anywhere in the house .8 -RRB- Easy to transfer calls from handset to handset -LRB- say you pick up the call and realize it 's for your spouse . No need to walk around looking for him/her . Just page the other handsets from your handset and hand-off the call . All we need now is some hold music ! -LRB- which , incidentally , is not supported -RRB- 9 -RRB- Handset has a `` booster '' feature that can be turned on to get rid of static if you have walked more than 3 floors away from the base-station . Works nicely too . Too bad it ca n't be left on all the time .10 -RRB- Room monitor system allows you to listen in on what 's going on in the room that the handset is in from a different handset . I suppose that parents with small children might find this a nice feature . Fortunately , it 's turned off by default .11 -RRB- When playing back a voicemail , the handset shows the phone number of the person who left that voicemail -LRB- if you have caller id -RRB- . You can then call that person back immediately , by pressing Dial . Very handy12 -RRB- If you transfer a call to another handset and nobody picks up that handset , the base-station will conveniently transfer the call back to youCONS :1 -RRB- Handset distance from the base-station could be better . I picked up a little static when I was three floors away from the base-station . The static is easily removed by engaging the booster mode on the handset . Unfortunately , there is no way to leave this permanently set to on .2 -RRB- Handsets may be a bit larger than what home users may be used to3 -RRB- Handsets do n't show current date or time -LRB- odd , since the base-station shows both -RRB- 4 -RRB- Handset volume could be a bit louder . It has a nice volume range that you can change but the max volume is still a bit lower than what you need for noisy homes -LRB- either that or I 'm losing my hearing -RRB- 5 -RRB- The base-station can page all handsets simultaneously . This is useful if you need to page your spouse/kids and do n't know which floor of the house they are on . Mysteriously , this feature is not available with the handsets . When using a handset , you have to page other handsets individually -- no way to page them all together . I have 4 handsets in the house ... this is getting old very fast . Fortunately , the base-station sits near my work area .6 -RRB- No way to give each handset a meaningful name -LRB- `` bedroom phone '' -RRB- . Instead , each handset has a unique registration number -LRB- 1 through 7 -RRB- . When I need to page my wife on the third floor , I have to remember that the handset on the third floor is registered with the base-station as handset # 4 . Not very intuitive.Lastly , no phone with this many features would be useable without a good manual . This phone comes with a manual that is well indexed . You can download the manual in a PDF format from panasonic 's website if you want to go over the features yourself .
 I bought and tried three different 5.8 GHZ phones available on the market ... Uniden , VTech , and the Panasonic . The following is what I found : UnidenThe Uniden looks good , but only performs decently . The handset is a bit big and clunky , and fairly heavy too . The worse feature of the phone is the ear piece . It sounds very tinny and not really that impressive for a phone of this quality and price . It 's like talking to someone with a tin can up to your ear ... all treble and no bass ... does n't sound natural . Probably the worse sounding ear piece I 've ever heard on a phone.VTechFirst of all , it does n't truly utilize 5.8 GHZ technology ... it 's 2.4 one way and 5.8 the other ... so this still can cause problems with outside interference and computer networks . The phone performs fairly well , but there was nothing that special about it 's performance or features . A 2.4 GHZ phone for more than $ 50 less would perform the same.PanasonicWOW ! BY FAR THE BEST PHONE ON THE MARKET . I honestly found no flaws with this phone . Great range -LRB- further than the other two -RRB- , never experienced static once , great sound and clarity from the ear piece , really nice answering machine and caller id features , very clear displays , . . the lists goes on . Just an all around great phone . I 'm glad I tested them all out to see what was the best bang for my buck ... the Panasonic 5.8 GHZ phone blows the other 5.8 ghz phones out of the water ... it 's not even close . If I had n't tried them all , I may have been satisified with the other 2 , but having tried the Panasonic , I would n't even consider the Uniden or VTech phones ... they are mediocre in comparison to the Pansonic ... yet cost the same price.Go with the Panasonic ... I love it . Best phone I 've ever owned .
 I 've been reading reviews of various cordless phone/answering machine combinations here for several months . I 've been very unhappy with my old Sony 900 MHz unit for various reasons , yet each new machine that I contemplated buying had quite a few reviewers who found it unsatisfactory . In looking for a new machine I needed a true 5.8 GHz phone that would n't interfere with my wi-fi network . Some of the 5.8 phones on the market are deceptive in this regard , using the 2.4 GHz frequency one-way . My other main concern was the audio quality of the answering machine . The Sony I 've replaced failed to pick up the voices of callers who spoke a little softly . The first thing I did when I set this phone up was to call and weakly mumble a message . It passed the test . Frankly , I think the audio is not as good as the old machines that used cassette tapes , but I 'm not likely to find one of those for sale outside Ebay.The Panasonic 5100 has a nice array of features that should meet the needs of most customers and it 's attractively designed . I will soon be ordering a couple of extra handsets for it . The manual is designed well enough to make the phone 's advanced features accessible to any user who will take a little time to study it .
 Overall , this is an outstanding telephone system . I purchased the base unit kx-tg5100M and one additional handset kx-tga510M back in June to replace a Sony 900MHz cordless that had chronic battery life problems.Unfortunately I just had to write Panasonic customer service as within the last couple of weeks one of the handsets has started to exhibit an LCD that is barely readable -LRB- sometimes fair , sometimes not at all -RRB- . The unit is fully charged and I have adjusted contrast , with only marginal effect . The other handset is still performing normally . The units are covered by a 1-year warranty so I 'm not expecting any issues with customer service.Aside from this as I mentioned , the phone is great ! My highlights ... Pros : - Great sound quality throughout the house and around our suburban 1/3 acre lot-No interference with wireless network or other householdCons : - LCD issue as mentioned above-Lack of Caller ID to programmed number matching on incomming calls-My base unit speakerphone performance does not appear to measure up to that of other reviewers , I would rate the speakerphone as average to slightly below average , would be great if Panasonic would offer a configuration with a corded handset in the base as well-Ability to copy phone numbers from base-handset , handset-base or handset-handset is great except that in my experience it is a copy only with no over-write capability . This is an issue in the case where I maintain the phonebook at the base unit and want to publish out to the handsets . If you delete a number from the base and then copy to a handset , the deleted number still exists on the handset . Short of pulling the battery and starting over -LRB- re-register , etc. . . -RRB- with the handset , I ca n't find a way of erasing all of the phonebook entries in a handset.My -LRB- mostly minor -RRB- gripes aside , this is still a great telephone system . I feel that it still merits 4-stars .
 I wrote some tips based on problems noted in other reviews as well as some items that surprised me after I got the telephone home . We had a nice telephone before , but this one has several features that we had not seen before . Here are some items , followed by the page number in the manual for further reference . I noticed that the manual is available on the product page . If any of these items seems very important , then I suggest you check the manual for more details.SETUP = > Although you can connect 8 handsets total , only four can be used as once . -LRB- page 24 -RRB- = > The privacy button , when pressed , prevents others from joining the conversation on any of the extensions to this telephone . -LRB- page 45 -RRB- = > You can copy all the items in the phone book to another unit . -LRB- page 38-39 -RRB- MESSAGES = > If someone calls and wants to leave a message after you have answered , you can transfer them to a mailbox . -LRB- page 57 -RRB- = > You can check messages from the handset . -LRB- page 54 -RRB- = > You can erase all messages or just one . -LRB- page 56 -RRB- = > The light only blinks for new messages , not for all new calls . If you received calls , it says `` received calls '' on the LCD screen . The blinking light issue for all new calls was the only thing that we hated about our last Panasonic phone . I could n't find where it talked about this in the manual , but I tested it several times . = > There 's only one thing about the telephone that did n't make sense . There 's a button right next to the blinking light that lets you know that you have a new message . That made me think that was the button to push to play back messages . Wrong ! That button turns the answering machine on and off , that 's all . To play back a message press the number of the mailbox , 1 , 2 or 3 . -LRB- page 53 -RRB- = > You can set the playback speed to slow playback ... nice for writing down telephone numbers . -LRB- page 55 -RRB- = > Stored messages are not affected by power failures . Messages are saved until erased . We lost our power for five days due to weather . When the power came back on , our messages were still there . -LRB- page 22 -RRB- CALLER ID = > It 's very easy to erase all the items in the Caller ID list or just one . -LRB- page 33 -RRB- = > If you subscribe to Caller ID , the date and time are set automatically through the Caller ID information service after the first telephone ring . I unplugged the phone , this worked . The manual does warn that the time might be wrong after a power outage , but we have not had problems with that . -LRB- page 17 -RRB- MAILBOXES = > We do n't use the multiple mailboxes and had some concern about that . As it turns out , that does n't matter , the calls automatically go into mailbox one and we just do n't use the others . -LRB- page 50 -RRB- = > You can password mailboxes 2 and 3 to prevent anyone else from accessing the messages . -LRB- page 51 -RRB- GENERAL COMMENTS : There are several other features that we do n't use , like the monitor function . I tested it , though , and it seems to work ok . When you call the other phone to monitor , it does n't ring , but the monitored handset does say `` room monitor '' on the LCD screen.The handset is longer than my old handset . So if I hold the telephone with the mouthpiece lined up like I 'm used to , then the sound is faint . But if I line up the earpiece with my ear , then I can hear fine . Until I did that , I thought the volume was too faint . It felt a little awkward until I got used to it.The manual is straightforward , complete , and easy to follow . There is a good list of troubleshooting errors that refers you to a page . Great index . The one thing that I do n't like is that some of the methods to complete functions are slightly different on the base than on the handset . I basically only use the handset , so that has not been a big deal.I bought this telephone because I have a wireless headphone that uses the 2.4 ghz frequency . I wanted to be able to use the headset while others were talking on the telephone . For that , it works great . We owned another Panasonic telephone . This one is much easier to use . I like this telephone quite well and highly recommend it .
 I had the KX-TG2740S before I purchased this phone and I was not happy with it -LRB- see my review there -RRB- , primarily because of the interference with other 2.4 GHz devices.The KX-TG5100M has been a perfect replacement so far . I have no more , or very little , interference with the 2.4 GHz wireless video receiver and no noticeable problems with the wireless LAN . The video receiver and the access point are both in the same room as the base station . I have 4 handsets and love the room monitor , the intercom and other features . I can plug in a headset and go outside to mow the lawn while my 2 year-old takes his nap , something I was never able to do with a regular baby monitor.The range is great - I still get good reception in my neighbor 's garage down the street , a good 300 feet away.I did not experience any of the battery problems that other reviewers describe , with either system.Overall , I think this is a very good phone - if you do n't have 2 phone lines .
 I 've been using this phone for about 2 years now ... And have been fuming about the cheap nickel cadmium battery for about that amount of time as well!When I purchased it , this was Panasonic 's top-of-the-line phone . So naturally , I just assumed that they had used a Nickel hydride battery - like my last Panasonic phone
 After reading many , many reviews on phones I decided to purchase the Panasonic KX-TG5100M and two additional handsets . I too thought that the volume was low , then realized that the earpiece on the phone is placed very high on the handset . Once I repositioned the handset on my ear , the volume was perfect . Unfortunately , positioning the phone so that the earpiece is where it should be by design is a little awkward ; the top of the phone sits very low on the ear -LRB- unlike most phones , which cover the ear almost entirely -RRB- . If you are one who has a habit of holding phones between your ear and your shoulder to get both hands free , this phone will slip out incessantly.As for interference with other devices , most devices operate on the following frequencies :900 MHz
 I 'm very pleased with this phone , in fact I just ordered two additional handsets . I work at home a lot , and I needed a high quality speakerphone -LRB- with a mute button for teleconferences !! -RRB- that would n't interfere with my home -LRB- 802.11 b -RRB- wireless setup ... this phone fits the bill as it uses the 5.8 GHz band for * both * sending and receiving -LRB- unlike other `` 5.8 '' phones on the market -RRB- . Rather than repeating details already covered in the reviews below , I 'll address a couple of topics from the reviews ithat caused me to think twice about purchasing the phone when I first read them.The handset volume issue
 Good value chairs . Little tricky to assemble but not too tricky . Price can not be beat . Let 's see how long they last .
 I got mine from Ritz Camera sold through Amazon for $ 31 . Its been years since school days and the sometimes not so sharp guillotine cast iron cutters.This cutter has a large base but being plastic is light but very sturdy . I 've used it for standard sheets , matte , photo , tissue , and cardboard . Although a short time owner , it cuts everything I need it for . The most I cut is 5 sheets of light weight matte but I 'm sure it will handle several more . Remember to hold down the plastic tabs before you cut and standing works best for me.I wanted straight clean cuts , built to last , and have no need for large quantity . I read reviews and I think this cutter is the best bang for the buck.R Elliott
 I love this cutter !!!! I 've had my cutter for more than a year now . I like to make books and need to be able to cut mat board from time to time . I did n't want to have to keep going to my local Hobby Lobby to have them cut this for me every time I needed a particular size . Now , I just go to Hobby Lobby pick out a 32 `` x40 '' sheet of mat board and have them cut them into 12x12 pieces for me -LRB- and they give me the odd pieces if I ask for them -RRB- . I have all the mat board I need for quite a while . I go from paper to mat board back to cutting paper again . I use the grid lines to line up my major cuts . It would be nice if it had a ruler at the bottom . But , I am very pleased with it . I would n't trade it for the world ! Clean , crisp , straight cuts every time . Still as sharp as the day I first bought it .
 THIS IS A GREAT BUY ON THIS CUTTER . THE INFORMATION THAT WAS GIVEN ON THIS PRODUCT HELPED ME DECIDE THAT THIS WAS THE ONE FOR ME . I HAVE BEEN VERY SATISFIED WITH IT . SHIPPED PROMPTLY AND WAS IN EXCELLANT CONDITION . JUST WHAT I NEEDED AND WAS LOOKING FOR .
 I am quite satisfied with the Tonic 12x12 paper cutter . The blade is sharp and I like the size . The only complaint I have is the measuring guide/ruler at the top is not real easy to use . It would also be helpful if there was a ruler on the bottom of the cutter to help align the paper .
 This paper cutter is fantastic . Cuts clean and straight , and straight is wonderful , after using my old one for 5 years . I recommend it highly !
 I love this paper cutter . I use industrial strength paper cutters at work . This one obviously is n't that professional strength but for my hobbies such as making large quantities of cards , this works great!I 'd highly recommend it . The blade is wonderfully sharp and will shave off just millimeters .
 I love how it shows you in `` type '' format what exactly you are typing into the calculator . That way , if I lost track of where I was in my checkbook , I would take a look at the last two entries and figure out where I was . And I have to say TI is all I 've ever used since high school ... It 's good and dependable . If I had n't lost the previous one , I would have continued to use it til it died -LRB- not likely in the near future -RRB- or broke .
 I bought two of these stools for my boys , and am very satisfied with them . They are very sturdy , and made of a hard wood ; I installed screw-in non-skid rubber feet on them , and the drilling process proved the density of the wood . The stools are very attractive as well , clean in appearance , with no knots or mars . I highly recommend these stools !
 A very well made product and holds up to any weight you can carry to place over your head . It 's also very stable with a wide stance and will not scoot when you climb on it . A plus when you get older .
 I bought this step stool to place in the bathroom so my son could wash his hands solo . Most of the toddler step stools I looked at were 2-step-style step stools with a narrow step at the top . My worry with those was that he 'd lose balance and fall over hurting himself . The little plastic with rubber-gripping stools were either flimsy or too low for him and I did n't see how they 'd last very long . This stool is heavy so my son is not going to be dragging it around the house . It has great dimensions overall and is strong and sturdy enough to support me if I need to reach something on a high shelf .
 Very high quality and great value for the price -LRB- $ 15 + shipping -RRB- . I bought it for my almost 4-year-old , to help her wash her hands and brush her teeth by herself . Even my older girls use it to see in the mirror better . We 'd needed a stool like this for a long time , but I could never find one I liked . I generally like traditional decor , so plastic was out . This is maybe a little more on the modern side , but the wood construction and shape appealed to me . The grab-slot in the top of it is really nice . It 's easy enough for my daughter to scoot , but heavy enough that she does n't drag it all over the house . The only thing I 'd recommend adding is some felt pads for the feet , if you have a floor that might scuff . I believe this item will last a very long time , and it 's attractive enough that I wo n't want to get rid of it as soon as the kids have grown tall enough to reach the sink !
 I am short - just 5 ' 2 '' and I need a stool all the time in the kitchen , when cleaning the house , and for many , many more reasons . A friend had a stool just like this one but I could n't find it anywhere . I went to Amazon.com - and there it was . It is PERFECT - not too big and bulky , but very , very sturdy . I use it constantly and wonder how I ever `` lived '' without it . One of my best purchases ever !!!
 I bought two of these stools to keep in the bathroom for my kids , ages four and one . They 're just the right height to get them up to the sink to brush their teeth and wash their hands . They 're made very well , are very solid and sturdy . My kids can flip them over intentionally with their hands , but there 's no way for them to flip while they 're standing on them . I think these will last a long time !
 Very sturdy for the weight . The carrying handle in the top is handy . In addition to a low step stool , I use 2 of them during weight training to set my dumbells on between squat sets .
 These stools are taller than the standard children 's footstool which makes them the perfect height for my kids -LRB- ages 3 and 5 -RRB- to be able to wash their hands at the sink by themselves . They are very sturdy and worth the money .
 We need something in each of our bathrooms for our littlest one to help him brush teeth , etc. . I am sick to death of the plastic Rubbermaid-style stools ; how much cheap plastic crap CAN you have in a house ? Even though they 're light and easy for little guys to handle , the plastic ones look cheesy . This is VERY heavy , which is a drawback , but not enough of a drawback in my mind to knock it down a star . Our youngest is 4 ; I do n't think a 2-year-old could handle the weight without routinely banging a toe or something . But it fits nicely between the toilet and wall ; fits nicely between the two chrome pedestal legs of one of our sinks ; and looks WAY better than any of the plastic ones . So , its points are chiefly for compact size ; classic looks ; good height -LRB- low enough to step up onto but high enough to let a little guy see himself in the mirror -RRB- , and stable leg spread -LRB- no tipping -RRB- . Just super-heavy .
 I bought this stool back in 2003 & it 's the perfect size & height for those upper kitchen cabinets . The slot in the middle makes it a cinch to pick up & move across the room or across the house . I 've received so many compliments on it from other shorties in my family that I 've since given it as a gift to 3 others .
 I had a very similar one that lasted for over 15 years and I needed a new one . This stool is very well made and looks great . My son likes the stool because he can stand on it safely and reach higher . Beautiful workmanship .
 The stool is very sturdy and made of very nice wood ... it is unfinished and well sanded which was fine because I am decorative painting it and will seal it when I am done . I am painting it to match my master bathroom . If you need a nice step stool do not hesitate !!
 I purchased 3 of these and use them all over the house daily . They are sturdy for standing or sitting and the cutout handle makes them easy to carry . I keep one in my closet for reaching the top shelf , one in the garage for reaching or to carry out in the yard to sit on while weeding , and one near the kitchen for any number of uses .
 Great Kitchen Stool , for us height chalanged people . Easy to grab and take to any room where needed . Sturdy .
 I am a woman of average height -LRB- around 5 foot 4 inches -RRB- and yet for some reason , kitchen cupboards are made to accommodate 6 foot tall men instead . Therefore , if I 'm ever going to use the shelves of my cupboards other than the bottom , a step stool is a must . I already had one of these , bought from some catalog years ago , so I wanted another just like it . This one filled the bill . Wood rather than plastic gives it a good weight and keeps it from skidding , and the wood item is much sturdier than plastic ones . Also , the design of the one-piece step stool rather than a `` folding ladder '' makes it easier for me to reach the cupboard without having to lean or turn , and I have had some bad past experiences with small ladders breaking while I 'm on them -LRB- and I 'm average weight as well -RRB- . Unlike the stools on rollers , it does n't have rubber parts to mark up your floors and does n't feel initially unsteady when you step up on it . It 's also nicely finished and pretty to look at . This little stool can also double as a little seat for a child or for me when I am doing something on the floor -LRB- grooming a pet , playing with a small child , crafts on a spread-out newspaper , etc. -RRB- This is everything a step stool should be in my mind , a classic design that ca n't be improved upon.My only complaint is that this thing is evidently assembled with the top piece wrapped in some kind of protective cellophane , which is not removed before assembly , and the cello wrap is very hard to get off when legs are screwed into it -LRB- unless you want to take the whole item apart with a screwdriver , remove the wrap , and reassemble it , which I did n't -RRB- . For that reason , if I buy another of these , I will buy the same design , but from a different company that hopefully will not have this wrapping issue . The last one I bought from a catalog did n't have any wrapping on it . This time , I had to cut the wrap off piece by piece with a knife from around the four leg connections and it was a real pain to do .
 Very nice and neat . I 'm using mine to elevate plants off the floor . These look much nicer than those rubbermaid stools .
 We have had 2 of these stools for about 5 years or so ... originally bought for my son to reach the sink and to use at his play table . They have become essential as step stools for adult tasks too . We are not lightweight people and they handle out weight well . They are sturdy beyond belief . Well worth the cash ... a great product . They look great too .
 These stools are great . I have seen cheaper ones at Big Lots and Tuesday Morning but they are not as heavy and well made as these . Well worth the extra $ . I keep one in the bottom of the pantry and one in the closets , just the thing for reaching the top shelf without having to carry a step ladder around .
 This little wooden step is well-made , attractive and it seems that every household should have one . Plastic step stools have to be stored out of sight but this cute step stool can work as furniture too . When it arrived in the mail , a thick , plastic , protective film was on the inside screwed in place . I had to unscrew all of the legs in order to remove it . Reattaching the legs was not easy . I think that this was an error with the packaging staff .
 I have a standing desk , and I needed a stool for lifting one foot while I work . This nifty little stool works great . It 's sturdy , attractive , and just the right height .
 I had previously bought this product in a store and wanted a duplicate . My purchase through Amazon was exactly what I had hoped . I am perfectly pleased with my new stool .
 It 's a great solid stool . It was easy to spraypaint . I did not like the clear plastic packaging that came with shipping as it became stuck on the underside of the stool and inhibited painting because it was difficult to remove completely .
 Well made and very sturdy . Delivery could be a little faster though .
 This is the paper I use for my cards , calendars or anything I need a little thicker paper . Have been using it fr several years and plan to continue .
 This is a great product for product flyers printed on my Epson R800 printer . Product used to be carried by major office supply chain , but they discontinued it and now I have to buy through Amazon , which has been more than satisfactory .
 I think this is the best paper to use for clarity in printing material with pictures . You get nice crisp colors . I have n't found any I like more then this product.try it , you will be sold it is wonderful .
 I recieved this clock/telephone in about a week . I have no complaints ! Works great so far . I have been using it for about 1 month . I would recommend it !
 We received our clock radios promptly and they are exactly what we wanted and what was displayed . We could n't be happier . We shopped around town but no one had what we wanted . We decided to check online and found it without any trouble . I would do it again .
 Love the radio/alarm/phone combo -- awake to music not the noisy alrarm but WISH THE TIME DISPLAY WINDOW was a little more upright to make it easier to read when lying down.Nice to sneak in a few snooze button hits before getting up but dificult to know when it 's REALLY time to rise !
 I bought this clock radio/telephone for my 87 year old mom . She does n't have caller ID or call waiting , so it is perfect for her ! Phone quality has been fine and it 's been working great !
 It was exactly what I wanted and needed and fits in a much smaller space that the old one I had .
 This is a good alarm clock/radio/phone for the bedroom . Easy to install and easy to set the time and the alarm . Phone sounds a little echoey but does the job . The only thing I wish it had was the caller id feature .
 I recently purchased this unit after looking for a replacement for my 15-year old Panasonic telephone-alarm-clock-radio . Strangely , there do n't seem to be many of these multi-function units out there anymore . Having read reviews on several GE models and others , I was not encouraged . Eventually I came upon this Northwest Bell unit which was very reasonably-priced and seemed to have all the features I was looking for.Having used this unit for a couple of weeks now , I can say that I 'm very happy with the purchase . The unit is very attractive and compact , perfect for a bedroom night-table . I was especially surprised by the remarkably good radio reception -LRB- which probably owes to a small antenna wire on the back of the unit -RRB- . I have only two minor quibbles with the unit
 I purchased this alarm clock/radio/phone after sending another brand back to the store where I purchased it . I like this one much better because it has all of the features that I wanted . The display is easy to read and the phone keypad is easy to see and operate . -LRB- I have some problems with my vision -RRB- . Also , the radio dial is easy to see . I am not crazy about the shape of the phone , it takes up a bit too much space on a small nightstand , also the off/on buttons are in an awkward place . Overall , I am satisfied with this phone and think that it is fairly priced .
 WAS LOOKING FOR A PHONE/CLOCK TO SAVE SPACE ON MY NIGHT TABLE . WORKS GREAT AND EXPECTED NOT TO HAVE CERTAIN FEATURES SINCE I READ OTHER REVIEWS FIRST . NO VOLUME SWITCH ON RINGER , JUST ON AND OFF ALSO NUMBERS ON CLOCK HARD TO SEE WHEN LIGHT IS ON . OTHERWISE I AM VERY HAPPY . ALSO GOT ONE FOR THE OTHER NIGHT TABLE SO MY HUSBAND AND I NOW HAVE OUR OWN PHONES AND CLOCK RADIOS . TRANSACTION WAS EASY AND GOT PRODUCT VERY QUICKLY .
 Everything is OK , but one
 Very happy with the purchase ... only problem is reading time from across the room . Numbers somewhat slanted but other wise good quality and excellent price !
 OK product , but digital image weak -LRB- low light -RRB- . All features work well -- radio , alarm , etc. . Low cost .
 I am left-handed and strongly recommend this pen . I came across it by accident when my secretary gave it to me to borrow . I immediately recognized it as very smooth , and with quick drying ink that did not smear . This is actually fun to use , and a very good looking pen . I am ordering a bunch now .
 This is by far my favorite pen . I am very particular about pens and am usually forced to use ball point pens because other gel-type pens are usually a bother to write with ; the ink leaks outward , is hard to control , and just looks messy . This pen glides across the page and stays neat and clean . The ink does not run , it does n't smudge as easily as most gel pens , and the line is neat and clean . I got this pen as a gift about two weeks ago and have not used another pen since . The best part is that you can buy refills fairly easily . I LOVE this pen . I have finally found the perfect pen and I do n't think I 'm ever going to use a different one !!
 Pretty red paper . Lots of pretty red paper . I 'm using it for holiday CD labels and I 'm too lazy to drive to the store . It 's exactly what I wanted !
 Sturdy paper that gets the job done . High quality , that is easy to cut with a paper cutter . Does n't seem to give paper cuts .
 I bought these for my Ford F150 , but then moved them to my Jeep Wrangler . They got a little lost in the black/gray interior of the truck , but are a perfect complement to the cherry-red Jeep . And they look more at home in the sassier environment . They are large , a perfect fit for a serious vehicle , and they have a heavy , durable feel . I have had no problems with them slipping out of place ; they stay put . The Dale Jr. signature does n't stand out in quite the same way it does in the photo , and I 'm happier with that . Showing one 's NASCAR love need not be gaudy . I do advise that you keep them dry . I got mine wet while washing my Jeep after a big snowstorm , and the rubber on the bottom got a little smelly . The situation was easily remedied with a day of drying out in the garage . Go Junior !
 I 've been using Xstamper products for several years , now . They 're vastly more durable than regular stamping products . Of the variety of Xstampers I 've purchased , none have worn out or needed re-inking , yet . What a terrific value , especially here on the Amazon . com site . I was very happy to eliminate the need for messy stamp pads and make it so much easier to perfect impression every time.A clear , sharp impression ; a variety of sizes and styles ; ergonomic body and soft grip handle ; these are some of the reasons Xstamper products are used by government purchasing departments , including the post office and state & federal government agencies who demand high quality products.AND ... the company offers a lifetime guarantee . Here are some of the other title stamps listed here on Amazon.com : Two-color COPYTwo-color ORIGINALTwo-color PAIDTwo-color ENTEREDTwo-color VOIDTwo-color FOR DEPOSIT ONLYTwo-color FAXEDTwo-color FLAG StampSpecialty FRAGILESpecialty Jumbo PAID
 Needed to have work in my Parker 75 and while dealer was not able to assure me it would work with that model I decided to risk it . Works just fine in that pen ! Bought through Amazon from Court Supplies and they were very fast in response to e mail and although using US Mail the converter arrived in less than a week -LRB- NYC to MO -RRB- . Had not used the twist version before but seems to work well . Not quite as much ink as with cartridge , per fill , but only marginally so . And obviously bottle of ink much cheaper than using cartridges . I was able to fill pulling ink through the nib although converter seems to recommend pulling ink directly from the bottle . Either way you have to use tissue to clean off excess ink and probably filling from bottle is better . I have both Mont Blanc , Schaeffer and Parker fountain pens and prefer the Mont Blanc bottles but the Parker ink so I fill old Mont Blanc bottles with the ink to have benefit of both . Mont Blanc tips to fill a reservoir with ink for dipping nib -LRB- or converter -RRB- and slants to make filling easy . But Parker ink has cleaner included and is a richer ink . Since buying my Parker 75 when new in 1965 I have used used a syringe to fill cartridge -LRB- saving on cost of ink and more convenient than having multiple cartridges around -RRB- so am pleased now to have a converter for the pen to make filling easier and eliminate need for cartridges . Can recommend this product .
 This fit my Parker 45 just fine . It is easy to fill and seems well made . I would say that capacity is a bit less than the old aerometric filler , but filling this is a much more positive experience .
 I love fountain pens and I have struggled for years with the old ink reservoirs and cartridges so this is great . Easy to use and works very well .
 It did not come in a retail package , but fit perfectly and working fine so far . It looks just like one I have on my Lamy .
 Works fantastic ! Allows for a smooth flow . It hold a large amount of ink . Daily twisting is required to maintain smooth flow of ink .
 The ink converter was easy to use . I simply stick the open end in the ink bottle and turn the twister push the open end into the fountaing pen and we 're all set to go .
 Bought it for a used Parker 45 , and works perfectly.What is up with this &#34; 10 more words required &#34; ? One .
 Product was shipped and receieved as expected . Exactly what I was looking for.Very good very good very good . I need to write 20 words here in order to submit this review . Yes , good product , good quality , and good experience .
 This is a solid digital telephone for use with selected Panasonic PBXs . It is easily programmed with a third party app . called Panasonic KX-TD Programmator available for download or via CD from an online vendor . Google will yield the site . Via a serial port on the PBX , both PBX and extension telephones can be fully configured using the reasonably friendly Programmator GUI . Panasonic 's manuals for the PBX and the telephones are exhaustive and detailed . The phone itself can be manually programmed using a plastic overlay on the keyboard ... but its tedious unless one does it for a living . Programming by either method presumes the installer/programmer knows wireline telephony basics .
 We run these phones -LRB- and the associated PBX -RRB- at work . They work well and are durable . Panasonic tries to keep programming for dealers only - probably because it is so poorly written that you need to attend a seminar to understand it . It only runs on Windows and seems to be DOS based . Before you buy any propretary phone system check out how easily you can access and change the operation of the switch . It has nice features of which we only use a small subset , you can program buttons to do all kinds of things but when you run out there are a lot of keystrokes to access other features . Very scalable up to 8 lines and 20 extensions . It also does doors and pa systems . Caller ID is limited to incoming call info with no history .
 IT 'S NICE TO GET PENCILS FOR MY KIDS THAT ARE N'T PLAIN . THEY LOVED THE NASCAR PENCILS . GREAT PRICE AND WERE GREAT STOCKING STUFFERS .
 If you are looking for a little different twist in your paper needs , try Wausau 's Stardust White . It has a small dusting of many colors giving it the appearance of confetti . I would not use it for anything formal such as a resume , but for something fun , it is terrific . The heavier weight , 24lbs , produces a nice feel that is n't flimsy ... yet lighter than card stock . As of late , I have had difficulty finding this paper in office supply stores and was happy to find it on Amazon .
 I could n't be happier with this graph paper . It works for everything , but especially for my math classes . I 'm sure my teacher appreciates the nice , neat calculations that I turn in with every assignment and test.Pros : - The notebooks are huge -LRB- 100 pages -RRB- , so you do n't have to replace them often . Provides tons of space for calculations , especially for the cost . - The squares are perfectly sized , so you can still write in between the lines , but your graphs wo n't be enormous , either . - The cardboard backing is tough and thick as hell , so it does n't bend or wear with constant use . - The price ca n't be beat.Cons : - The pages always seem to rip in the corner when I tear them out of the notebook . I wish they would make the perforation slightly lower on the page , so that pages could be removed with ease . It just takes more effort than it should . I 'm very OCD about uniformity and whatnot . Such a minor concern should not detract from the overall awesomeness , though.Conclusion : - If you 're looking for quality graph paper notebooks in bulk , this is your last stop . I 'm very happy with the product , and I will continue to buy it , unless I find something better -LRB- doubtful -RRB- . I 'm on round # 2 , already . Calculus , I hope you die a slow and painful death ...
 i work in interior design and these pads are great . perfect for making a list , drawing a room and sketching a design concept - all on the same sheet if i need to ! why use this instead of a cheaper pad ? better paper PLUS the top is perforated , not gummed , so i can just flip to the next page and keep going & / OR use one pad per client , keeping all notes in one place . bottom line , these pages do n't leave the pad until i want them to - including the top cover page which you can leave on so that the pages underneath stay nice and tidy . the gummed versions fall right off the pad .
 Americans need a good quad rule -LRB- a/k/a quadrille -RRB- pad at a good price , and this is a winner for students and stylists both . It is the classic quadrille check , no extra margins or columns and is micro-perforated at the top , leaving left and right margins uncompromised , so submitting clean copy with no frayed edges is a cinch . The 8.5 by 11.75 inches -LRB- 21.5 x 30 cm -RRB- size makes it standard-format friendly though not exactly identical . Do n't buy this Ampad Evidence Quad Dual-Pad if you expect hole punches in the margin , or if you want the tighter five-check-per-inch format of quadrille on the flip side , but otherwise it competes very well with another company 's micro-perf. , `` neat '' type of pad and is way cheaper . The fact that this is called a `` dual '' pad refers probably to the fact that it has -LRB- at least -RRB- twice the number of sheets as similar pads .
 This pad of double sided 1/4 '' ruled graph paper is great for school homework and sketching scaled layouts . I like that the pages pull cleanly from the pad , leaving a standard letter sized 8.5 `` x11 '' sheet . The individual sheets of paper are a little on the thin side , so we have learned not to press too hard with a sharp pencil , but this is not really an issue when used in the pad.This is good for our household and small business graphing needs , recommended!CFH
 Lines are clear & accurately spaced , paper is of decent quality and sheets tear out easily ; what more can be said of a pad of graph paper ?
 Ampad Evidence Quad Dual-Pad , Quadrille Rule , Letter Size -LRB- 8.5 x 11.75 -RRB- , White , 100 Sheets per Pad -LRB- 20-210 -RRB- Great for drafting . Easy for laying out Electronic diagrams -LRB- schematics -RRB- . And laying out Printed Circuit Boards -LRB- PCB 's -RRB- Easy to establish enlargement ratios for up scaling . I 've had no problems with removing individual sheets from these pads as previously spoke of . I would highly recommend these pads .
 This is pretty much a standard pad of paper . The paper is a little thinner than I would prefer , but the cardboard backing is thicker and stiffer than expected . The stiffer backing is nice when there is n't a desk surface available .
 Can be used as an insert in a padfolio . Thick card stock behind the paper . Very happy with the purchase !
 I use this type of graph paper for weight charts and the like . I had been using Cambridge brand paper , purchased from Staples . I worked well but way overpriced . I was pleased to find this product at a portion of the their price . I was happy with price , quality and paper thickness . Very pleased with this purchase and I would recommend it .
 The graph paper fits the product description . I have no complaints with it except that I wish that it had smaller squares .
 I bought this paper for my daughter for school . It 's just fine . I would buy it again if she needs more .
 PROS : NEAR PERFECT PRODUCT , INCLUDING THE THINNESS OF PAPER WHICH MAKES FOR EASY TRACING!THE PAPER IS NOT TOO THIN FOR MOST PURPOSES.GOOD STURDY PAD AND BACKING , ALMOST LIKE HAVING A BUILT-IN CLIPBOARD.CONS : DECEPTIVE ADVERTISING.YOU DO NOT GET TWO PADS , JUST ONE , YET WE SEE IN THE PRODUCT 'S PICTURE TWO PADS.IN THE TEXT NEXT TO THE PICTURE WE SEE THE DESCRIPTION `` 100 Sheets per Pad '' ... `` PER PAD '' , THIS TO ME IMPLIES MORE THAN ONE PAD.ONLY IN THE FINE PRINT FURTHER DOWN THE WEB PAGE DOES THE SELLER MENTION , `` Number of Items ... 1 '' . -RRB- : - -RRB- To sum up , great product , not so great seller.One -LRB- 1 -RRB- pad will cost you with delivery , $ 8.45 `` SHIPPING AND HANDLING '' , it 's the bane of internet commerce , but when you compare that cost to the alternative , the cost of car ownership so you can drive to a store , then it 's not so outrageous ... Within the next 10 years Amazon and other outlets will be able to download many items via 3D printing and related technology.Of course , some pricey hardware at the customer 's end will be a requirement , but costs would go down as the technology improves and becomes more efficient.For something like quad paper , there 's surely a program available now to allow a conventional printer to produce that for you , but those pesky ink cartridges cost beaucoup bucks , do n't they .100 sheets with grid x $ 0.8 per page = hello , $ 8 dollars ! . and the grid would only be on the front of each sheet , and paper is n't free , either ... I can imagine a Buddhist monk pouring tea on the floor talking about the futility of avoiding Amazon ! . Pouring tea on the floor is the Buddhist way of saying , `` 6 of one ,1 / 2 dozen of the other '' .
 The pads came as described , and have a VERY sturdy backing to them . The only negative I have is the price . It seems that all graph paper pads are ridiculously pricey , though , so I guess it 's just par for the course . All in all , these are a great size and priced well by comparison to others . The sturdy back makes it easier to use them in your lap , too . And since I use them for creating my own crochet and jewelry-making patterns , it 's nice to be able to relax on the couch , in a chair , or in bed without a desk to do my designing .
 It 's nice to write formulas on it . Also very convenient for graphs ! The paper quality is pretty good too . Definitely recommend .
 Great paper for a great price . Smaller pads -LRB- with half of the sheets -RRB- of similar paper sell for about 50 % more in stores . It is a clean tear too . I would buy this again .
 I really love the look and feel of this phone . My friends all think it 's hilarious . I do n't have any trouble with it and the battery seems to last for quite some time . I like having the caller id -LRB- Johnny the free loader is out of luck ! -RRB- and the phone is easy to use . The belt clip is detachable if it gets in the way , but I like to wrap my hand around it on the phone for an easy grip . Sound quality is good and I do n't have any problem with the volume unless I have a bunch of people over , but that 's the case with any phone . I give it 4 out of 5 stars .
 I recently ordered 200 of these lightweight bags . They were not what I thought they would be BUT oh how I like them . All regular size pocket books fit perfectly . . Thats it put it in and its ready to go . Because they have no foam insert they are not recommended for CDs but anything else will work . Believe me for the price they are well worth it . The delivery was within days of my order ... This is a good company and a good product ...
 I see a lot of negative reviews on these . Maybe it 's because they 're a generic product?These are standard poly mailers , 6x9 . You can fit a DVD-sized case easily , fit a CD if you fold it once , mail smaller books , etc. . They are quite durable , and I 've mailed at least 100 orders with no problems . The adhesive is good , and I 've never needed to reinforce it . I have n't seen any problems or inconsistencies . They are solid , not transparent . You can also double-bag them if you 're feeling unsure.As for mailing labels not sticking ? I 've never had that problem . I would blame that on your mailing label 's adhesive , but this material is literally made for mailing labels to work perfectly on . Now , it 's possible to unpeel the label if you really tried , just like on a box or paper material , but you wo n't rip the mailer.Bottom line is
 These envelopes are great . The adhesive is very strong , the poly is very durable . The one review below about the stickers coming off ... . put the label on BEFORE you open/poof up the envelope . I have had no issues with my 4x6 FedEx thermal labels with these .
 I got these to mail slim DVD cases , but a standard thickness DVD case fits also . I cut off the bottom of a plain paper invoice for the address label and attach it with clear packaging tape , seems to hold as well as on kraft.The light weight film is easy to wrap over the DVD case to create an adjustable length envelope . The adhesive flap is also better than the wet to seal of a kraft envelope.Lighter , easier , cheaper !!!
 These bags are ideal for shipping item in . Wrap the product in bubble wrap , slide into the bag and mail with no worries about rips or tears to the bags , . They are very strong and reliable .
 Overall , I am happy with the product . At about a nickel per bag for a durable mailer , this product is perfect for sending out items that can take being tossed and crushed during shipping.The bags that I received were black on the inside , and greyish on the outside . Definitely not paper white . The flap closures sealed well . As a previous reviewer has already noted , the bags were stuck closed . I 've found that it was easier to open the bag by blowing into the bag than to try to pry the clinging sides either by inserting my hand or a tool into the bag.The only other annoyance is that the bags come somewhat wrinkled . However , consider how they will be used in shipping , this really is n't a problem in my case .
 Cost is a little bit high , but works well :--RRB- They also look good . Might buy it again some day .
 DVDs and video games fit snuggly in these envelopes . Once the self-adhesive flap is closed , it 's never coming open - the envelope has to be cut open . We use 150 of these per week for our eBay sales .
 I have ordered these envelopes many times from various sellers on here just because the one I normally order from may be out , or I just hit the Add to Cart button without looking . They obviously all do what they are intended to do , but I have found I like some better than others . The ones I like the best do n't have a weird odor , and take a little bit for the adhesive to set in . Unfortunately I do not recall which seller had the best one and my entire review is basically just going to tell you to buy it from one seller and if you like it , remember which seller it was because they are all selling the same sized but different made envelopes .
 This purchase was not what I had expected , therefore I ca n't give it justice with a review ! I had need of a different type mailer .
 I have ordered these envelopes from multiple vendors ; I really like these poly envelopes for a number of reasons , but these are my thoughts : Pros :1 . Economical , compared to paper envelopes AND packing tape . These envelopes are less than half the price of paper mailing envelopes of the same size .2 . Lighter in shipping weight than paper envelopes AND packing tape . Lower shipping weight = lower shipping fees . : -RRB- 3 . Water proof if sealed completely4 . The white color makes a nice clean presentation5 . They are much more compact than paper envelopes AND packing tape -- less room needed in your office to store shipping supplies6 . Shipping labels stick well to the envelopes7 . The adhesive used to seal the envelope sticks well -- you can not unseal once you have sealed the envelope . No packing tape needed ! Big plus for me .8 . I 've never experienced the seams splitting as some other reviewers have reported . I use the 6 x 9 , but would buy a larger size if needed .9 . You can not see through these envelopes .10 . Have had no complaints from my customers , including my international customers . I use 200 + a monthCons :1 . You may need to pad your product -- the envelopes are thin and work best for padded or soft items like clothing . Not for fragile items .2 . There is an inconsistency -- some envelopes have a smooth slick outer finish , others I have ordered have a matte feel to them . The labels adhere equally well to both . I never know when ordering whether I will receive the matte or smooth envelopes .3 . The sealing adhesive sticks well -- but there is an inconsistency again . When I have ordered from some companies the sealing area is bubbled -- it sticks and wo n't reopen , but it does not stick flat . Other orders have had no problem . I never know which I 'm getting . Both work equally well , so it 's a minor detail for me .4 . I assume these are not US made , but do n't know for sure . I would prefer to use a US made product , and will see if that is possible.I hope this helps!The pros far outweigh the cons for me , so the choice is clear .
 The Envelopes are of high quality ; just as expected ! Self sticking seals makes these envelopes easy to use and you know your item inside is secure .
 These are the best mailers and very reasonable . The tackiness of the peel and stick is so strong I do not need to add any extra security tape . So I am saving even more money in not buying more product to mail .
 These are top quality mailers and the adhesive sticks where ever it touches first , so be ready ! Great deal buying in bulk , too !
 I bought these bags for my business . I package soft items like blankets , clothing , etc. . They add zero weight to packaging , they 're waterproof , the adhesive is very strong , they 're durable yet pliable and I absolutely love them . The postal worker actually asked me where I ordered them because she said they always hold up very well in transit . I strongly recommend these mailers . Size wise , if you 're unsure , you can always order the next size up and then just fold over the extra , sticking the adhesive flap farther down the package in order to bundle it up for smaller items . I 've done this several times .
 I bought these to replace the paper and plastic bubble mailers I got at SAMS . I get a whole lot more mailers for my money and they are perfect for my needs - the various sizes are a boon as well . Very Satisfied with the fast delivery , too .
 I 've used probably 300 of these to mail soft items . It 's a much more budget friendly way to ship and looks professional.There seems to be concern about the strip not sticking . My experience has been that if you go and try to peel it open right away , it 'll will come apart , but once it 's been sealed for a while , you 'll need a scissors to get into the package . We 've tried to rip them open and it 's all but impossible . -LRB- Knock on wood ! -RRB-
 The Molesking plain reporter is an excellent notebook in many ways , without doubt one of the best on the market.When you first open it and see the cover page with its space for a reward for its return , you know that any Moleskine notebook is a throwback to a more literate time when words and ideas were more important to the people who made them . Holding one allows you to imagine great people doing great things and that owning one brings you closer to them -- not just writers , but musicians , scientists and mathematicians or anyone else who needed to have an idea and hold on to it.In its design , the Moleskine Reporter is a classic with convenience features that make it surprisingly modern . Its built-in rubberized cloth band keeps it from falling open when dropped ; it 's back pocket allows you to keep miscellaneous papers and items like receipts , stamps and photographs without making you resort to your wallet . Its featureless blank pages allow you to establish your own formatting as you work -LRB- making it perfectly suitable for combinations of notes and sketches in landscape and portrait formats -RRB- -- the perfect feature when your forms of creativity require notes and drawings for visualization . Better still , its semi-hard covers give you a writing surface anywhere you have an idea , from your hand when standing on a streetcorner to your thigh during a train or plane-ride . The Moleskine Plain Reporter is something special , a throwback to a more literate age that is perfectly sized to fit in the back pocket of a pair of Levis .
 Less foaming than Gorilla . No interaction with foams.Only issue is the spout which is too wide , clogs up , freezes the stopper shut and then breaks off clean when you try to wrench the stopper off.So dispensing mechanism is to be revised .
 This adding machine has been a good one so far . It is similar to my last one so it has been very easy to figure out how to use . It is easy to read the numbers and a fairly fast printer .
 it is a very good way of checking what you have calculated because it is printed . I recommend this to anyone who wants to make sure they have inputed the correct numbers when doing calculations . It will also automatically add tax if you program it correctly . A must buy for the price.it was on sale and I know I would have had to pay double what I paid . Amazon is a very good place to check things out if you are thinking of buying any kind of product .
 Decent calculator for the price , does the basic very well . The fact that it feeds through the back for the tape is really convenient and helps keep the tape from coming unrolled . Recommend it for balancing your checkbook .
 This is a good calculator for the home or light office use . I have used the Sharp EL-1197PIII daily at the office for many years & have had no problems . The EL-1801-V is not as heavy duty but is still very adequate for most bookkeeping chores when a spreadsheet is not practical . Note
 This calculator was very user friendly and easy to use , I really like the fact that it prints in two different colors as well . The only problem I had was that the tape it comes with is very small not enough tape , other than that I thought this was a very good product .
 I have been very pleased with the Sharp Adding Machine . My biggest concern was that the keys match up with the keys on the adding machine that I use at school . It has helped me progress in my speed and accuracy tremendously .
 This is a great calculator for all your desktop needs . Easy to use , keyboard touch is one of the better I 've used . Tax keys , cost key very helpful . Will buy another for my personal use . Definitely recommend .
 This is a very nice calculator for the small business owner . I like it because you can use 2 layer tape and have a copy for yourself and your accountant .
 Nice , big keys . NO wall-wart -- plugs in directly to wall outlet . Large , readable luminous display needs no room light . Works great , and sports some nice features -LRB- which I probably will never use , but nice to know they 're there -RRB- . Great buy for the money . Recommended for anyone who wants an adding machine -LRB- it 's not just a typical little printing calculator -RRB- . Takes a standard ink cartridge available from stationery stores , ditto paper roll . The instruction book is tiny , but complete and in several languages . If you 're used to using an adding machine , this unit should need few or no instructions . Recommended .
 I have used Sharp calculators for 30 years and have never had a problem with any of them . I like the printing calculator . If you have a problem , you do not need to redo the calculation , just check the tape.Has all the features the average person needs .
 I love this calculator . I 'm able to review long logs with dual color for additions and debits to the account . Easy to use .
 My company has used marimon , Inc for years and I could n't stand paying such high amounts for basic office needs ... finally I started loooking elsewhere and I will no longer order from anyone else ! Great price for a great product !
 This is a very nice adding machine for the price . I would recommend this to anyone .
 I have had the calculator for awhile now and it works fine . Size is fine for my desk top area .
 Great calculator for a small desk area . It could be bigger as I 'm in accounting and am used to an office sized one , but it works wonderful and the keyes are all in the same place !
 I used to have one of these that had to be plugged in . This one is smaller , can be used anywhere and works just as good .
 This is the best calculator . I purchased this machine to use at my place of employment . I love the feel . You just touch it softly and it works . It 's much quieter than most calculators I 've used . I recommend it to everyone . The size of the display screen is perfect too .
 Sharp EL-1801V Adding MachineI was looking for a fluorescent display because they are easier for me to read . This `` calculator '' operates just like what we used to call an `` adding machine '' . You put in the number , then press the function -LRB- i.e. , add or subtract , etc. the number -RRB- , and repeat again for the next number ... then hit the total button and you get the total . This unit works exactly like adding machines have worked for many decades -LRB- but this one is faster , lighter and smaller than the old machines -RRB- . Some folks -LRB- my wife included -RRB- were disappointed because this adding machine does not function as a `` calculator '' . With `` calculators '' , you enter a number , then enter `` add or minus '' button , then the second number and there is your total . You do not have to tell the machine how to handle each number you enter , beginning with the first number . Even so , this is an excellent printing adding machine . This one is suited for folks who do taxes , business folks who need cost , sell , average , margin buttons because it has dedicated buttons for those functions . It is also great because you can read the lighted display n any lighting situation . On top of that , you get a bonus feature because this machine can tell you how much change the customer is due . You put in the price of the item , subtract the currency the customer gives you , press the blue `` change '' button at the top left of keyboard and `` Viola '' , the amount of change that the customer should get is displayed.This machine takes standard size printing paper and prints fast in 2 colors -LRB- red and black -RRB- . You also have the choice of selecting whether or not you want the machine to give you a count of the number of items you have added , plus another button that will add the date -LRB- and time -RRB- the paper tape was run . It has an internal battery that keeps track of the date and time . The date and time are not constantly displayed , but one press of the `` clock/calender '' button will give you the date and/or time -LRB- after you set it up of course -RRB- . The instructions for setting it up are easy to follow.This is a wonderful device for us mathematically challenged folks . The Amazon 3rd party vendor `` Best Source Stationer '' -LRB- in Monroe , NY -RRB- is excellent . Best Source gave me an order confirmation , shipping notice confirmation , and very quick delivery . I highly recommend this product .
 I like the calculator , particularly that it prints negative numbers in red ink . Also it prints well and is pretty fast . It has all the features important in a basic printing calculator and the price was definitely right .
 The best thing about this calculator is that the buttons are large enough to make totaling up a large number of checks or invoices very quick . I ca n't understand those who say this calculator is slow ; to the contrary even in print mode it flies . If you want a solid , easy to use adding calculator without frills , you can do much worse than this one .
 I 'm sure it is a wonderful calculator , everything is easy to use , I just wish I 'd read better . I had one that I thought was just like this one , however when this one came it is only usable when plugged in . I really wanted it to be battery operated since I do n't use it at a desk . It is my fault , just wanted others to be aware of this .
 This machine is an excellent value for the money . Plenty of features , easy use , and excellent directions .
 This calculator has all of the features you will need for a reasonalbe price . I had my last desk calculator for over twenty years and so far I like this one more .
 THis ia an excellent calculator . I have it both at work and home . It is bigger than it seems , but it is sooo convenient to use .
 Previous I have owned Canon printing calculators only for them to fail within a couple of years . This time I decided to purchase a Sharp and I am very pleased that I did . I am very particular about how the keys feel in regard to key travel and feedback and size . This printing calculator is one of the best I have used . Please keep in mind that this is not a heavy duty calculator meant for business use but is more suited for home use . The small footprint of the device is perfect for a crowded or small desk . I prefer the blue illuminated display to those of the LCD verity which are difficult to read under certain lighting conditions . I would purchase this calculator again if need be . For my uses -LRB- paying bills , balancing a checkbook , etc in a home office setting -RRB- it is perfect .
 Pros
 This is the perfect calculator for home or office setting . It is industrial quality . I used it at my office for years . I now have one @ home ! In my years of printing calculator usage ... this one is the best @ the best price !!
 This calculator works great , easy to use and the price is a very good value . It is a full sized unit with the added feature of inserting date or time .
 Great calculator - just what I need as a bookkeeper . I bought this to use in the church office where I volunteer as bookkeeper . It is comparable to the one I use in my work office and I am very satisfied with all its functions .
 I have n't used all of the features yet but so far it 's been very helpful . Not looking forward to reading the instructions , though .
 I have fairly severe hearing loss and found this phone to work very well , even without my hearing aides in . Thats a big help when a call comes when I am in bed . The cordless feature is a big help for my wife who is in a wheelchair . A very well made phone .
 I purchased this for my dad who can not hear on the telephone.We talk dailey and it is nice that he is back in our world.Living longdistance and not seeing him , we needed the telephone.Great product . Thanks Clarity !!!!
 I had this phone sent to my 94-year-old mother , whose hearing has deteriorated to the point where she ca n't hear the phone ring even if she 's sitting right next to it and who often has trouble hearing the person on the other end of the line . It 's exactly what she -LRB- and we , her ` children ' who live in other states -RRB- needed . The ring is nice and loud , lights flash as well , and she can hear us just fine .
 Before I bought the phone for my parents , my dad would n't stay on the phone for more than a minute . Now , we can have a much longer conversation before he passes the phone to my mom . He refuses to wear his hearing aid , so this solution is the next best thing for us , to communicate with him . The sound on the phone is clear , and the volume of the ringing is strong.It 's a very good value !
 This phone is great for seniors , especially those with hearing or sight problems . Could n't be any easier for people with either problem to use . Personally , although I do not have either problem I could get by fine with it myself . With 3 dedicated buttons at the very top of the handset for preprogrammed phone numbers anyone can easily call family members -LRB- or whoever -RRB- with no problems . There are also 10 speed dial numbers . Programing is a breeze . I got it for my 90 year old legally blind mother and I am confident she can use it with no problems . Well made - not the least bit flimsy .
 Great product . I bought it for my Grandma who is having difficult hearing these days , especially on phone calls . She loves the phone . It 's easy to hook up and is n't too complicated for her to use . Worth the purchase if you know somone who need something like this .
 This is my second pad of the F-series `` F30.R '' . Loved the first , but it wore down so here I am again . I suggest turning it vertical so when it wears to the point that bothers you , you can simply turn it around and use the other unused end . Zero problems with ACT LABS Ltd. . Promptly shipped it out
 I purchased this retractable badge reel to replace the one my employer had given me as the string on theirs had tangled internally and locked up . I 've had this one now for at least 2 months and no problems thus far !
 This is a great thing to have . Light weight and made well . Nothing wrong with this item I could find . A1 all the way .
 Nothing fancy , i really dont know how to describe how &#34; wonderful &#34; it is ... its just a badge holder lol but i mean , yah it came in the right color , and within a legit amount of time so ... yeah ?
 Needed a new one of these for my badge at work . It is still going strong after a couple years of use .
 I needed a badge reel because mine broke . I ordered this one and voila , problem solved . It works and that 's all I need .
 This is well made and works great ! I have it attached to my lanyard and the reach is so long that I do n't have to take it off to swipe my ID Badge at work . The last one I bought just wore out after 5 years . This time I bought different colors to match my outfits . Love them !
 As teachers are being called on more-and-more to document everything which happens in the classroom , these notes have become a necessity in my classroom . I have proof that I sent home a note . No need to put in files , carbon-copy anyone in e-mail -LRB- not all my parents ' homes have e-mail available , no phone calls with notes needing to be taken , etc. I wish Carson Dellarosa would bring these back . My colleagues want them !
 I ordered these by accident . My husband wanted 5-gallon trash cans , but neglected to say what size ; he said he wanted `` big '' trash cans . Well , these are definitely good , with a tight-fitting lid , and my husband discovered they were very handy for recycling at his office .
 I had two of these already , purchased at a local office supply store . They were less expensive here , so I ordered another-however it arrived with no mounting hardware .
 I was pleased to find this clever tool was still around . I worked in a school/office supplystore when it was first introduced 32 years ago - it was a great product back then and stillis today ! Today I am using it for Petroleum maps in our book shop.We hang the maps withoutdamaging them ! Two Thumbs Up !
 I initially was looking for a strip of cork to attach posters to , but found this and quite pleased with it . Works great so far !
 Bought 2 for my office and they are great . Easy to install & operate . Provides a much cleaner look for frequently used papers rather than a bulletin or magnetic board .
 This item works well for me . I have 3 set up on a board that I use to help people get around my church . It 's a wonderful addition to our facility .
 Got tired of taping recipes to the wall -- this is great , even if my family and friends yell ` Order back ! ' and call me Mel , the cook from Alice.Cheers !
 Easy to install , woks great , although my laminated stuff does not stay in as well as regular cardstock . It has such a nice clean look . No more putting tacky on the back of my alphabet cards , only to have them fall off the wall or pulled off the wall by preschoolers !
 I purchased this as an extra phone so I could access both phone lines on the second floor of my house . Well-built with hold and 3-way conferencing features , sound quality is good and it has selectable ring levels for each line . Powered from the phone line , no external power is used . One drawback
 Very basic phone but does everything I need it to do . Build quality appears very good and sound quality is also very good . No complaints at all with it .
 For those of us who object to the teeny `` portable '' phones based on size , energy used , and `` ca n't prop under a chin while doing something with your hands '' ... this small footprint 2 line/conferencing baby does it . Price is right . I got 2 since I 'm sure they will stop making them -LRB- ca n't find a `` land line '' at any of the big box stores just the above . Humbug , off to Amazon !! I 'm pretty hard on phones , so they do n't last as long as the bricks in your grandmother 's house - - so that said , I 'm very pleased with these and have several .
 When all those other phones -LRB- cordless , digital answering machines , etc. -RRB- that you use that require a power adapter to run them wo n't work during an electric power outage ... phone lines provide their own power ... this phone is essential if you have two lines and you want to be sure the are available .
 well built and quality item . easy to use and simple and small . i have three of these in my house .
 Most 2 line corded phones take up a lot of room and are loaded with unnecessary features . This model is fairly compact and light but sturdy . It has adequate memory storage , easy to use functionality and number keys that are easy to read and solid to depress . Multiple ringer volume settings are a plus .
 This is a great 2-line phone . I used it to replace a Radio Shack unit .
 I 'm very pleased with this phone ... it is well-built and of good quality . The line selector buttons are large and easy to push . There are two distinctive rings for the 2 phone lines so you know which one is ringing . Ideally the phone would also have a caller ID screen but at this price I 'm happy . It is very difficult to find corded two-line phones these days.I mounted this one on the wall in a snap ... it works nicely as a wall or a desk phone .
 This GE two line phone is just what I needed . I have an office down stairs , and I wanted to start using MagicJack for my long distance phone calls . So now I have a line for the MagicJack and one for local calls .
 Super-fast delivery and an excellent product.This phone looks great and does everything advertised .
 October 12 , 2005When I purchased the AT&T ; 972 , it had been on the market for about four years . I received and installed this phone in early October.The features that caused me to select this phone in the order of importance are :1 . Two line phone2 . Speaker phone3 . One touch and two touch dialingThe two line phone works with one cable or two cables.The speaker phone works well . The person you call knows you are on a speaker phone , however , it is very clear . Having two people communicating on my end is not a problem . The volume control could be better ; see below.The eighteen one touch and two touch dialing capability is excellent . These buttons will dial any number , overseas or domestic . This phone stores up to 24 digits for each number and you are able to put a pause in the sequence which is handy for some situations.To make labels for the one touch dialing , Microsoft Arial 11 Bold worked out well . To make the upper and lower labels easy to distinguish , I inserted two spaces before the lower name . The plastic cover over the one touch buttons is easy to remove yet is secure when you install it.Things that could be done better : The display is not back lit.The volume control is alll programmable from the same volume up , volume down keys.Below is a description of how the volume control works in different functions . I so wish there was a little mechanical switch for each ringer volume control.The ringer volume for each line is controlledd with the phone hung up . The volume control adjusts the ringer of line 1 or line 2 according to which line is selected . Each time you press volume up or volume down , the phone produces one ring at the new volume and beeps when you reduce the volume to ringer off.While on the speaker phone , the volume up or down keys will adjust the speaker volume . Once set , it seems to be correct for all calls . The volume change is in a small range but very adequate even for people with a slight hearing loss . For a reason known only to AT&T ; , a beep , beep , beep occurs when you change the volume ; thus it is my recommendation you take it to the highest volume before you make your first call.Hand Set - the same volume control works with the hand set as described with the speaker phone.Other features you may like : The hand set has a good feel to it and operates properly.The button sizes and shapes are ideal.Flash button to actuate call waiting or three-way calling.Display Dialing allows you to call a number in your Call History List . When returning calls , you can go through your call list until you reach their name and number . Then press Display Dial to call that number . If the hand set is on the hook , the speaker will be turned-on .
 These are every bit as good as the higher priced ones . I needed them to laminate dressage letters to hang in an indoor riding arena and they worked out perfectly . A true value in my mind !
 These are sheets and not pouches but they can easily be made into `` pouches '' . For the price and quantity you ca n't beat them . The quality of these sheets is very good . They just need to reword the title of the product .
 I purchased my original MAG-NIF Money wrapper automatic coin bank about 10 years ago . At some point I dropped it . I glued it back together and had to modify the battery tray because the battery door was broken beyond repair . Ever since I dropped it I have been looking for another one . I found what appeared to be my automatic version on Amazon but when I received it , it was manual . So I stripped the sorting wheel , motor and switch from my old Money Wrapper and put it in my new manual Money Wrapper , now I 'm automatic again ! This time I 'll try not to drop it.All in all I am very happy with the product .
 Works very well . Just do n't put more than the 8 coins in at a time like it tells you . It tends to back the coins up while rolling down the runway . Otherwise its great . I have had the cheaper ones and they are junk . This it my 3rd one . I keep one at work , home , and a spare . I would recommend this one to you , but not the others ...
 I purchased this bank from Amizon.com . This is the second one of these banks I have purchased . It works well , does n't jam , and is easy to operate . One big advantage over other coin wrapper banks is that you can use it either with or with out the paper coin wrappers . My grandson played with it all week when he was here last summer , so this second one is for him !
 This is a replacement for a change bank I had used for years . In fact I bought another bank which was poorly made and arrived broken from another source , I threw it away and ordered the Money Wrapper and am absolutely satisfied with it . Thanks .
 I had a coin separator just like this one for 20 years . The major problem was the `` C '' batteries would come loose in the holder . Tape fixed that problem . The old machine finally wore out.This new machine has several improvements over the old one . The major one is it is operated by a slide switch instead of a coin pressure switch which jammed often and ran the batteries down.The coin separator wheel is designed much better . The old one would put too many coins on the ramp and they would jam .
 I did n't have very high expectations of this when purchased but needed something . I have a similar device that I have used for years that is just adequate . I was pleasantly surprised with how easily this item works . It also handles many coins at once which is the main source of frustration with my old one . This is a great value and works well !
 We 've had one of these coin sorters forEVER . Worked so well , when it wore out , decided to get another . This one is great , HOWEVER , not like the ` old ' one . It used to sort automatically when you put the coins in . Now , you have to actually flip the switch to get it to sort . Not a big hassle , but not like it used to be ... what is ... ?
 received this bank earlier than I expected . Which was great . Bank works fine , very happy with this purchase . I baught other banks in the past they never worked very well or they only worked for a while , this bank is still going strong . Great service .
 This is the first year my son may come home by hisself from time to time , he likes Sonic and the gang and this key ring was a perfect surprise for him , he loves it .
 Was charged for this item and it was n't delivered . Contacted company and the finally sent the item . Later after I rated their site , not too good of a rating , by the way , they sent me e-mail and said if I removed the bad rating they would send my a gift . Just for the heck of it , I removed the rating and guess what ... it has been 4 months and I have not received any gift . So I suggest before ordering from this place you make sure you really want the item and good luck getting it .
 I got the item just like new and my little sister loved it right away . It ' an awesome keychain !
 She is a huge sonic fan . This key chain made her happy . It is not entertaining or educational . It is hardly a toy . It does allow her to decorate her back pack with Sonic and crew . She does get joy out of it being there . It is decently made .
 My daughter loves Sonic games and this was the perfect stocking stuffer for her at Christmas .
 As a former Vonage customer -LRB- for a year-and-a-half -RRB- , I must say that I am mightily impressed with the service I now receive from Packet8 . As soon as I received my Adapter 410 device from Amazon.com , I opened the box , read the short instruction card , and was talking VoIP in under 10 minutes.I live on the West Coast -LRB- Portland , OR -RRB- and began making a number of local calls and calls to Maryland , Georgia , North Carolina , Pennsylvania , and one call to Halifax , Nova Scotia -LRB- Canada -RRB- . Each call had , to the best of my perception , identical quality ... and the quality was nothing short of superb.On the billing end of things , they told me there 'd be no activation fee and my first month was free . In actual fact , however , I 'll end up getting close to 45 days free since customers signing up in mid-month are apparently given the `` benefit of the doubt '' on this issue . I called up their customer service department to make sure -LRB- 3 minute wait only -RRB- . Mind you , I only mean free of Packet8 charges . Until my first paid billing period starts on February 3rd next year , I still have to pay the $ 1.50 monthly regulatory recovery fee -LRB- Federal -RRB- and starting in January , a monthly $ 1.99 fee for e911 . So , assuming my math is correct , this will be the makeup of my first normal bill from Packet8 - and subsequent bills that do not include calls outside the US/Canada : $ 19.99 - Packet8 , unlimited US/Canada calls __ 1.50 - regulatory recovery fee __ 1.99 - e911 fee ___ .60 - Federal Excise Tax ====== $ 24.08 - total monthly cost of planI suspect Vonage 's `` total monthly cost '' has gone up since I left them in July ... but compare that with Vonage 's $ 27.24 `` total monthly cost '' I paid before I left them . Vonage does have one benefit over Packet8 , though . You can call numbers in Puerto Rico free . With Packet8 , I 'd have to pay 3-4 cents a minute for such a call -LRB- assuming I knew someone in Puerto Rico to call , hehe -RRB- . There is one complaint I have about Packet8 , though ... but it 's kind of a funny complaint . When I called up their customer service department , I was appalled at the quality of the call . The automated menu voice wavered in and out and I thought the call might drop . But , when I hung up and dialed them up again , I noticed that the wavering was consistently in the same places . In short , it was not a `` call '' quality issue . They just have lousy automated-voice menus that need to be re-recorded , hehehe . When the human customer service rep answered -LRB- 3 minute wait -RRB- , the wavering magically went away . Every other call I 've since made from my Packet8 phone has been fantastic and , at this point , I have no complaints whatsoever.Some closing comments . For VoIP to work properly , you must have a true `` high-speed '' connection . I have 3-megabit broadband . If you have a more marginal broadband connection -LRB- like most DSL providers give you -RRB- , your results may vary . The slower a connection speed is , the more ` artifacts ' you 'll hear . In short , do n't blame Packet8 because you 've chosen a cheap broadband provider . Electrical -LRB- radio , TV , computer , etc. -RRB- interference near your modem or router could be another culprit causing marginal quality . Again , a personal issue , not a Packet8 issue . Finally , I 've seen a number of complaints regarding the porting of an existing number to Packet8 ... that it takes a long time . Again , this is not a Packet8 issue . While competing phone companies are required to surrender an existing number to a competitor when asked , they take their own sweet time about it . I suspect they 're hoping users will blame the NEW provider for the delay and throw up their hands in frustration , choosing to stay with their CURRENT provider . In fact , delays in porting an existing number to a new service are largely the fault of the CURRENT provider , not the NEW provider.Solution ? Dump your old number and get a new one . Problem solved . In the future , I hope the FCC will address the issue and impose a porting `` deadline '' on providers . Complaints on porting time delays are inherent with many providers , not just Packet8 . And , like I suggested , customers blaming the `` accepting '' service provider for the delay are blaming the WRONG provider in most cases . It 's basic consumer logic . Who is more likely to give you the worst customer service ... a new provider eager to have your business ... or an old provider you 're abandoning ? Think about this.P.S . One thing you may notice . All VoIP calls are routed through hubs . Vonage 's hub is in New Jersey so caller-ID stamps are Eastern time . Packet8 's hub is in California so caller-ID stamps are Pacific time . This can also create some confusion with people who dial `` region-based '' toll-free numbers . Example.I occasionally call into the Coast-to-Coast AM radio show , originally done by Art Bell . They have two toll-free lines . One is designated for callers East of the Rockies , another for callers West of the Rockies . When I was with Vonage , and even though I live in Oregon , I could only call in on the `` East '' of the Rockies line -LRB- because Vonage 's hub is in New Jersey -RRB- . But now I 'm with Packet8 , I can call in using the proper line.If you normally dial `` region-based '' toll-free numbers as a matter of business , you 'll probably have to start dialing a non toll-free number -LRB- which is free with Vonage or Packet8 anyway -RRB- if your provider 's hub is located outside the region specified by the business 's phone.BTW , if you 're wondering why I left Vonage , it was because I was paying -LRB- in part -RRB- for 911 service I was NOT getting ... and found out I was n't alone . Three state attorneys general , so far , have filed deceptive marketing practices suits against Vonage for 911 `` irregularities '' -LRB- Texas , Michigan , Connecticut -RRB- . And , I waited until after the November 30th FCC deadline mandating e911 coverage to start shopping around for a new provider . Packet8 is e911 compatible.One final cautionary note . If you have a power failure or if your broadband ISP has a service interruption , your VoIP phone will not work . This can be dangerous if you need to make a 911 call during such a time . The solution is to buy a $ 19.99 Nokia 1100 TracFone which comes with 20 minutes of airtime -LRB- through TracFone.com or at local Target and WalMart stores -RRB- . Just keep it charged up and , if you NEED to make a call during downtimes , you can . Also , keep this in mind . Once , I had a power failure but needed to make a call . I went next door to my neighbor to use her landline phone - but it was out , too . The same falling tree limb that cut our power also cut her phone line . So , I recommend ALL users of landline or VoIP phones to have this cheap alternative handy . Between the time I dumped Vonage and enabled Packet8 , it was my only telephone . And , I still use it as an emergency backup phone on the rare occasion it 's needed .
 I got rid of my home phone because my bill was about 65 dollars a month . I thought I could survive on just my cell phone , I was wrong . Then I found packet 8 , after tax 21 dollars a month and it sounds just like my old home phone . The disconnecting that has been posted I never had that problem I think in the 6 months I have used this service for over 2000 minutes a month I dropped 1 call , because my cable internet went down . There are firmware updates on there website so some kinks are worked out . The only difference between the packet 8 phone and your home phone is the cost and you have to dial 1 and the area code before every number . NO BIG DEAL .
 I do n't usually write reviews on products , but I really wanted to share my experience with others . I got my broadband phone adapter home and followed the instructions included with the package to start making internet phone calls . It was sooo easy ! My cell phone does n't work in my home and my telephone bill was getting ridiculously expensive . The Packet8 service is AWESOME ! I can place calls to my mom in Arizona and talk as long as I want -- with no extra ` per-minute ' charges . I can call my sister in Florida just to say ` hello ' and it 's still just one low fee per month . The sound quality is perfect . It 's like the person I 'm speaking to is right across the table ` face-to-face ' ... I 'm not a real ` technical ' person , so I thought VOIP would be way out of my league . My husband talked me into the purchase and I 'm so glad he did !
 I 've had this service as my primary home phone for about a year , with superb results . I have never lost a call , and the voice quality is better than my old land line . I have no idea why some folks have problems , but it sure is not the ` speed ' of your internet connection -LRB- see below -RRB- . There are 2 things that are n't clear in the description concerning this adapter . Unlike the old 310 Packet8 adapter , with the new 410 box you do NOT need a router - it 's built in . Granted it only has 1 ` out ' port -LRB- IN is modem to 410 , OUT is 410 to your computer -RRB- but for most folks that 's all that 's necessary . In other words , if you do n't have a router now , you wo n't need one with this adapter.Second , you can take this thing with you when you travel , including overseas . I am working in the middle of the Sahara desert -LRB- 28 on/28 off -RRB- and this thing works GREAT . We have crappy local satellite internet in the camp -LRB- 80 kbps versus 4800 at home with cable -RRB- and there is NO difference in call quality or service . First I brought the box with me , and because I specified a local area code and number , my family can call me in ALGERIA as if it were a local call for them -LRB- for everybody else , it 's just a normal long-distance call to another US area code -RRB- . Last month I got a second account
 I had POTS service , and I was running a huge bill a month -LRB- includes DSL rates -RRB- . I was so frustrated with this high bill that I switched to Cable modem and Packet 8 service . Even though cable modem is more expensive than DSL , I save overall , and I have better download speeds.The only problem -LRB- s -RRB- that I have are that Packet 8 does not provide names with Caller ID , and Packet8 has Pacific time on the Caller-ID , even though I live on the East coast . Minor set backs . You have to dial a 1 - before all the numbers , which does not bother me at all . I make a lot of international calls , and they offer a very good rate on these as well . My wife said the quality is not good some times , but I have not noticed it . I do n't mind paying the $ 1.50 for E911 access.Overall , I am completely satisfied with Packet8 service .
 I 've had Packet8 for two months or so . It has been tremendous . I was concerned that voice quality would n't be good , but it is great . Setup took just a few minutes . I was amazed that I was making calls after two minutes of setup . I have never had a service outage since I got it.Caller ID does n't show the name , but that does n't bother me much , because old phone company 's caller ID often did n't show the name .
 I consider myself a `` power user '' - I use the residential service for work and home , while simultaneously stressing my broadband to the limit with work related traffic . I travel with the packet8 phone adapter and have used it to make calls all over the world - works just like I 'm in my house . Just plug one end into any broadband connection , other end to a phone , and you 're in business.I have been a packet8 user for a few years now , and have had only one issue - which was my broadband ISP 's fault , not the packet8 service . NO dropped calls , NO clarity issues -LRB- it 's clear as a bell -RRB- , NO `` talking through a tunnel '' issues . I have standard Comcast Internet.After reading many negative comments , I WILL say that you need to have a reliable broadband connection , and a solid router , and know how it all works to some degree.Computer literacy ALWAYS helps with newfangled devices.THe service works as advertised . I bought the DTA410 , plugged it into the power and my router , and it worked immediately with a dial tone . I then called customer service to have it activated , they gave me a 10 digit code to enter , and it worked . Just like that . Customer service was fast and painless.LOVE the features - call forwarding to any number , follow-me-find me , online phone calling record , really cheap international calls , all for 19.99 a month . You can forward your calls to any phone you want while you 're anywhere in the U.S. by simply accessing the internet and telling Packet8 to do it . Good deal.Also - in a travel accident - shampoo got into my old adapter -LRB- a DTA310 -RRB- and although it struggled valiantly , it gave up the ghost a little while later - and was out of warranty . Packet8 customer service gave me credit for the two weeks I was without service -LRB- because I was on a business trip and didnt order a new adapter right away -RRB- . ONE other thing - the packet8 service uses the lowest bandwidth of any of the commercial VOIP offerings right now - so if you use a lot of bandwidth , and also want VOIP , go packet8 . And it 's also among the cheapest .
 I have used the Packet8 service since August 2004 . This is an unbelievable service at the best price . Since I have been a customer , they have improved quality dramatically to about the same as a regular phone service ! Even more , they have steadily added features over the past few years . My favorite feature is the voicemail to email feature . I can get all my voicemails emailed to me and this is useful at work . Other features they have added are caller ID , and a feature that lets you call all your phones including your cell phone when someone calls your Packet8 phone number . That way , you can just pick up the closest phone to you . Everything is managed online . Plus you can forward your calls when you are on vacation or take the box with you to . Get this box/Packet8 and I promise you wont regret it . Nothing but big smiles for me !!!!! :-RRB- -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- They are also coming out with a softphone so you can use bluetooth/USB headsets from a laptop or whatever . Currently , you can use it but only in beta until a few more months .
 I bought this for my father for Christmas and he absolutely flipped . He had wanted a drafting table because this used to be his major and his goal in life , but things had fallen by the wayside , as things are wont to do ... Seeing as drafting tables are hundreds of dollars , I found this - and he loved it . This is the perfect way to give a drafting table to someone if you ca n't afford it otherwise , and it will definitely please drafters out there that are looking to get started again !
 This pad is foam backed with a semi-hard plastic top . Previously I had one like this whose surface was too glossy to work with an optical mouse . This surface is pebbled , so it works most of the time OK . Sometimes it causes the mouse to skitter a bit , but I 'm hoping that when the `` new '' wears off , that will stop.Otherwise , it 's a great item . Shipping was fast and I 'm happy with it otherwise .
 Just wanted everyone to know that the Batman Logo Mousepad made my Grandson really happy as he needed a new pad , and he really likes Batman.Thanks so much for helping me make his birthday special .
 I purchased this as a random gift for my daughter who just happens to be a huge Batman fan.She loves it and she uses it for her iMac . : -RRB-
 My husband is a huge batman fan and loves this . . I purchased it for him as a christmas gift ... he is a high school english teacher and his kids will love it
 I bought this mouse pad for my husband and he absolutely loves it ! He had some trouble using it with some optical mouse units but it was n't too bad . He said the graphics on the pad confused to eye on the mouse , but it is not a big issue .
 This is a very good mousepad ! The superman logo is displayed nice and sharp and it just has a nice blueish glow to it . Perfect when it comes to looks but it doesnt laydown completly on a table flatly . Other than that it works perfect . Also mine I mine in 2 days from ordering it with standard shiping which is always a plus !
 This pad is very nice , makes my desktop shine !!! , the only thing is that the mousepad is a little small , but I 'm very satisfied with my purchase .
 I 'm not a fan of comic books and especially Superman , however as a mousepad it works really well or rather , stands out in a positive way based strictly on appearance . It 's appropriate for a mousepad since it dazzles your computer desk and keyboard , that 's for sure . Still , I rather like my BlueLight mousepad that I 've literally had for over 7 years and wo n't be exchanging it for the famous comic book hero . Superman , off to rescue those in need ... but no need to save my mousepad .
 I am a big superhero fan so I went ahead and got me this nice Superman Logo mouse pad . For some reason -LRB- other than possible kryptonite mouse-components -RRB- it does not get along with wired optical mouse . I tried with two different brands , HP and Microsoft optical mouse , both wired . The mouse pointer jumps and moves at will and does not respond accurately , especially if you hold the mouse around the red areas . It works better with newer wireless optical mouse . Keep that in mind when you buy .
 I have n't experienced any problems that other reviewers have had with their optical mice not tracking properly . I do have a higher quality mouse , but I think this mousepad should be fine for everyone .
 This mousepad is awesome for fans . I love it , and even make sure that it does n't get dirty . I practically worship the thing since it has a Superman logo on it . I have an optical mouse as well and it does work with mine , so those who have an optical mouse , it should work with you .
 Mywife is a wizard of oz collector . She loved the mousepad for work . A coworker is also a collector and they both try to out do each other . Thank you for the posting .
 LOVE IT , LOVE IT , LOVE IT !!! It looks great and the mouse easily slides all over it . Did I mention I LOVE IT ?!?!
 Nice mousepad , I had one of another brand but it was old and when I saw this I said to myself I have to buy it and I did . I like the wizard of oz an this was another reason to buy it .
 Why you ask ? Well I had to take a massive dump one day but I was in the middle of a game . I could n't just leave the rest of my team just because I drank too much ... So i remembered i have this table , took it in the bathroom , placed it in front of me and put my lap top on it and let the good times roll or squirt , which ever you 're thinking of .
 Have seen this product in use for a number of years . Finally decided to buy one for myself . Nicely engineered and straightforward to assemble and use . Much more stable that the table I 've been using - which I paid over 3 times more for ! Have recommended it to a number of others .
 I got this laptop stand primarily because the work-desk that I got to use this summer did n't have a keyboard tray , and I was n't in a position to add one to it . I was looking into the solutions that would allow me most of the keyboard tray experience without having to spend too much money . This stand seemed to fit the bill , and I have been very satisfied with it . It is relatively cheaply built , but it gets the work done . When fully folded it is extremely compact , and it can easily fit in a largeish messenger bag . SEtting it up can be a bit annoying , as each leg has to be fitted separately . This makes it extremely hard to get the exact level surface with this stand . I would definitely not recommend using it on soft or uneven surfaces , such as thicker carpets . Once assembled though , it felt pretty sturdy . I have used it both as a laptop stand and as a keyboard tray . If you use it while sitting down you will not have too much room for your legs , so be aware of this when deciding whether to buy it.Overall , it performed more than adequately for my needs , but you really get what you pay for . I would still recommend it for casual and infrequent use , but if you rely on a laptop stand on a regular basis I would suggest that you look into soem other sturdier options .
 Used at a meeting in an auditorium to hold a laptop which was used as a monitor for the presenter so they did n't have to turn around . The adjustable height legs were great for this
 I love my stand-up tabletop desk . I use it about half the day during a regular work day , and it has been working well for me . My cubicle neighbor saw it , was intrigued , and even ordered one for herself ! I would definitely recommend this item .
 I had hesitated to purchase this tabletote for my laptop due to the cost . However the item is wonderful . I can take it anywhere and have a table for my notebook or laptop without having to keep asking for a table of some sort . I am very pleased . the legs are light weight but the compactness is well worth it .
 If you travel and you have a notebook computer , you need this table . It truly weighs only 3 pounds . I could n't believe the small size of the package when it arrived . But do n't let the size of the package fool you . The top expands to hold not only a notebook computer but also provides ample space for a mouse , if you use one.The legs telescope down and fit into the underside of the table . When the legs are opened , they twist securely to whatever height you need . When traveling , that 's important , since hotel chairs come in various heights . You 'll be able to adjust this little table to whichever height is most comfortable for you to work.There is also a document holder included . It 's not fancy , but it does the job . The document holder comes apart and stores underneath the table , along with the legs . There 's a spongy place there to store the document holder.This table is so small when the legs are stored underneath , that you can easily store it in a briefcase or whatever case you use to carry your notebook computer .
 This is an amazing laptop desk . I 've used many laptop stands and tables , however I 've never found one that does what this one does . The adjustable legs allow me not only to use my laptop on the road , but in bed as well . At the shortest setting the table becomes the perfect height for computing in bed . My laptop has found a life long mate . Kudos TableTote .
 This product is a `` must have '' for people who travel and work on their laptops . Even if you have access to airline `` Club '' rooms at airports , most often , the cubes are all taken ... TableTote to the rescue ! I work a lot of trade shows , and it comes in very handy as an extra surface for handouts or as another display table . It has also been a blessing when arriving for a presentation and there is no convenient place for the projector . Works like a champ !
 I wanted to buy this product since I do a lot of traveling.I love practicality of any design / product , more than its looks for that matter.Let me jump into the pros and cons that I noticed about this.Pros
 Sturdy enough for my projector . Compact enough for the road . Just do n't bump it . I 'll keep it short and sweet . This table will work in a pinch . Not the most sturdy table in the world , so if you can keep people away from the table and you keep your feet away from the legs , you 'll be okay . Do n't overtighten the leg extensions . It came with a mousepad which I 'll never use . There is a `` document holder '' comprised of an antenna extension -LRB- like on a portable radio -RRB- which you attach a spring clip to which the document is held . Not meant for large docs . For what I was looking for , this table did what it was supposed to do . If you are looking for super sturdy , look elsewhere .
 This portable table fits nicely in my laptop bag . It only takes about a minute to set up and holds my large laptop very well . For my application , I do n't do very much typing -LRB- I use the laptop as a teleprompter -RRB- so I ca n't give any valid feedback for using it conventionally but it works well as I boot up and access my program to start the teleprompter application . I 'm not sure how it would perform if I was writing a novel with constant typing on it though .
 If you are often called upon to give group presentations you know the feeling of showing up to a lecture room that has no table for your laptop and projector . I 've stacked up chairs to support my equipment and have even gone on scavenger hunts throughout the hotel trying to find something that will work . Well , that wo n't happen ever again because I now carry this little table with me wherever I go.Although this portable folding able is inexpensive it does the job . It 's sliding top expands in order to give me enough room for my full sized laptop computer and a decent sized video projector . The range of height is adequate and the whole thing fits in my briefcase . It comes with some sort of funky , telescoping arm and clips that are meant to hold notes , I threw that away . Attaching the legs took a little getting used to but I can now put the thing together in less than a minute . I really love this little table and will be recommending to all of the professional presenters that I work with .
 SUMMARY : This table is for the person who appreciates the clever design , likes to put things together , and is willing to fiddle with the legs to gain maximum sturdiness . It 's not for someone who needs extremely quick setup or who hates to assemble things.DETAILS : I 've had this for years now . At some point after I got it , I realized that one of the legs did n't lock correctly in certain positions ; one of the telescoping sections had a broken part . I was able to contact Tabletote and get a replacement leg and all of them have worked fine since -LRB- I also have the damaged leg as a spare , should I ever need it -RRB- . After years of varied use -LRB- everyday for a while , occasional since -RRB- , my Tabletote still assembles and disassembles correctly and the foam still holds the document holder parts when I 'm not using the doc holder -LRB- they are underneath the assembled table and could potentially fall out if the foam fails -RRB- . The places where the sliding top clicks into are worn enough to no longer click noticeably , but I can still tell where they are by feeling for them or checking by eye . This may or may not be a big deal to someone ; the top is relatively firm anywhere between the two click spots , so if you can make sure you do n't have it pulled too far out , it probably does n't matter if it clicks into place or just holds by friction.I have used this most often with the legs at their shortest , as I was sitting on the floor and needed to raise my laptop only a little . The table is rock-steady in that position . As the legs are telescoped longer , it gets less steady , with each telescoping section being the least stable when pulled out the farthest ; so if you need the table somewhere in between shortest and tallest , you will get the most steadiness from partially telescoping each leg section rather than fully telescoping one or two . There are lines on all the leg sections to guide you when trying to make all the legs the same height . -LRB- One drawback to the design , for some users , is that the user must make sure the legs are equal in length when using any height other than shortest or tallest . -RRB- My Tabletote is acceptably sturdy for me at its tallest height ; getting that level of sturdiness requires arranging the legs by making them as slanted as you can -LRB- so that they 're as far apart as they can be -RRB- before placing the computer -LRB- or whatever -RRB- on the table . It wiggles a bit when bumped , but it has never spilled anything but pens/pencils -LRB- which rolled off -RRB- . I currently have a Roomba , and the last time the table was set up at its tallest , the Roomba ran into the legs repeatedly and the computer was fine.I am currently using it primarily as a lap-desk , since the chair I most often use my laptop in is a reclining zero-gravity chair ; the table gives a firm surface for the laptop , which has its vents on the bottom of the computer , so I ca n't use it directly on my lap without risking blocking the vents . I use the table this way because I already have it ; it may or may not be cost-effective to order it for such use , depending on what other products are out there and what you can repurpose or make for yourself if you 're handy .
 I use this table working on Drilling Rigs . I need a place for my laptop , and this is the only table I 've found that is compact and light enough to keep in my carry on baggage . Sure , it 's a little wobbly , but it 's not designed to hold a lot of weight , or to be leaned on . It 's a laptop table . The top extends far enough to keep my notes next to it , and also makes a great place to keep my coffee cup when I 'm working on PLC 's . I recommend this table to anyone who does such a job .
 I was looking for a smaller lightweight adjustable tabletop that was inexpensive and portable . It was also necessary that it would fit easily into a briefcase . The Tabletote which I discovered on Amazon , is exactly the product for which I was looking , and seems to be stable enough to fulfill my objectives for its usage . I am especially pleased with the simple manner in which the legs telescope in and out and lock into the desired position .
 I enjoy this table as a compact table that allows for an easy mobile operation .
 Thank you strongly.Thank you very much pleasure dealing with you and thank you for the speed to send the shipment.You are 100 %
 If you want to vacuum a car or a set of stairs , there is no better tool
 I use this to put my laptop on when i have it hooked up to my music keyboard , and it works great .
 Easy to Use - We use this as DVD projector stand to show outdoor movies . The legs are adjustable to whatever height you need . Works great . Easy to set up and take down . Do have to be careful with the legs when setting them up and down . We had one get stuck . It was able to be repaired with no problem .
 It is small , portable , easy to assemble and light weight . It does not seem very sturdy , though . I hope that my projector will not fall off of it when I put my computer on it , as well ! I 'll see and let you know !
 Nice and small , worked great . Dont expect to fit a projector and a 15 '' laptop on it though . I would say most projectors and any 12 '' laptop would work .
 Ordered the Tabletote on the evening of April 1st and it was on my doorstep on April 6th ... terrific service ... and what a gem of a portable stand , easy to set-up or pack to take along as a spot to set-up your PC anywhere you are ... totally pleased with the product and service
 This unit folds up so small and flat , that I love it for taking to presentations . The only caution I have is that it can get wobbly if you extend the legs to full length and the weight is not centered on the table . The legs store on the underside of the table and allows for a very compact table for a projector .
 This stand was great for the price but it is not sturdy at all , just tap the thing with your finger and it wobbles
 I found the notebook stand useful at campground sites . It easily fit within my laptop carrying case and I carried it with me as I traveled .
 This product served our purposes beautifully . We use it for video presentations at remote locations . The adjustable legs that store in the body of the unit are great . There is extra room for mouse and notes . I could find no similar product that served all our purposes .
 First off my product came two days early ! Putting it together i thought it didnt really work until i realized that i did n't pit it on correctly , it was still use . I use it for school and home purpose it is soo light i love it . Just make sure u turn it tight so it wont fall , and you will be fine .
 Very lightweight , portable and well designed . I use it to do presentations and slide shows with my laptop + viewsonic projector and it works pretty good.It is a little fragil but you ca n't be wrong -LRB- it is to cheap -RRB- . Looks is very professional and you can also hang documents at a side if you need to use it as a desk .
 I got this laptop table because I work from home in my living room . My old was was more fancy , but was very cumbersome and started to fall apart . This one is easy to setup and lightweight . I can quickly hide it away when I need . I have had this one for 3 years now and it is only just starting to fall apart . I will be purchasing another soon .
 I purchased one about 9 years ago and it 's still working great ! I bought it for my Bible studies because I got so tired of trying to balance a Bible and write my notes on my lap . Many people have approached me and asked me where I got it because it is such a clever idea ! It 's light-weight but sturdy , and if you 're careful with it , it can last you a long time .
 The space required for this awesome table is tiny . Military or professionals who travel should buy this product TODAY !!! Smaller than my laptop and made the trip to Afghanistan . Wonderful table and essential for all world travelers
 I 've purchased a couple of these adjustable platforms for my inflatable movie screen business . They 've been used inside and outside and are of durable construction and fold-up for easy storage and transport . They are a great value for the money and recommended .
 I purchasd my first `` tabletote '' in 2004 at the website . As I use this in my work -LRB- as a laptop computer assistant to a musician/entertainer -RRB- it is a valuable aid , I was alarmed when I found the website closed down . THEN I found it at AMAZON 's site , only two left.No question . I HAD to have ONE of them `` just in case '' . The first one has had five years of hard use , but you never know .
 Good if you need something small and portable . Sturdy enough tohold a laptop , but not rugged enough to withstand much abuse .
 I got this product for my husband to use in our motorhome with his laptop . It works great ! Because the legs are adjustable in height , he is able to sit in any seat and work comfortably . It is very light weight , which is perfect for traveling . It may be a little flimsy , but we will have to wait to see if it stands up . It certainly looks like it will and the design is wonderful .
 I have had this table for 2 years now . I love it . It fits nicely in my carry on computer bag . Its very light . I have not found any problems using this with my laptop . I would buy it again .
 This is a terrific product at a great price . Although it 's advertised as a portable workstation , I bought it as an alternative to projector stands costing three times as much . I could n't be happier with it . When retracted , it 's no larger than my padfolio , so it fits easily along with my laptop in my briefcase . Assembly takes about a minute , and the extended work area lets me easily put both my laptop and my projector on it . As a long-time speaker and trainer , I wish I had found this years ago . Lightweight , well thought out , so practical and easy to carry , I take it with me whenever I have a presentation scheduled . Highly recommend .
 This PC Table Tote is a wonderful little table for using with my laptop during my lunch break at work . I keep it in my car and use it while sitting in the passenger side front seat . I can eat my lunch and work on my laptop without having to rest it on my lap . I use my cell phone as the modem for my laptop so I can keep the phone sitting on the table as well while it is charging on the cigarette lighter/power source in the console of my car -LRB- when using a cell phone as a modem it tends to use up the battery so I keep it plugged in while I 'm using it -RRB- . I 've also used the table to place an Infocus projector on in my workplace . The legs at their shortest length are perfect for raising the projector up so the screen display is not distorted , as it can be if the projector is on a table pointed `` up '' at the screen.The design of the table is well done ! It 's so compact & light , yet it is actually quite sturdy when assembled correctly , which only takes a few seconds ! I 'm a person that takes care of my belongings so this table will surely last several more years . However , I can understand how someone who does not handle things with respect could put too much weight on this table -LRB- or any other fold-up table -RRB- with the legs extended and perhaps not assembled optimally , could ultimately bend a leg or damage the table using too much force.If you follow the assembly instructions and do not exceed the maximum weight recommendations - you will definitely enjoy this table for a long time .
 others have said it would collapse . It does not when proper handled . Ca n't be any easier . Perfect little table to travel with . Up until now , when going to a construction site , I had to spread my folders and papers on the dirty floor . Now I have the perfect table ! In a tradeshow last week they wanted me to pay $ 160 to rent a table for my brochures . I got my onw table out of my briefcase and spent the money for dinner.Horst
 The Table came in good time . This table is very versatile . We are very happy with the service and the Table .
 this little table is perfect for my semi truck and it fits in my laptop backpack .
 It 's compact . You can carry along with your laptop . It works great . The only problem i have noticed is that , the legs get stuck quite often . You got to apply great pressure to open the again .
 I used this table at a business expo for display and work space . It is not heavy and so could be toppled by a direct hit from a passerby , but that was not a problem in my case - walk through areas were fine . It was also easy to pack - light and not taking up too much room .
 It is light weight and easy to assembly , fit into my expectation for low cost/good product .
 After years of heavy and daily use , the plastic friction rings are starting to loosen in their attachments to the telescoping aluminum legs , but I 've been able to jury-rig dependable repairs on-the-road with simple tools and a few drops of glue here and there . Impressive durability for an item obviously designed for lightness and perhaps not intended for 30 + hours of service per week , every week . I 've just ordered a second Tabletote as a ` parts cow ' in the event pieces of my first one finally wear out .
 EDIT -LRB- 5/18/2012 -RRB- : I 've been using this table for over a month to stand up in my cubicle at work , and it is great . I have n't had any problems and several people have asked where they can get one - and I point them here . There is no table in this price range and portability that even comes close . ------------ I just received this table two days ago so I could stand at my desk to work -LRB- I put it on my cubicle desk for height -RRB- as my new contract does n't have an easy standing option.First off , it 's a great little table for what I need . Sturdy enough for my laptop while I 'm working and I can use a mouse as well . I have a 13 '' Macbook Air , so while I 'm not putting a lot of weight on the table , it feels like it could hold a lot more.Second , I can only assume that the negative reviews are from people who expected WAY too much out of this type of portable table or who do n't know how to work the tension legs . You * should n't * twist the legs too much . If you over tighten them they * will * strip . Just twist until snug/firm , and then stop - very similar to collapsible hiking poles . Extra tightening will * not * strengthen the leg 's hold , it will weaken it.Overall , I 'm very satisfied thus far .
 As one of the many office workers looking to avoid the `` sitting death '' decried by so many recent studies , I 've been on the hunt for a way to lift my keyboard and mouse off the desk so I can stand while working . Most laptop stands are too narrow since they 're designed for a laptop computer , not a full-sized keyboard and mouse -LRB- plus mouse pad -RRB- . This device , while not perfect for the task , has come closest.The plastic is lightweight but sturdy and everything comes tucked neatly inside for maximum portability . One side slides off , revealing the collapsible legs and some other pieces within . The sliding piece then slides on the opposite side to form the tabletop - surprisingly , it forms a very stable platform . The legs , when fully extended , place the table at about hip level , which would work nicely for a laptop and compact projector setup . In the lowest position , the desk sits about a foot off my desk . This , for me , works out nicely as a standing configuration.I do wish I could adjust the angle of the top and that the legs collapsed a bit more compactly . And the document holder is too flimsy for me to use . But for the price , this has become my new worktop , keeping me moving during the day rather than sitting .
 I love this desk . It 's perfect for the amount of space I have . I am in Afghanistan now , and our rooms have limited space . It fits my laptop great . I like that the top extends for the use of a mouse . I also like that it shrinks to the about same size as my laptop . It can be as tall as a real desk , or as short as desk that can be used on the bed . Extremly portable . The other guys were and still are jealous .
 I just read the recent research about sitting down all day taking years off of your life even if you compensate by exercise and thus decided to try this . I put it on top of my current desk in my cubicle at work . I 'm just using my laptop with no separate keyboard , mouse , or monitor . I put a pretty tablecloth over top of it and have a foam exercise mat underneath my feet as well as some little `` balance pods '' I can stand on if I want to . It is a great solution and is fast and easy to re-convert my desk back to a sit-down desk simply by moving this little table and putting my laptop back on my regular desk . If I were using it on the floor , I might want something sturdier , but with the legs extended only 15 inches or so , it is fine . And , it packs up to a nice small , portable size . I 'm now enjoying standing up most of the day , and typing is very comfortable .
 This is the most practical thing I have ever bought . As a high school debater , I 've been looking for something handy to put my laptop on at the desk where I stand up and speak . It is easy to set up and only takes about 30 seconds . It is easy to carry around , as the top sliding extender doubles as a cover for the leg compartment on the bottom . It is also sturdy , but ONLY if you get the legs at an exact uniform length . It really does weigh about 3 pounds.I have had no problems with my Tabletote because I am extremely careful with it . Do n't snap the edges of the slider portion - if it does n't slide smoothly , you 're doing it wrong . Be EXTREMELY GENTLE with the aluminum legs - they are not flimsy , but they are thin and do n't take much to break . Be gentle when twisting them into place , and you will be fine.Another feature I really appreciate is that the tabletop has a sliding portion that can slide and extend the tabletop area about 6 inches wider . I put my laptop on the middle part and put papers on the extended part . It fits 8.5 x11 '' paper just fine.This is a little pricey . I was happy to buy it for $ 35 , especially when I had an Amazon gift card , but it would have been nice to get it for $ 25 . Overall , the Tabletote wo n't break the bank , it is easy to carry and set up , and it has many uses . I use it for debate rounds and when I run out of room on my desk , I make it a mini-credenza . The height is the same as the standard desk when fully extended -LRB- 29 inches . -RRB- I am extremely satisfied !
 It folds up into the size of a 14 '' notebook or so and unfolds into a table ! I do n't use this for a laptop stand but rather to hold up a video projector for our video business when we go out on locations like weddings . It 's really convenient , easy to assmble and reasonably sturdy.However , it is very light so it can be knocked over very easily . Also , any knocks against it or drops could result in damage , again , cause of hte light weight and construction . For the price it 's great though .
 This is a great portable table for a laptop . I take it whenever I travel , as well as use it at home on a regular basis . It is extremely stable . Just the right size ; including its legs , about the size of my laptop . Can be set up in one minute . It just does the job , no more no less . I 've had mine for 2 years-use it all the time . A laptop is designed to be portable , it 's surprising how many places this handy table is just right for the job . No complaints . Nothing negative . Just a great table .
 I gave the Tabletote 5 stars even though I had a bit of difficulty due mainly to my ham-handed handling . I over-tightened the telescopic legs and eventually separated the metal from the plastic . The fastening method is kind of questionable in my opinion . This made the table very unstable with because some of the legs could not be twist-locked in position . The metal tubes are joined to the plastic plugs by small punches through the metal into the plastic . Any tightening over 5 ft-lbs or so is going to eventually twist them apart . My advice is twist them all apart and fasten together with a little hot glue -LRB- my absolute favorite all-purpose adhesive -RRB- . After that the legs lock in very securely and the table is rock solid.I carry it right in my laptop backpack and sometimes use it for a utility table in certain under-furnished motels . I also use for a foot stool in my office from time to time .
 la marca y el modelo son muy buenos.y el precio excelente , tiempo aceptable de envio.Ningun problema en el pago , todo bien . .
 First of all , any product review should comment on the product as it is exists and described , not what it should or could have have been , but suggestions are OK if the product is not penalized . Given that , this table is exactly as presented . The slide apart top is not clear in the photos , but is a key feature , especially for 17 &#34; laptop . Yes , when fully extended , the table is a little wobbly , but OK , not a super issue . To make it more stable would require either stronger legs and/or braces , both of which would increase the weight and cost . As it is , it is perfect for putting in a suitcase , taking next to no space , and does the job . The legs do n't have to be fully extended , the less , the more stable . I actually make a shelf from 1/4 &#34; plywood rectangle with a hole in each corner . I extend the legs , mount the plywood shelf over the legs from the bottom until a get a snug even fit , I add two pipe clamps over and under the shelf corners , and I have a nice shelf and it adds support , all at no appreciable increase in size or weight . I have an improved design which is easier to build and adds more support . I guess the manufacturer could consider such a dual purpose shelf as an option . I might add another shelf , a little larger , that would be under the first shelf . A little tricky on the hole drilling locations , but I 'm an engineer and this is what we do : -RRB-
 This table is a good value - a little rickety , but very inexpensive . One leg would n't tighten properly ; the company sent me two replacement legs very quickly .
 First if you think this is durable and will let you set 600 pounds of weight on it or use it without damage in a bar fight , you need to buy something else . This is designed to be as light and as small as possible . When closed it is the size of a 15 '' laptop . and weighs almost nothing . when assembled it 's a great workspace the wiggles a bit if you are the type that pounds on a keyboard . I use it with a massive 18.5 inch laptop that hangs off the edges , and it works fine.you cant be careless and forget where the legs are , kick one and the desk is done for . This is built for tiny packing space and weight NOT durability . if you want durable , carry a Steelcase table with you . I use this with a 3 leg camping stool for working at customer sites . Typically I am stuck working in an electrical closet using a left over bucket and cardboard box as a desk . So this stand is perfect for me.will I buy this again ? you bet . in fact I 'm going to buy one soon just to have on hand . This stand has become a requirement in my work because I can sit comfortably at a worksite for hours at a time . Laptops go on desks not laps when you want to get real work done .
 This is a great little table , there are a few good things and a few things I wish were different.Pros :1 . Light weight2 . clean lines , easy to set up3 . In expensive4 . Small enough to fit in many medium to large laptop bags5 . Very adjustable , you can adjust the legs to be really short , or pretty long6 . working surface , the fact that you can adjust it to fit more than just a laptop makes this a good featureCons :1 . Wobbly , It 's not the most sturdy table out there and the longer you make the legs the wobblier it gets2 . set up , this is both a pro and a con , it 's easy to set up , but because of how the legs attach and extend , with a twist to lock mechanism I feel like it might collapse at any point .3 . construction , It 's made out of plastic , and seems sort of flimsy I do n't think this table will last long , I 'm hard on equipment , and travel a lot , so my equipment has to be tough.Conclusion : For the price and size , this will be a good travel table for me . I have a very light laptop , so the weight issues are n't a problems for me.Enjoy , and be gentle with this one , and you should have it for a while .
 I love my tabletote . It is about size of a reference manual/catalog . Actually I 'd say a better ref would be to the size of my laptop , but thicker , about 1 inch thick . The subject of sturdiness ... you know it is n't the dinning room table or the office desk but it holds my laptop quite nicely . I would n't put my lap top on it then let a bunch of kids run around it or anything , but I set it up when I go to visit a customer . I borrow a chair from them and then use my tabletote as a desk for my laptop . It is not perfect but if you 're looking for a surface to support your laptop and travel mouse this works great . I would n't recommend using it as a student with a pile of text books on it , the mfg clearly states a 20 pound limit , but for my purpose I love it . It is a great item to use in an airport or for a child or student as a writing surface . It would also work well as a eating table for a person . The legs telescope and then fold up inside the belly of the table . It takes me about 2 min to put together and take apart . I do n't feel like it is going to fall over or anything like that . The `` lid '' slides off and then can reattach as an extension for a longer work surface , I use it as room for my mouse . I 'd buy it again and recommend it for any reasonable use . I would use it for a projector or a lap top with out reservation , but I 'd question if I felt comfortable walking around the room presenting while the projector was on this because it does feel top heavy but if I was next to it I 'd feel fine .
 I have been using this table for about a week . The good part of this table is its compactable , light weight , and has an extension to accommodate for mouse or other objects . If you are traveling and would like a portable table and do n't mind having to fidget with setting up , then this table for you . The table is not intended to rest your elbows on the table , yet it does hold up to my 15 '' wide screen laptop along with the fan and the usage of the cordless mouse . Over all I am satisfied with the purchase and would recommend this portable mini table .
 We recently removed our wrought iron coffee table so our little one wo n't hit his head as he 's learning to crawl and pull himself up on things . So , I needed something else to set my laptop on . After looking at MANY laptop stands I decided on this one . I have no regrets . This laptop stand works perfectly with my 15 '' Macbook Pro . I use the extension to set my mouse on and it even fits my little notepad and a pencil . Love that this stand is so portable . It 's easy to put together and very sturdy . I have no worries about it being tipped over should it be bumped . The adjustable legs are easy to use and work well to adjust to whatever height you want . This is the perfect laptop stand for my needs .
 Nice table . Not as small/low profile as I 'd `` like '' , but if it were then it would be less stable and stability is important.Easy to assemble . Decently sturdy . Great if -LRB- like me -RRB- , you have a small laptop for portability . Get a large laptop bag so you can carry this table and the laptop and you 're good to go .
 These mailers are not quite as heavy as the competition , but are very nicely priced and meet our needs very well .
 I have n't used any other bubble mailers , but I have n't had to try any other type than what I bought through Royal Mailers . I used to live near their warehouse and could just pick them up when I needed them , but I moved hundreds of miles away . Without realizing , I ran out of stock , but needed to mail books immediately . Royal Mailers had a box of these bags at my door the next morning.As for the bags themselves , I 've had zero complains from customers as far as product damage goes . I do n't need any more proof than that . Good product , good company , highly recommended .
 You made it work , again ! I created an order for shipping envelopes on Friday before the Labor Day holiday , and they arrived two days after the holiday!I 'm another satisfied customer!Lila GriffinCurriculum Connections
 I had to buy three of these because we had only ONE in the office and it was always disappearing and reappearing on somebody else 's desk . :-RRB- So now we each have one . It 's the ONLY stapler that gets the staple through our large stacks of papers .
 Barely a press , and pages are easily and securely stapled . I would highly recommend this stapler , especially if you want to staple larger chunks of paper together .
 Easy on your hand ... from repetitive motion use , my hand is not as strong as it used to be . This stapler requires little effort to use and does not jam . I had inherited this stapler from my predecessor , and when I moved departments , I requested this particular model when ordering my office supplies .
 I have this stapler at the office and it really can staple 20 pages . I believe the max I got out of it was 24 pages before the staple was n't long enough to hold the pages together . I would recommend this stapler to those who always need to staple more than 10 sheets together because it makes it very easy to punch the pages together without slamming on your stapler like other manual staples do .
 i do n't own it , but I 've used it and seen it . I ca n't believe it 's not an electric stapler ! The only question I have is whether or not it uses regular staples or longer ones.Soft as silk on the hands , Unheard of penetrating strength , and consistent like a Swiss clock.I 'm gon na buy one right now , if I can find one at a local Stxples store or Wal Mxrt . I already have a regular swingline , but I would like this one . Thank heavens for people who actually think of better things and the patent office .
 I purchased this stapler after carefully reading all of the reviews on Amazon.com . I am currently using this stapler in a pharmacy setting -LRB- stapling 100 - 200 items daily -RRB- . I have had nothing but perfect workings for the two months that I have owned it . I have not used the Swingline staples that is recommended for this stapler , instead opting for the Staples brand staples that other owners have recommended . Overall , very little pressure is required to operate the stapler and with no jams -LRB- ever ! -RRB- , I could n't give this product a higher recommendation .
 I waited to write a review , since I had bought some PaperPro staplers that at first were great , but one by one all died . The Swingline one still works great , and I am buying more of them . I am using Swingline staples , but `` standard '' , not `` premium '' . I think the thickers staples jam easier . The Swingline staples well enough to not seem to need Premium . I have stapled some pretty thick stacks -LRB- probably more than 25 sheets -RRB- with no issue .
 Somebody got these for our office copier areas , and they instantly became the staplers of choice amongst staff . We have people who will come and use them instead of the ones on their desks . I liked it so much , I bought one of my own for the office , and one for home.There 's no extra forcing pressure needed regardless of the number of pages . It feels like an electric punching action , though it is n't . You just press and it does the job.With the recommended staples , this stapler promises to punch 25 pages with ease . I find it 'll do up to 30 . -LRB- UPDATE ! -RRB- - Two years later , I dropped the stapler -LRB- onto carpet -RRB- and the metal arm fractured ! A triangle-shaped chunk from the left side just where the rubber top meets the body broke off . It still worked for a couple of weeks , but eventually the metal body fractured across the entire arm , rendering it useless.But prior to that , the thing worked flawlessly . Never jammed once in roughly 6,000 staples .
 I have bad stapler karma . In my hands a succession of staplers have jammed , become impossible to reload , fallen apart , or otherwise broken . Not so Swingline 's Power-Ease . In fact there 's something magical about it . Place a bunch of papers in position -LRB- I 've tried up to around 15 sheets -RRB- , push down on the top of the stapler lightly -LRB- as in barely -RRB- , and poof -- staple success . It has never jammed . Reloading is a snap . On one bad morning I inexplicably forgot how to reload the thing -LRB- recall my bad stapler karma -RRB- . I called Swingline and within seconds got to speak with a cheerful and helpful representative who reminded me how it 's done -LRB- it 's really VERY simple -RRB- . She even managed not to snicker .
 Ok , I love this stapler , but when I went to find out how to reload the staples I found NO HELP . I finally figured out there was a button at the tail which you push and then the staple drawer pops out and you slide a new tray of staples into the drawer . I LOVE THAT . It just took me a while to figure out how to unlock the tray . duh . The little icon of multiple staples is right there on the `` butt '' of the stapler . I should have looked there first instead of pushing on the drawer button . : -RRB-
 Using Office Depot brand standard staples , this thing is a monster . I mock the sort of advertising that proudly proclaims that you 'll be able to expend less effort -LRB- 70 % less !!! -RRB- for something as trivial as stapling paper , but I love this thing . I made everyone in my office try out some practice staples with it . I want to take it apart because I suspect some sort of alien flywheel technology inside . However , I do n't dare , as it might void the warranty .
 This stapler works very well , but , ironically , it continually jams if you use Swingline 's own staples ! Use standard staples instead , from Bostitch/Stanley or another quality maker . Once in a while it will miss stapling if you hold it in your hand to staple , so keep the unit on a desktop for use . I 've not had any jams using the Bostich staples , but the Swingline continually jams .
 My wife had one and I liked the way it worked . Pretty powerful little stapler and easy to use . No jams or problems after a lot of use .
 IF YOU NEED TO BUY A STAPLER , DO NOT HESITATE TO BUY THIS . AWESOME :-RRB- IT IS LIKE A PROFESSIONAL STAPLER MACHINE .
 I had a basic cheap stapler on my desk before buying this one . This one performs great , effortless stapling of documents where before I 'd be jamming up on about anything more than 10 pages using decent paper . This one has n't jammed yet using regular off-the-shelf staples and including documents 20-30 pages .
 The stapler arrived in a clamshell package , but with a big circle of plastic missing from the middle . This allowed the package to be opened MUCH easier than the usual clamshell ; unfortunately , the plastic was not marked for recycling . -LRB- Shame on you , Swingline ! -RRB- Although the stapler recommends Optima staples for best performance , we have thousands of regular staples in our supply closet , so this is what I used . It 's nice that the stapler holds an entire strip of staples , and they 're easy to drop in without breaking the strip.It does staple much easier than a regular stapler - I immediately stapled two pieces of cardboard together just to check it out . I just pushed , and it stapled . With a regular stapler , I would have had to press down with my body weight to try and get it through this thickness - if it would go through at all.I took away one star because it is loud when it staples . It makes a sharp cracking noise . In an environment where the stapler is used frequently and repeatedly , I think it would start to annoy everyone who could hear it -LRB- which would be most of the office -RRB- .
 This is the best stapler I 've ever used . I was just fed up with staples getting stuck and with the staples just not gripping the papers . I had just restapled a whole meetings worth of information packets when I saw this on Amazon and ordered one for home and one for work.Fantastic !
 I did n't think that a new stapler would be capable of bringing so much joy into my life . Definitely a great purchase for anyone who is looking to replace a less-awesome and vastly inferior stapler .
 So far so good . The reduced effort tag line is true . It appears to have some sort of spring loaded hammer inside that once you squeeze it enough , drives the staples in.The down size to that , if there is one , is that the piercing power is what it is . The number of pages that this will staple is not effected by how hard you can squeeze . I 'm sure we 've all tried to staple too many sheets at one time and via sheer strength or a mighty blow , somehow managed to staple more than the stapler manufacturer ever intended . That 's not possible with this model.Finally it 's a lot bigger than it looks in the picture . A lot bigger . I was expecting something you might want to carry in your book bag for school . I estimate it 's as long as the normal desk stapler but twice as high . Children or anyone with small hands might have difficulty holding it to use it . If you leave it on the desk , and just press down on it , that wo n't be a problem.I would recommend this .
 This stapler does require much less effort comparing to regular staplers . 1 -RRB- quality is top notch ; 2 -RRB- do n't have to push hardly to make it work . one hand can get it work perfectly . I would highly recommend it .
 This staper is great , works really good , and it is a product which i would want to buy if i ever need another stapler
 Top notch stapler . Does 25 sheets with ease . Very easy to use compared to regular staplers . I wo n't ever go back .
 I use these in my classroom - they never jam . And it gets used about 100 times each day -LRB- secondary school -RRB- .
 I 've used mine at work for well over a year now , and it 's been the best thing ... the only problem I ever have is not realizing I 've run out of staples . :-RRB- I would recommend it to anyone who does n't feel like getting carpal tunnel , does n't like standing over a stapler to add their body weight into it , or gets fed up with staplers that struggle to connect 5 sheets of paper together . Seriously , it 's the Cadillac of staplers ! Maybe even the Lambourghini ... it 's that good . : -RRB-
 I wish I 'd had this years ago ; it 's so much easier to operate than my mini Swingline ! Check your child 's teacher 's desk at open house , and if s/he does n't have this stapler , consider getting it as a gift at some point in the year ! This stapler should be standard issue , just like the Boston Ranger pencil sharpener.One last thing
 The stapler is effortless . I 'm really pleased with this purchase - I 've had it for a few months and it seems to be of great quality materials .
 This Swingline Optima PowerEase stapler is the best working stapler I ever had . My husband bought it for me as a gift and I love it so much that I had to get one for work . I can staple up to 25 sheets with ease . Never had to remove a staple that did n't go through . Highly recommended .
 I must say I really do like this stapler ! I got the `` Swingline Optima Premium Staples '' to go with this . It all works together very well . I 'm supprised at how easy it is to staple with this . The stored energy feature works so well . With the Optima premium staples it breezes thru a real heafty pile of paper without jamming or crumbling the staple . For how long a box of staples last , the extra cost was well worth it ! . The one thing connfusing on this though is that some of the literature , and on the stapler loading space , it says use the `` Swingline S.F. 4 Premium Chisel Point Staples '' . Yet on the package the stapler comes in it says for best performance to use the `` Swingline Optima Premium Staples '' . I recommend using the Optima Premium staples because I know they work well and you can count on it.First time I had a ` made in china ' item I 've been totally pleased with .
 After reading the reviews , I thought I would be getting a decent stapler . I had no idea that the reviews were actually true about the one-touch stapling . I am used to hand a wrist strain with I have a project to do - but no more . I love this stapler .
 This stapler is amazing . When stapling 15 papers it feels like you 're stapling one . This is how smooth it is . I 've had it for a month now and my son uses it almost everyday , so far it 's working perfectly and without jamming .
 This is the only stapler I buy for my office now . Over 5 years of use on the oldest , and have yet to have one fail . Crisp , sharp staple . Works perfect everytime . Every small hole on the side to see if you are out of staples .
 As a teacher , I 've used many different brands of staplers and this is my favorite . I have n't had any problems with jamming and it 's very easy to use and to refill .
 This stapler is very easy to use . Loads quick and easy and I have not had any problems with it jamming .
 It 's an excellent stapler . It would work with the regular staples or the ones recommended . Never jams , and required minimal effort .
 Effortless , fast stapling at a good price . Only con is that you ca n't swing the two parts apart from each other in order to staple things to walls .
 I own 3 of these model staplers and I love them . A must for any office job . Easy to use and great price -LRB- Lightning Deal -RRB- of $ 9.99 !
 Ordered this for my wife . She was having problems with her wrist and needed a stapler that was easier to use . Some people recommended an electric stapler but that was n't practical for her . She needed something more mobile . She loves it . I do n't understand exactly how it works but it really is easy to use .
 I purchased this for continous use -LRB- I work at a retail pharmacy -RRB- but this stapler is really heavy . I prefer the Swingline Cordless Rechargeable Silver Electric Stapler -LRB- S7048201A -RRB- to this one .
 We had one of these at work and just had to have one for myself . I enjoy using one that does n't require you hitting it to get it to staple through several layers of paper . These take all the work out of it.The only issue I have had with it is that when stapling a row of staples such as fabric to a lightweight foam board is that you have to allow the stapler handle to come up completely before pushing it again .
 This is , simply put , a great stapler . I really like the easy press staplers that , in effect , utilize some sort of spring to get through about 25 sheets of paper.I just got this stapler but I have others that are very similar . I have not had a problem with them and they are great for an office . A gentle push and whack , your stack of papers is done.Highly recommended ...
 No carpal tunnel with this stapler . It does all the work for you . No leaning into your stapler with all your might to get a good staple in . The powerease is just that . Easily powerful . I wo n't buy another when this one is literally perfect !
 This stapler worked wonderfully for 6 months or so until I let it slip out of my hand and it fell to the desktop -LRB- about 6 inches or so -RRB- and the plastic top broke in half and ca n't be repaired . Will buy another one even with this unpleasant experience.Swingline Optima -LRB- TM -RRB- PowerEase -LRB- TM -RRB- Reduced Effort Stapler in Black -LRB- S7087850A -RRB-
 Love these staplers . Unlike most others , these are weighty and solid . It 's lasting through a lot of use with none of that sheap plastic feel .
 Staplers are made to do one thing , and one thing only . Not much you can say about staplers , but this one does the job and does it well . It 's spring loaded so only moderate pressure gets the job done -LRB- no more standing over your desk pounding away -RRB- , it does n't jam , and it 's easy to load . ` Nuff said.PROS : - Easy to operate-Easy to load-Doesn ' t jamCONS : - None
 You get exactly what the manufacturer claims . This stapler has not failed me once since I bought it . Has gone through lots of staples and just keeps going as smoothly as the first one . No jams , no misfeeds , twisted or broken staples , no marks on your documents . I use it together with Swingline staples and combined they work just great . Definitely a winner .
 This is without doubt the best stapler I 've ever used ; once I got it freed from its plastic wrapping , I 've looked for multi-paged documents to staple , and its secured every one ; one does not need a solid platform to start from ; just decide on the corner of the doc that you wish to nail ; squeeze and it 's done .
 Great stapler . Only drawback ... it sounds like a gunshot when you use it . Goes thourgh more sheets than my old sissor stapler .
 HAD ONE FOR YEARS AND IT FINALLY BROKE . REPLACED BECAUSE IT IS GREAT FOR THICKERSTAPLING . I AM AN ACCOUNTANT AND OFTEN NEED A STRONGER STAPLER THAT IS VERYEASY TO USE . REDUCED EFFORT STAPLER IS EXACTLY THAT . I WOULD BUY AGAIN .
 I bought a couple of these staplers after an employee was * punching * the old staplers to make it `` easier '' to staple our documents . This stapler felt a big bulky when picked up at first , but the squeeze action was SO easy ! Needless to say , the * punching * stopped and no more staplers were harmed during the making of this review . ; -RRB-
 When was the last time you got excited by a stapler ? I was so impressed , I actually gave these to clients as Christmas presents .
 This is my second purchase of this stapler for a friend.This stapler is easy to use with minimal pressure applied , and really staples several pages together without jamming .
 Swingline Optima High Capacity Staples , 0.375 Inch Leg Length , 125 Count Strips , 60 Sheet Capacity , 2,500 Staples per Tin -LRB- S7035Good price , suited my needs
 I actually bought this for myself as a Christmas present because I was tired of fighting with my work stapler on a regular basis . I staple many , many times a day . It only failed me once and that was because it was about 30 sheets of paper . It has a loud snap sound when stapling , but I got used to it quickly .
 My 91 year old dad owns one , which is why I had to get my own . The reduce effort and non-jam feature make this a &#34; must have &#34; item .
 I absolutely LOVE this stapler . It is so easy to use - I have weak wrists -LRB- thanks to years of office work -RRB- and this stapler is light enough to pick up to staple your paper &#34; in the air &#34; . The other FANTASTIC feature is that it truly does staple 25 -LRB- or more -RRB- sheets of paper . Other staplers &#34; say &#34; they staple 25 sheets , but jam up when you try to staple 15-20 sheets . I have had a stack of 27-30 papers and it has stapled just fine -LRB- all the way through ! -RRB- . I first used this type of stapler at a new job a few years ago , and it was love at first staple . When I recently started with a new company I knew I had to buy one for my new desk.HIGHLY RECOMMEND !!
 The product serves its purpose and was a great buy . I would recommend this item . Also , the product is high in quality .
 This stapler works great and can effortlessly staple through at least 16 pages -LRB- I have n't tried more yet -RRB- . The only drawback is it is big and a little heavy . I 'm used to picking up a light stapler to staple pages but this one is a little bit bulky and awkward .
 After using traditional staplers for all of my life , this reduced-effort stapler is really impressive . Goes through more pages , is more accurate . and much easier to use . It seems to be of very high quality and feels durable . I will definitely buy this again .
 I love this stapler . My old stapler would often jam and not put in clean staples when the number of pages were high . This stapler has a spring loaded staple plunger that staples perfectly every time . I love it .
 Because it works and I do n't need special staples . Feels like a quality device when handling and have had no problems with the staples that I had in my desk .
 Works as advertised . -LRB- used for 2 months -RRB- I usually do n't need to staple more than 15-20 pages and itdoes n't take much effort to get the job done.It 's nice having a stapler that actually works as it 's supposed to .
 Just wanted to let people know that it does n't come with any staples . Fortunately , I had -LRB- Swingline -RRB- staples at the office , so awesome stapling was not delayed !
 I bought one of these over two years ago for work because I needed a stapler that would staple larger reports . I chose it because it was ergonomic . It works flawlessly , and I loved it so much that I bought one for home use and one for my daughter . All three are still going strong , with heavy use . I use premium staples , and I love how easily they load into this stapler -LRB- no pulling apart the stapler , just push the drawer release and it comes out front - ingenius ! -RRB- ; I 've also used regular staples with no problems , perhaps a couple of jams more often but less than most staplers . I do n't understand the negative reviews . I just bought another one ! Keep in mind , the power-ease part that makes the stapler ergo and easy to use also makes it louder , but I 'm noise sensitive and this is n't a deal breaker for me so it should n't be a big concern , but I removed a star for it .
 The Swingline Optima PowerEase is a powerful stapler . It is very easy to use and really staples up to 25 sheets with ease . The only drawback is that it will not open up in order to staple items to a bulletin board . So , keep the older Swingline models on hand if you need that capability .
 I staple 10 to 19 pages at a time on a daily basis ! A colleague of mine has the older version , she let me borrow hers and I knew I had to get one ! I absolutely love it ! It is very easy to use . My 8 year could use it to staple 15 pages without a struggle . Highly recommend it !
 I first saw this stapler at the campus computer lab . It worked so smoothly that I wrote down the model number and found out where to buy one.After getting it ... no regrets whatsoever.It easily staples 20 + pages using regular staples I had already , but claims to staple 25 with Swingline SF4 Premium Staples , which I have not tried .
 Best stapler in the world I would recommend to anyone it is so easy to use . No more pressure on your hands and goes threw several sheets ofpaper so easy . If had the money I would buy everyone in my family a new stapler for Christmas even if they do n't need one .
 This portfolio , with 13 letter sized pockets , holds a lot . It looks great too . Nice item .
 There is n't too much to say . They 're fine . The construction is sturdy . The side pleats are reinforced at the top . There are enough side pleats so that the file expands smoothly . These are well-constructed pocket files . I would certainly buy them again .
 I work in an office all day and have had previous back injuries and issues . I have found no better chair than this one for all the work that I do at my desk . This chair allows me to stretch all the way across and around my desk with ease , quickly shift position for multi-tasking , and keeps my posture correct . I first thought the lack of a back on this chair would be a detriment and I would hate it , but almost immediately I fell in love with the way it put me into the correct seated posture . By keeping my legs at a lower angle , rather than the typical 90 degree angle of regular chairs , it pulled the pressure away from my back and put it on the hips where my seated pressure needed to be.I highly recommend this chair to any who can afford it !
 These Velcro straps really do the job , just as one would expect ! No messing around , you wrap one of these pigs around something , it 's gon na stay wrapped ! In fact , I ` mn gon na buy more when I need them .
 VELCRO - what else needs to be said . It holds cords in a nice way and its black ... they go with everything .
 These Strapeez do a simple job , and they do it perfectly . I 've bought several sets of these straps , and I use them with all the power cords , usb cables , iPod charger cables , etc. . The bag I use to hold all my cables in my laptop bag is perfectly organized.Well worth the cost !
 Bought these to make props for a charity pantomime . Worked very well . Would be a great buy for school projects
 Thoroughly enjoyable , especially for younger children . Various ringtones -LRB- as long as you have the batteries in -RRB- when the phone rings . If there are no batteries , you get a regular phone ringing.Great phone , great fun !
 Never thought I would be writing a review about highlighters but ... I had been using highlighters for my textbooks and the problem was they would n't last long and/or dry out very quickly.These are excellent ! They do n't dry up and last quite a bit . I love the grip as it allows for steady highlighting.These are great highlighters !
 I like this highlighter because it is more comfortable in my hand ; it does not cramp like holding on to smaller ones . It highlights smoothly and lasts . Also , it is not being carried in stores where I live anymore , so I was so glad that Amazon had it .
 I 'm in graduate school , and I was tired of highlighters running out of ink within a few weeks of use . I bought these after reading the glowing reviews from students , and I 'm happy to say that I can echo their sentiments ! These highlighters are extremely durable . They may be a little big for some -LRB- I have small hands , and the highlighter is thicker than most -RRB- , but they are , by far , the best for studying/reading . I 'm still on my first highlighter , and it 's been a month so far . I would usually be throwing out a highlighter by now , but this one is n't showing any signs of fading or drying out.The ink is extremely bright , and it 's very easy to see what I 've highlighted while flipping through large articles I 'm asked to read . I also love that I can use the highlighter for hours on end without worrying about the tip drying out . With other highlighters I 've used , I 've had to constantly reapply the cap , even if I 'm using it a few minutes later.I also wanted to mention that , at least in the stores by me , a 12-pack of these highlighters -LRB- if you can find them -RRB- costs about $ 15-20 . The fact that I bought them for a little over $ 7 is an amazing deal , especially when you factor in the costs of other basic school supplies you need each semester -LRB- notebooks , pens , textbooks , etc. -RRB- . I doubt I 'll be buying another pack of highlighters soon , but when I do , I know which one 's I 'm getting!An absolute MUST for students , or anyone that does large amounts of reading !
 Good price . Each highlighter lasted approximately three weeks with heavy highlighting on a daily basis . Did n't bleed through thinner casebook pages and made solid highlights with each stroke . Barrel was a little thicker than I might prefer , but I liked the contour and grip , both of which made it easier to hold/use . Cap clicks onto the end firmly and stays put while using the highlighter .
 The very large girth on this made me mistakenly think it would leave too large a swath across the highlighted area . But I was mistaken , the chisel tips works nicely . It 's a little wierd holding something that thick , but its easy to control , and becomes comfortable . The cap can be tough to get off though ! lol ... It 's BIG but does a good job .
 The yellow color is just right , not too dark and not too light . The pen itself is a little bit big to grip but I 'm comfortable using it , I have an average size hand . Highly recommended .
 These are the best highlighters I could find . Larger than the usual pen size , they hold more fluorescent ink but are not too large and bulky like the marker size.From a highlighting fiend -- highly recommended .
 I am a veterinary student , and I highlight A LOT . These are by far my favorite because the color is good , they highlight easily , and each highlighter seems to last quite a while . I made the mistake of trying some Sharpie highlighters ... will not be doing that again .
 I read a lot of books to review and I highlight every one whether it is highlighting in the Kindle Fire highlighting feature or in a paper book using a BIC highlighter . When it is a paper book I use multiple colored highlighters . Yellow for people 's names , pink is for a main item within the storyline , orange is for major quotes or possibilities for titles of the review . The yellow is my favorite color as it is the easiest to read through after the text is highlighted . I have used highlighters for as long as I can remember and I use them up pretty quickly . Each drawer in the house seems to have a handful of various colors.I have taken a photo of some of the main colors that I have used and BIC is about the best you can get . They are good and bright colors with a broad tip that allows you to highlight the entire line or to use the fine tip to just underline some words . I like the pocket clip as I clip them onto the top of my briefcase or portfolio whichever I am using to store them for the next book I read.Regardless of whether you are studying for school or work or just reading a book to review they are handy tools to have around . I recommend them to you .
 I 'm a law student and I use highlighters constantly . The `` BIC Brite Liner Grip Chisel Highlighter '' is the best I have tried and I have used about every kind . They are long lasting and do not smear black all over the place . These highlighters are comfortable to use . I 'm 6 ' 2 '' and have big hands , so maybe they are not as good for little people but I think large is better for everybody . If you buy these you will not be disappointed .
 Quality markers with large reservoir . Also very good price for a box of 12 . Will buy another box in the near future .
 I purchased these after reading the reviews here on amazon . They work better than my previous hi-lighter ones . Easier to hold . . not as thick and the color is brighter . I usually like the pencil sized ones . . but they run out of ink too quickly . These are going good so far . Not quite the highlight of my day . . cause I got ta read a textbook every time I have one in my hand . . but they do the job well . It 's good bic for your buck too . . like the title says .
 This summer , I took a seminar class which seemed to have more than its share of reading . I figured that with all the odds and ends highlighters I had laying around , that would be enough . Well , they were n't . Those fancy clickable ones -LRB- no separate caps -RRB- seemed to run out after a single long day of reading . I tried two different brands , and both seemed to last but one day . Even those giant old style highlighters with the fat barrel and fat nub did n't seem to last . So , I got this big pack of Bics . I am a month into a semester with four seminar classes , and I have not exhausted one of these little darlings . The only reason I 'm buying another case is so I can have one case in my downstairs office , and one upstairs in the study , where I read -LRB- no computer -RRB- .
 As a student who highlights all the time in my books , my highlighter usually die within a week . These one have stayed vibrant going on a month or so -LRB- Still on first pack -RRB- . Basically you are paying 30 for a lifetime supply of highlighters , pretty sick deal .
 this is the 2nd time reviewed - just like the 1st time - everything was fine and on time .
 i bought this for my mom and she says she likes it but i have n't really seen her use it .
 I was looking for a paper trimmer that could handle the demands of cutting accurately through several sheets of cardstock without frustration and I found it . I wanted to be able to cut multiple pieces of paper of large and small sizes.The last reviewer made the comment that you have to take a couple of extra steps . No big deal , In fact this is a positive feature . You lift up a lever to elevate the cutting blade rail and push it back down to lock it into place . That brief extra step locks up to 8 pieces of thick textured cardstock in place without any shifting of the cardstock , and with little effort . This total thickness of the cardstock was 1/8th of an inch . I found that I could cut 4 pieces of thick textured cardstock in one very smooth effortless movement . If I put 8 pieces down it took one push forward and one back and to cut through all of them . Someone with fairly severe arthritis would find all of this easy to do . SO MUCH BETTER than my Fiskars rotary cutter . The magnetic paper guage did a good job of blocking the paper at the length I wanted . I found that I could use it to cut a piece of paper as short as 13/4 inch . The trimmer is sturdy and has well defined markings in both english and metric measurements . It also has marked areas for various photo and paper sizes . The trimmer has it 's instructions in a picture form right on the platform and has a storage area for extra blades and cutting mats . It comes with an extra cutting blade , perforating blade and cutting mat . I will be giving away 3 paper trimmers and enjoying this one for a very long time . If you are more than a casual scrapbooker this trimmer is for you .
 I was looking for a trimmer that would trim my booklets and decided on this one because of the features and especially because of the 5 star reviews . I am very pleased and well satisfied with the heavy construction and performance . The booklets I am trimming are 9 sheets of 24 # paper folded in half giving equivalent of 18 sheets 24 # . The locking bar holds the paper securely in position . The inch scales along the edge seem to be very accurate . Rather than push down with a lot of pressure on the cutting head , I make 3 - 4 passes with lighter pressure . This will also lengthen the life of the cutting strip under the blade . The cutting strip can be reversed when it is worn and also turned over , giving the equivalent of 4 strips , since it is off-centered . There is also a spare strip & 2 extra blades provided , 1 regular blade and 1 perforating blade.I highly recommend this cutter .
 We like the new cutter purchased to replace the Carl personal use model we had for several years . The Heavy duty model takes two additional steps -LRB- locking/engaging and unlocking/disengaging the blade -RRB- but is well worth getting used to because it cuts more paper and efficiently . Thank you .
 WE LOVE THIS TRIMMER . Period . After several near misses and a lot of wasted paper , it was time to toss the two worn out guillotine cutters our staff inherited and bite the bullet . As a small office staff for a non-profit , professional trade association - our budget is tight , our time is short and to save time and money , we do a lot of our information pieces in house.This trimmer is solid , easy to use , does beautiful work , and it 's safe -LRB- unless you give yourself a paper cut ... -RRB- Considering the workload we put it through , it 's been one of our best investments to date , and worth every penny we paid for it.HIGHLY recommended .
 This cutter is the best I have ever used . Cuts straight and true , as long as you take a second to make sure the stock is lined up . The clamp holds very firmly even if you have to make a few strokes -LRB- when cutting several layers of card stock . One thing I found useful was to use a square to line up the vertical guide . That way the cuts were exact . The perforating & scoring blades worked exactly as designed . I was really glad I chose this model after researching several out there .
 I had been using a basic Dahle rotary cutter for several years now for my photography projects . The blade grew dull and it was $ 25 -LRB- plus shipping -RRB- for a replacement . For what I consider to be a reasonable additional amount I decided to buy the Carl 12210 instead of the replacement blade . SO HAPPY !!! This is a really nice step up and I am glad I made the purchase.Some highlights that I am appreciating
 I had researched this cutter and when I received it I was even more pleased with it 's preference . I cut a lot of card-stock and it is very precise and easy to use .
 Wow , what a beauty ! A previous reviewer stated that it cuts like a hot knife through butter , and boy was he right ! I tried five pieces of cardstock and it goes through them neatly on an easy back-and-forth pass , three beautifully smooth cut pieces of cardstock on one pass . So smooth that I ca n't tell the cut side from the original , and that says it all . Love the clamp-down mechanism , this makes so much sense!It does n't matter that I just received this trimmer , in comparison to the Fiskars trimmers -LRB- I have three of them and reviewed the rotary trimmer , and none of them were cheap -RRB- this is light years above the competition . It 's a fairly large piece compared to the compact units that have only an arm to measure larger pieces of paper , so for quick and small adjustments I 'll be using the Fiskars as well . But I ca n't wait to put this Carl trimmer to use when I get back into serious trimming.This is a quality product , no cheap flimsy thingie . Highly recommended.Update 14 December 2011 : I am more in love with this trimmer than ever . It cuts through thick stacks -LRB- as thick as it can hold -RRB- in a few quick passes , and every sheet is cut smooth and straight . Saves me so much time and paper since I do n't have to re-cut anything . Worth every cent and then some , you get what you pay for !
 Like the cutter overall . Much better than the Fiscars cutter it replaced . The paper stop could be a little more secure . It should extend across the cutting surface and be able to anchor on both ends so that it stays straight on multiple cuts . That is the only complaint , otherwise an excellent cutter .
 I bought this to cut 8.5 x 14 paper in half for some teaching books I am making , so I needed a reliable clean cut every time , and this trimmer delivers ! The magnetic guide holds strongly and once you take the time -LRB- and test it out -RRB- to set it up exactly as needed , you are ready to go . The clamp is so easy to use and locks the paper very securely so there is absolutely no shifting . With the raised edges on the base , you have 2 edges holding the paper -LRB- the edge plus the magnetic guide -RRB- so it is easy to make sure it is positioned properly before locking . Even people with little hand strength can use this cutter because it is so easy to lock and slice . The cut is so clean that it is difficult to tell which end has been cut and which is the uncut side ! I look forward to many years of using this fantastic reliable product .
 I needed a cutter to make tags for my business as well as for cards so I needed something that kept the paper in place . I am very happy with this cutter .
 I was sick and tired of the old-fashioned `` arm '' cutters - so I finally convinced my boss to let me order this one - it 's GREAT - our cuts are perfect every time !
 The church purchased this for the new bulletins . The reply slips are on the bulletins , and we perforate the reply slips so that they can be torn off and less inserts are used . Today , I have been testing it . The only thing I do n't like about it is the fact that it will only perforate 8 sheets of paper at a time -LRB- reason for 4 stars rather than 5 -RRB- , even though it is supposed to cute 30 at a time ; that is misleading . The church wo n't be using this trimmer for straight cuts because it already has a cutter for that . I may have to put the straight edge one on just to see how many sheets it will cut with that -LRB- 8 or 30 -RRB- . I like the locking because it can be difficult sometimes to keep paper from moving .
 I have a home business and this paper cutter is perfect for my use . It has a Magnetic Strip to line up paper for continuous cutting.I put 6 Card Stock sheets in and slide the cutter twice , works great . It 's very smooth cutting and has printed measurement for convenience as4x6 , 5x7 etc. . Very sturdy and easy to use and comes with the extra blades . Ordered one day , email conformation the next morning and received itthe same day , GREAT CUSTOMER SERVICE AND SHIPPING .
 The pejorative criticisms concering the magnetic adjustable stop allayed any potential disappointment with this feature . I can live without that functionality , for now , but can see how others would not be able to to . The rest of this tool is quite well thought through . The numerous markings , clamp down feature , sturdy rail , etc. . In particular , I would point out that the yellow plastic cutting guide is quite useful in positioning the edge of materials to be cut . It is spot on accurate and very precise . Any material that I have aligned and clamped down with the right edge of that guide got cut exactly along the edge of that guide . The yellow color and transparancy I found to be quite helpful in using this . I believe this is a new feature added to the older design .
 This was purchased as a gift for an avid card maker . Saves time , by letting you cut multiples . This product is durable . I also have one for myself that I purchased over 8 years ago and it 's still in perfect condition with lots of use .
 This paper cutter really works ! It grips the paper tightly during the cuts , it has a clear paper guide so you can actually see the paper to precisely line up a cut , and it has a great measurement grid . I use it for cutting photo paper and card stock and it does a great job . I love it ! I 'd recommend it to anyone . I 've had three other brands of paper cutters in the last six years , and this is by far the best -LRB- the rest are getting recycled -RRB- . The other paper cutters let the paper slip around , resulting in uneven or wavy cuts . Not so with this one ! There 's also a moveable magnet bar to hold paper at a certain measurement -LRB- like 5-1/2 inches -RRB- so you do n't have to worry about lining somethig up every time -- great for making multiples of the same cuts . It 's worth the price , compared to how much I spent for the inferior paper cutters over the years . I do wish there was an instruction booklet to expain how to change blades , etc. but I 'll look online .
 Very pleased with this paper cutter/trimmer . It 's heavy-duty -- cuts through card stock easily -LRB- although with more than one page , it takes more than one pass . But not a problem . -RRB- This was a good purchase for our small business -- I would buy it again !
 If you have been used to the guillotine type paper cutter and the attendant problem trying to slice off a very narrow strip you will absolutely flip over this rotary cutter and trimmer . It gives new definition to the word trim . I was working on a project recently where I had to trim less than 1/16 '' from several pages . With the old fashion guillotine trimmer it was simply impossible . The cut would start OK but about half way through the slice it failed miserably . Try to do this with several pages at a time and results are even worse.This led me to look for a better solution . I remembered several years back when I had used a rotary paper trimmer at the local Kinko and how impressed I was how smoothly each cut was made . But I also knew that the cost of the model trimmer they had was probably beyond my means . So I bought a cheaper version of a rotary trimmer from the local office supply store that was made by Fisker . It was an improvement over the guillotine type but still left a lot to be desired.All this was before the internet and Amazon.Fast forward a number of years . I found myself putting together a project that involved a great deal more precision trimming than anything I had encountered previously and the Fisker just would n't do the job accurately enough . So I started looking again only this time on the internet . This is where I found the rotary cutter made by Carl and after reading the glowing reviews I bought one . As the time honored saying goes ... and I never looked back . Nuff said!You can add me to the growing list of extremely satisfied customers .
 I ordered this trimmer to help make wedding invitations . It arrived on time and has been a pleasure to use . The construction is solid and the design allows for very precise cuts . The magnetic guide is useful as well . The day-glo green guide shows you exactly where the blade will cut . A good tool .
 I have been living with my old Fiskars paper trimmer for years now , just waiting for it to break so I could buy a new one . It was not longer cutting straight -LRB- 1/16 of an inch off from the top of the page to the bottom , which is not a huge deal unless you 're mildly perfectionistic - is that a word ? -RRB- , so for my birthday this year I started searching for a new trimmer even though the Fiskars trimmer was not dead - just needed to be retired.There are so many options available that it took me a long time . There are incredibly expensive trimmers and super cheapy trimmers . This one fell sort of in the middle an I am so happy I bought it ! I pulled it out of the box , read the instructions and found a piece of paper to test it out . I can not believe how super easy and smooth the cutting is ! Perfectly straight line too ! I do n't usually cut more than two or three pieces at a time and it does that with ease . I do n't even need to push down on the handle . It is indeed , like another reviewer said , like a hot knife through butter.Also , I saw some complaints about the magnetic bar that can be used as a paper guide . I have found this guide to be extremely helpful . My paper slides right up to the bar and the magnet is strong enough so that the bar does n't slip.I would absolutely recommend this to friends and am super happy I made this choice .
 I received this cutter yesterday and think it 's great . Cuts clean and easy to use . Heavy base and has a magnet guide , very smart.I just ordered it three days ago and got it yesterday TWO DAY DELIVERY UPS GROUND . Good Job
 I have recently started printing my own photos and have found this invaluable . It has layout marks for all common picture sizes and a fence to make sure you have things lined up just right.My wife , a teacher , has also found many uses for this getting materials ready for her kids . She was very happy the day I got it.It cuts cleanly , quickly and accurately - what more could you ask for ?
 I received this trimmer in the nick of time while I was preparing for a major Art Show . It was very useful for the smaller prints , but is not quite large enough for the 11x14 prints that I also sell . While the lock feature at times can be a bit laborious it also insures that the paper is cut straight-something that my last rotary printer had a problem with . In all it works well , especially for small photo trimming .
 Everything is perfect and as described - I just wish it could cut wider paper ... Ah well . Still love it !
 After I learned how to use it , it was very easy to used . I cut five pieces of110 lb of card weight paper and it worked very well . I would recommend this product very highly .
 This is a nice trimmer . Cuts smooth through several sheets of heavy cardstock with no problems . Comes with extras like 3 blades and the perf blade . Also an extra cutting strip .
 I bought this for the replacement for a cheap paper trimmer . This one is much better.Since it uses rotary blade instead of regular scissor like blade , this trimmer is much lighter than regular ones . Also , it can cut up to 30 sheets , way more than my previous trimmer . Another good thing is the cutter is replaceable , so you do n't have to throw away the whole trimmer when the cutter wears out .
 It is not the best trimmer to pick up and take to a crop because of it 's size , but I use it a lot at home esp . when I am cutting several sheets of paper at a time . It holds the paper fast so all the paper is the same size . Cutting surface is light colored so the measurements are easy to read . -LRB- I have had trimmers where I could not read the numbers -RRB- The bar on the left helps to hold the papers in position . I have finally found a dependable trimmer .
 I am getting used to the new system and adjusting the blade before and after each cut . I like the settings with the paper bar , and the Carl does cut very well.pam silva
 Really good cutter . Sharp edges . Good paper holder lock . Really good cutter . Sharp edges . Good paper holder lock.Really good cutter . Sharp edges . Good paper holder lock .
 I bought this to cut my kids ' school pictures . It takes trial and error to find the exact cut line , but this trimmer is much better than the Fiskar rotary I bought and returned -LRB- it would not consistently cut straight -RRB- . I took one star off because the cutting board strip is dislodged a little too easily ; but keep an eye on it and you should be OK .
 Got this cutter today and I allready love it.It is the best cutter I ever used . I had 2 otherbrands and they were clumzy and the cuts were nottrue.Very Happy !
 I have ordered these mechanical pencils twice already from Amazon , another two times from local office supply store . My students -LRB- middle school -RRB- really love these mechanical pencils for the reason that the barrels of these mechanical pencils are thick in diameter and therefore easier for my students to hold when they are writing -LRB- so they have claimed -RRB- . I ca n't give these pencils a 5-star because a few of these pencils came apart before they were even used . Another thing that I 'd like to mention about these mechanical pencils is that they are Made in China .
 I have used this pencil for years . I usually buy it at the local Office Supply store . However , my teenager has recently been hijacking my pencils , so we needed more pencils.This order cam in 6 packages of 4 pencils . Each package had 2 colors of pencil - 2 blue and 2 fuchsia . Where fuchsia would be between an hot pink and a purple . Since there are 2 of us using the pencils , we just split the colors evenly and split the extra lead and erasers evenly.One pencil of the 24 was completely broken and unusable straight from delivery . Take that into consideration when calculating your per-pencil price . The manufacturing standards for this batch do n't seem to be very high.The pencils themselves have a nice cushion for holding while writing , the 0.7 sized lead is a good size . Not so thick that your letters are huge , but no so thin that the lead breaks when you write . Clicking the top advances the lead . The eraser is under the cap at the top.Overall , these are good pencils , but the manufacturing specs are n't that great and you will probably get delivered one or two pencils that do n't work .
 my Jeeps tailight was expensive to replace so I tried this tape and it worked well . It has great adhesive properties and looked good on it with light showing nice and red . You have to look twice to see it on there . A few dollars is better than 100.00 for a used tail light lense for my Jeep Cherokee !
 As simple as something like this is , it was hard for me to find . I searched the internet and only found very expensive versions of it and they were n't even the size I was looking for . Then , I bumped into Itoya 's book -LRB- 9x12 -RRB- . It 's so cheaply priced , but it certainly does n't look like it . The cover is made out of a plastic based material . Which will survive water for sure . Very sturdy , yet light . Actually , it got a bit heavy only until I placed the pictures in it . The sleeves are thin . You could rip them easily if not handled properly . But on the other hand that 's a big plus ; they allow a very clear view of your work . Some may not like the thinness , but I do n't mind . I 've had some books in which the sleeves were `` very resistant '' -LRB- thick -RRB- . And as a result people could n't really appreciate the print ; which then , defeats the whole purpose of even having a presentation book . Do remember that this is a presentation book , not a baseball bat ; so I do n't see why you would need sleeves thicker than the ones included in this book . The other nice touch is that it already includes black sheets in each sleeve as well.I used it yesterday for the first time and booked a book cover deal : -RRB- Bottom line , it 's a great price , for a great product . I will definitely order more soon . Now , if you want something super fancy , would prefer leather , this and that ; then this product 's not for you . Otherwise , you wo n't regret it .
 Length :
 I 'm a fairly avid drawer , and I wanted something to showcase my art all in one place . I needed the portfolio pages to be clear so that my art may be viewed easily . So I chose this product since it had the exact same dimensions of the paper I used to draw on . The artwork can be viewed easily through the plastic film , as if it were n't there .
 Simple , accessible , useful . I use this to hold important documents that I need to have visual access to quickly , so I can flip through , as well as convenient to bring as a portfolio for an interview or administrative purposes . It 's held up well , and the simple clean design makes it very presentable .
 This was exactly as described . Great quality and best price out there ! Already booking jobs after completing the book !!
 I needed one of these bad boyz to showcase my artwork . Im trying to gain an aprentership for tattooing . Its inexpensive and decent quality .
 This same portfolio goes for twice the price at my local art supply . So price was very good through amazon.I received it quickly . It does the job .
 This portfolio is great for the student or for someone wanting a simple , easy , fast , and economical way to present your images . I use them for shows as a catalog of previous works .
 I love this thing :-RRB- makes it easy to carry around my art to show and sell . It holds up good too .
 I 'm using this book to keep my grandson 's pre-school artwork , etc. . Could n't find anything like it locally -LRB- keep in mind I live in Anchorage -RRB- but this does the trick .
 thanks alot . . great storage for my fashion illustrations , i will be purchasing more from this buyer in the future . . this product is very durable and versatile ... these portfolios will be used for years to come . .
 I bought this portfolio for my daughter to display her fashion designs , and she loves it . It is nicely bound and there is n't too much glare off of the pages .
 The quality is excellent compared to may similar Portfolio 's I have seen . The cover is plastic as pictured but that is part of what keeps the price reasonable . It also is part of what keeps this durable and protects the products . I use these for both protecting & preserving both original artwork & collectible original advertising/advertising photographs . I needed something that allowed me to enjoy the photography I was collecting but preserved & protected it also . This nicely fit the bill . This item comes in a variety of sizes . This is great as some of my items are either original proofs or from older or foreign magazines . Sometimes these are beyond the standard 8x10 size . I have this portfolio in 4x6 , 5x7 , 8x10 , and 9x12 . I am able to protect my products , easily view them , & share them with other collectors/buyers . I plan on buying more of these to protect my original artwork and investment in my collection !
 I found these hard to find , I do n't know why that would be . They are an excellent product as a very reasonable price .
 This significant portfolio is very handy when it comes to storing art I print out every so often . Very good and would recommend to other artists that need to present their stuff .
 This is a great folder for oversized sheet music . I use it for band music . It is the perfect size and the music slides in easily and creates my own book . I looked everywhere for this type of product and this one was just what I was looking for and more .
 Itoya Products are always great , well made and suit fit all my needs . Have used them for years and would recommend them to anyone as a top quality product .
 My paintings I wish to carry in this case are 9x12 . The dimensions do not explain if this holds 9x12 or if the entire portfolio is 9x12 . Can someone please answer this question for me ?
 This is a great way to display the art from my 9 x 12 sketchbook ! It looks really classy and professional
 In retirement , I have returned to one of my passions
 These are not high quality by any means but they serve their purpose . I just needed something to hold my 8x12 prints and these fit the bill .
 This is exactly what I needed . I was looking for an option to put all of my printed advertisements . Perfect ! i ordered another
 I love it!its an awesome temporary model portfolio until i revive my permanent one from my agencythank you
 This is really good , and i comfortable for in and out of the book , it has more sleeves and im able to keep everyhting in this portfolio
 I have purchased several of these in different sizes and I 'm very happy with them . They provide attractive archival-quality storage and they each hold 48 sheets or large photos . There are two different styles . One is plain cover with bound edges . The other -LRB- shown here -RRB- has a sleeve at the spine for convenient labeling , and has extra pockets inside the covers . I prefer the second style , but it depends on how you will use the Portfolio . I do recommend this item highly !
 This is a nice portfolio . I got it for my daughter to display her artwork and photography . She was very pleased with it . It is simple but does its job .
 I suck at taking care of my art work and when I finally gave in to get portfolios , I got this . It makes me feel pretty professional and everything is a lot neater now . Just got ta buy more to finish organizing the rest of my artwork .
 The sleeves are soft and hold my images in place without excessive glare . It even has a pocket folder on the inside the front -LRB- would have liked to have on in the back cover , too -RRB- to store extra things . The matte cover is nice and does n't scratch or show fingerprints . Very professional looking and gives a good impression if you have visual presentations or even to store professional-grade photos .
 I had searched a long time for the perfect book to create a special photo album and am extremely satisfied with the product . It was everything the ad said and more . Great shipping response and interaction .
 A very handsome photo presentation medium . Some folks are more impressed by the book than by contents : -RRB-
 Absolutely fantastic portfolio . I have been using it since i received it . I had been using a combination briefcase and portfolio from Samsonite , but it was not working and felt a bit unprofessional . So with this Prat Paris Portfolio case , everything seems to fall into place and it is a wonderful addition for my needs .
 The product arrived in a timely fashion and is exactly what the description said it would be .
 This portfolio is a great value . It looks professional and protects your work with the zippered compartment and reinforced corners . There is an elastic band inside that you can tuck presentation boards behind that do n't have the holes for the rings . It 's easy to add or remove pages with the multi-ring system . The size is large enough to display items without looking crowded -LRB- unless you have large posters or something -RRB- but does not make people struggle to clear enough desk space to open it . It gets heavy with several pages in it , so it 's not like you just hold it open like a book without laying it down .
 This is a great portfolio case . I purchased it as a birthday gift for my son . He is able to keep all of his projects and photos now in one nice place . It makes it perfect for him to carry around his projects to show potential clients . It has helped him look more professional . It seems to be strong and sturdy and looks professional .
 I am very pleased with this portfolio . It looks very professional and clean . I would definitely recommend it to others . It cost a little more than I would have liked , though . But overall I 'm very satisfied .
 I purchased this pen as a Christmas present and my friend loves it.The Tiger 's Eye design looks amazing.In fact based on appearance alone my friend is afraid that someone might steal his pen.He 's a writer and he 's happy with the way it writes , he has even drawn with it.As a gift , this pen got over five stars.Last but not least the price was right too .
 What 's not to like ? Just like the cover I used 45 years ago when I wrote reports in HS . They are n't heavy duty , so they wo n't last forever but for my CCD classes , that 's ok . Do n't know why the ` light ' blue colored covers are so much less expensive than the other colors , but I 'll take them !
 Thick covers with double supported connectors for 3 hole punched paper . Good price , fast shipping .
 It is easy to use and soft . It does not scratch inside of my bag.Its Cover is not too soft like very thin plastic report covers but hard enough to stand on bookshelves , so I am very satisfied with it .
 This product was impossible to find in stores so I had to buy via online . It would have been nice if the vendor -LRB- Tong Store -RRB- had stated upfront that they use the US Postal Service for shipments . It took almost three weeks to get my package . But it was a very good price and product works just fine .
 This is the second Panasonic phone / fax machine I 've owned . I was satified with its performance and durability . The replacement unit is smaller -LRB- that 's a good thing -RRB- and it looks good too . The remote hand receiver is easy to use and the sound is clear . The instruction manual on the other hand is complex and you have to carefully read it to set up the phone . Over all I 'm happy with the product .
 I was looking for a device that would act as a phone receptionist for a small business . I wanted it to be able to recieve messages , faxes , and be accessable for me to check messages from remote locations . It does all of that very well and much more . What impressed me the most was that while the instrument does many things , and while the instruction book is quite long , it is so well done that even I , being electronically challanged , was able to set up and program it .
 I love it !!! The fax comes through FAST and clear , for a digital answering system the voices come through VERY clear . Perfect small business machine for the money !
 This machine is more user friendly than the last Panasonic fax machine I used . I was a little disappointed that there were only 50 spaces in the phone book .
 Panasonic products hold true to their integrity . They always produce what they promise . Great phone reception , as well as a super clear fax!Couldn ' t ask for more ~
 I am now aware that no manufacture makes a great multifunctional fax , answering machine , phone . When I started my business back in the 90 's I purchased a great machine and got a lot of use out of it but with the way technology is these days this type of machine is not in demand anymore so the manufactures do n't produce top notch products . This machine does an adequate job . I recommend it since there really is n't anything better .
 Received the laser pointer in a timely manner . It works as intended in our classroom environment . The price was right , so am satisfied with the shopping experience .
 I have had Panasonics and AT&T phones . This unknown brand -LRB- to me -RRB- is the best phone I have purchased . Everything works and is simple in setup . Maybe the written directions could be better , but one can figure it out . In my opinion , it is the best 2 line phone on the market at this price ! I would highly recommend the Aastra 9120 phone to anyone , especially a small business user . No more mass produced phones at Staples or Office Max or any other box stores !
 If you are just starting a business this is an awesome starter phone . I was reluctant to order this given i 'd never heard of Aastra but after seeing some of the good prices compared to other similar phones , I decided to go with this one . So far I am very happy with my decision . Mechanically the phone works perfectly and sounds awesome . Setup is so quick compared to other phones I have looked at . Out of the box - setup is literally 10 minutes and you 're connected ! Speaker phone is pretty good . If you are on the border on whether to get this setup , I personally recommend it.Pros - Easy to use , simple/sleek design , easy redial , multiple lines and ring tones , conference calls , caller id , compactCons - does n't look the best but some may love the simplicity that this phone providesIn brief , this little phone will not disappoint , it 's the whole package in a compact phone .
 I bought this item from a different store and must say it is a purchase I am proud of . It has many ring tones and jingles that I took the time deciding on rather than settling for . The answering machine on this model is great , and noticing you have messages and listening to them are super easy . Volume control is wonderful . The handset is small but not too small . I have a little one and she loves to take it around and pretend talk without harming it a bit . The features are great and the manual is straight forward and easy to use . I highly recommend this one if you only need one cordless .
 I love how this phone fits in my hand , the heft and key positions make it very easy to dial single-handed . The clarity is very good , and it does not interfere with our wi-fi networks . The phone has a long reach too , and I can walk down to our dock and maintain a conversation . A few features I really like
 We have two Panasonic KX-TG5431 cordless phones in our house , and they are great ! My hearing is n't as keen as it was a few years ago , so the `` speaker phone '' option is great , however , I agree with another response that I ca n't turn off the speaker while talking . Um , my daughter wanted to discuss my husband 's birthday , so I had to go to another room and close the door , or , he could have heard our conversation . Oh , I just ordered another one as a gift to my sister in law from CA because she really likes my phone . I 'm one gift ahead for Christmas 2008 !! Anon Judie
 Great product . Simple . Works . Great features , clarity , and signal . I ca n't think of anything I would change in this product . It is highly recommended .
 I bought this phone about a yera and a half ago or so . I had been a sony phone fan , but they do not make phones anymore . After doing research all over the net , I decided to buy this panasonic model . It usually has great clarity , but over the past few months I have started to notice some static ... but it comes and goes . The past week or so I have noticed a weird echo , that I absolutely ca n't deal with . But the phone is pretty cool . It has a bunch of different rings tones , and you can assign different ring tones to different callers . You can go to this web site and buy rings tone and they upload to the phone without having to use any connection to the computer . It has the digital answerer , which if you are in another room , you can use the handset to listen to the messages if you want to screen the calls . The handset is smallish , easy to hold . I leave it off the charger for DAYS and the battery never seems to get low . So overall I really liked the phone a lot until this weird echo business . Another thing that it could use ... I also have voice mail , and use the answerer to over ride the voice mail by having it pick up on two rings if I really want to screen , but if I shut off the answerer to use my voice mail , the only way to know if I have voice mail is to pick up the phone and listen for the message dial tone . There 's not a little light that blinks to tell you that you have a voice mail like my last two phones did . Oh well . I will see if the echo goes away , and if it does n't , I will probably look for another panasonic .
 We love this phone ! We did break the first one , my wife dropped it -LRB- after about 30 previous drops -RRB- and for some reason the ear piece quit working . We found a refurbished unit on Amazon for $ 30 and replaced it : -RRB- Answering machine is perfect , it 's very easy to use , digital , and has instantaneous button reaction if you do n't want to listen to a certain message -LRB- you can skip messages like on a DVD player , NEXT , NEXT , NEXT -RRB- . Buy it , I recommend it !
 The phone works very well but the volume on the phone isnt high enough . The speaker volume is also low , and there is no way we can turn off the speaker while on call once we turn it on .
 I am very careless , so I just broke this pencil months ago.To tell the truth , this pencil if very stable and very good.Its weight makes it more comfortable to draw . I recommended this pencil for anyone who likes drawing or wants to draw.Its clip makes it more stable in my shirt , more mobile and convenient when I move.It is the best pencil ever because of the security clip . Whenever I do not use it , just open the clip and the tip will automatically go back in inside preventing the pencil from being broken by dropping.It is best until I carelessly use the 0.7 mm tip for this 0.5 mm tip pencil.It was such a pain not being able to get the pencil stuck tip out . And that is why I say I am very careless.I regret buying this very good pencil and broke it , not broke by dropping but broke by sticking the tip.I recommend this pencil for all you amazon citizens , but NOT for those who are careless.Be careful if you buy one . : -LRB- HTH - Hope this Help : -RRB-
 I like this pencil . This pencil has nice heft and feel to it . it feels substantial unlike most where it feels too light in your hand . The length is also key , the manufacturer placed weights at the extreme ends of the pencil that enforces the feeling of substance . The feel encourages the user for bold strokes and sureness . Of course all this `` feeling '' is moot if the lead breaks at the slightest exertion for force - to my delight it did not . The grip were the correct diameter and friction . The elongated ferrule is perfect for scale edge guided stroke . All in all great pencil .
 I 'm a `` pen snob '' married to a pen snob . Years ago , when I was a young engineer , a friend of mine who is a professional draftsman -LRB- piping designer , technically -RRB- gave me one of Pentel 's basic .7 mm mechanical pencils to help me make better field drawings . I still have that pencil and I still use it . I was given an `` upgrade '' to one of Pentel 's dressier mechanical pencils , but it left something lacking . When I lost that one , I ordered this one . This is a wonderful pencil . No , it 's not a lead holder , it 's just a mechanical pencil , but it 's a nice one . It suffers from the same problems as all Pentel pencils -- if you do n't like that , order something that 's not Pentel . I like Pentel pencils .
 Back before we had computers , I used to do all of my mechanical design on a drafting table . Now , I still have occasion to use a pencil and this is just the nicest , most ergonomic .5 mm pencil I have ever used.The clutch holds really tight , and the retraction feature is way cool and useful .
 This is the best one . I also bought a Kerry , which was too short and not grippy and not a great design overall . The graphgear is the best design . It grips really strong . The point is retractable . The pencil is made of metal and it seems really strong . And it looks great . Buy this one ! It 's perfect !
 I do n't know all about pencils , but I am rather picky when it comes to how it feels in my hand as well as how it glides along the paper . This pencil is very strong with sharp looks for use in business . The Pentel lies in your hand comfortably , with just the right amount of pads and grips . I really enjoy how smoothly it glides across the paper line after line for hours on end . Bottom line
 Who would think in this age of futuristic computers , super smart phones , and gorgeous 3-D CAD software that a drafting-style mechanical pencil still receives great reviews with phrases such as , `` long term relationship '' , `` I love these pencils '' , `` pleasure to use '' , and `` just feels right the very moment you take this pencil '' ? It was a good purchase . Before I even drew my first line , I noticed right away that the pencil has a distinctive balance point just above the knurled-metal finger-grip section . The pencil is shaped with an extended tip that allows me to see exactly where the line is being drawn . Styling is high-tech engineering with a brushed metal barrel . Although pencils with other lead diameters are available , the 0.5 mm pencil is my choice when compared to the 0.3 mm -LRB- draws almost invisible lines -RRB- and the 0.7 mm pencils.The last time I wrote about a pencil -LRB- wood # 2 -RRB- , it was in a college creative writing class years ago . I think I received a C - on that assignment . If I had written about the Pentel Graphgear 1000 , maybe I would have received an A + . Why ? The Pentel Graphgear 1000 is a wonderfully crafted drafting-style mechanical pencil that renders great ideas into sketches and encourages creative doodles in an almost magical way .
 Excellent pencil . Comfortable to write with an has an ingenious design . I 've used many mechanical pencils , and with each one I 'd always end up wasting lead by snapping off bits -LSB- of lead -RSB- when the pencil was n't in use . This pencil has a feature which retracts the lead when you open the pocket clip -LRB- to presumably put in your pocket -RRB- . Well worth the price , and would recommend !
 After getting tired of pencils that would always wear out in a couple of months , I decided to finally buy a quality one , and this seemed to be it . Yes the outer construction is aluminum which does make it rugged , and the grip is just `` grippy '' enough so your fingers do n't slide . The retractable tip is a very needed and useful feature , as it keeps accidental damage down , and makes it easier to carry since it does n't poke into anything . Every click of the lead advance only lets a very little bit of lead through , and it holds it very well , so you can press down quite hard without worrying about it slipping back in or breaking.The thing that really makes me mad about this pencil though is that , besides not shipping with at least a sealed package , for costing $ 14.50 the inner tube , which is responsible for extracting the metal tip and holding and advancing the lead , is PLASTIC , and since the clip which locks the tip out fits into a slot in that plastic tube to hold it out , every time you retract the tip it eats away ever so slightly at that plastic tube , so depending on how heavy use you give it it might not last a year or so . It would have cost them maybe $ 0.02 more to put a little metal reinforcement piece on the top of the slot , or maybe $ 0.10 more to make the inner barrel out of aluminum.If you can find this thing cheaper , maybe $ 8 - $ 9 , then it really fits the price , but at $ 14.50 it is a bit overpriced .
 After using the 0.5 version of this pencil , I decided to switch to a finer point . It 's just that my writing is very tiny , and I like to have my pencils being capable of that . Besides this pencil , I would also recommend the Pentel Smart Kelly , which is a great pencil I usually buy my friends .
 THis is a very good pencil . I have bought several as presents for people that like to write with mechanical pencils . Everybody I have purchased it for or that has used it likes it .
 I have been using this pencil for about a week now and I really like it . My only complaint is that it should have an eraser and also extra graphite for it . However , it is the best mechanical pencil I have ever owned .
 I love this pencil . I was angry and pressed to hard and the metal tip snapped off . I feel lost , I feel like I betrayed the pencil that has never failed me . I 'm writing this post to try and obtain forgiveness from my pencil , wherever it may be . I 'm sorry . I ordered a new one but until it comes in , I 'm stuck writing with a normal POC pencil .
 It may be a bit costly , but it is definitely worth it . Great grip , great and sturdy design , and nice clip function . Looks awesome too .
 The Pentel Graph Gear 1000 is one of the best pencils around . I have all sizes and they are a pleasure to use . This time I bought one for my son who is in eighth grade . He really likes using it for any assignments that require pencil . I highly recommend these pencils . I 've been buying Pentel drafting pencils for over thirty years . They know how to make a good pencil !
 I 'm usually really picky on pencils . My standards are mechanical , sharp , good looking.This one has it all ... Although I wish they can make different colors for .5 because I like blue ... but they only come with .7 , which is a bit too thick for my liking . yes , i am really picky.Other than that , this pencil is perfect !! I love it so much I bough a .7 pencil and a .3 just for a good collection . I 'm convinced that I will never find a pencil that I will like more than this . Just beautiful , durable , and useful !
 Although I disagree with some things , like the way the mass is disposed or the length of its tip , this drafting pencil is gon na make you feel happier while writing or doing graphs or calculations .
 The Pentel Graph Gear 1000 is a great mechanical pencil . Some of the best features are the rugged metal construction and the ability to retract the lead to protect it . I have two of these
 A friend of mine has this pencil and said I really needed to try it . I looked at it and thought it was a very nice looking pencil , but how different could it be from the dozens of others I have tried over the years ? As soon as I picked it up , I knew it was in a class by itself . I knew I had to own one and ordered one from Amazon immediately . Far and away the best mechanical pencil I have ever used . Great comfortable grip with a perfect balance and weight . I found it to be a great value and would 've expected to pay more for what I got . The lead dispenses very smoothly in equal lengths at just the right amount , without having the lead slide out loose while clicking . There are two minor knocks I have . The first is the that the clip could have been a little more stylish . The pencil looks expensive and well crafted , with the exception of the clip , which looks like and afterthought and thrown on with something out of a left-over 's bin from the 70 's . However it does the intended job and retracts very well . The other is the lead weight indicator . You have to unscrew the tip slightly to turn the indicator barrel . Twisting the barrel without loosening the cap will just unscrew the cap anyway . Personally I tend not to change weights often and would not be something I would use much . The over all feel and function of this pencil more than makes up for these 2 minor issues . I would highly recommend it to anyone that draws for extended periods . This is the pencil I have been searching for over the years .
 This is just about as perfect as it gets . The weight of the pencil is hefty without being overburdening . The retractable tip is excellent as well and has probably already saved myn from demise.My only wish would be for it to include a auto-rotational device so that the lead wears evenly and does not break . This is problem that is common among most mechanical pencils , so you ca n't entirely blame The Pentel Graph Gear 1000 .
 Lost my old one , and had to replace it . Good feel for writing . Not for everyone , but if you want a comfortable to use pencil this does work .
 My son bought this originally from Japan , but lost it . He loves this mechanical pencil so much , he found on amazon and I bought it for him .
 I 've been incredibly happy with this pencil ; it 's a substantial upgrade from the disposable Papermate yellows . The weight and feel is fantastic and the lead is easy to load into the point . It 's great to have a substantial drawing instrument after being used to the plastic papermates or the red col-erase pencils .
 My oldest daughter really likes using this style of pencil . She likes the fell of it , and also likes the look of it .
 Stainless steel pencil with knurled grip . The point retracts fully , leaving nothing to poke a hole in a shirt pocket.I bought two and my colleagues liked them so well , they were going to buy some of their own .
 I love the retracting tip . I use this in my wood shop and it is very nice to be able to quickly retract the tip and protect the lead and pencil tip.The feel is fantastic .
 Pentel 's Graph Gear 1000 is a popular choice for many drafters -LRB- and regular users who just like to have a flashy pencil -RRB- however I personally was n't the greatest fan . When I first purchased the Graph Gear , I had purchased it for the idea of comfort , with the rubber bumps on the grip . These actually felt strange to me , as I was used to fully knurled bodies -LRB- hence my move to Uni 's SHIFT series -RRB- . However my girlfriend enjoyed using it , and so I ended up gifting the pencil to her to use instead.I will admit that Pentel knows its way around pencil designs . While conventional , the design is still certain a looker and will receive many comments , compared to the more subtle SHIFT , with the alligator clip clip , and the unique looking grip . The durability is great as well , but like most other drafting pencils -LRB- aside from yet again , the SHIFT -RRB- it is susceptible to end-all damage at the tip if dropped off a table . A bend in the tip that elongated will result in lead tension , and more breaks , rendering the pencil useless early on.As a low cost option , The GG1K definitely takes the cake . But if you want something more , I personally throw my money at Uni-Ball 's Shift series . And now as suppliers begin to send the Shift into the US , it is becoming more and more affordable to own one .
 a fine pencil and I will buy more . Bought one for myself and two for my college student daughter . Nice !
 The pencil is so good it is incredible . Good for making the object lines on drawings and clear printing . Love it .
 I absolutely love this Pentel Graph Gear 1000 pencil . The one I ordered happens to have a .07 lead , but they make it in a .03 , .05 and .09 also . This pencil has a very solid feel to it . And although it is not a lightweight , it is n't super heavy either . Great styling , great pencil lead advancement mechanism . It also has a feature that allows the entire lead holding assembly to retract up into the pencil for storing in your pocket , which eliminates the tendency to poke holes in clothing or worse , bend the small tip of the pencil . But what I love most is the grip . It is not too small in diameter and not too big either . I am not a big fan of the large `` rubbery '' feeling grips . But some of the smaller - non-rubbery grips tend to slip in your grasp if not held tightly enough . This pencil has the perfectly sized grip and has small rubbery nubs that penetrate through the outer aluminum shell just enough to stabilize your grip so you do n't have to grasp the pencil too tightly . Overall the best mechanical pencil I have tried - and I have a lot of different `` premium '' mechanical pencils . For anyone looking for the best in mechanical pencils , your search is over - buy this pencil ! Nice job Pentel . -LRB- And , no I do n't work for Pentel - I am a contractor who does a lot of drafting work -RRB- .
 I have a few Staedtlers -LRB- 925 variants -RRB- a Rotring 600 and a couple other mechanical pencils , and the one I take to school or throw in the back pack is this Pentel Mechanical Pencil . Its great , a retractable nib is awesome . Gone are the days about having to worry about bending the nib . Not the fanciest or nicest in terms of build quality but one can fully dismember it to pick out a jam -LRB- only 1 in a few months of ownership -RRB- and of coarse like I said the nib is retractable , an excellent value , does its job and not a bad price either ; two thumbs up !!!
 While the old art of drafting out architectural plans is almost a thing of the past , one should not consider it dead yet . These mechanical pencils are designed for the architect on the go , it that there retractible tip design allows for you to feel free to be as clumsy with the thing as you should like with out the fear that you should ben the tip , as i myself have done time and time again with a 10-13 dollar koo-i-Noor . while there may be many of you who still prefer a lead-holder over a mechanical pencil i can understand your point of view ... however these provide an accurate an easy way a creating the ideal line weight .
 A great pencil compared to the Graphgear500s . This pencil has a somewhat rubberish or silicon like material that you see in the picture . It is a little heavier than the old one , which is nice . It feels sturdy and I like the way that you can change the number located near the center manually on the pencil from HB to 2B or another type , it just looks better that way . The pencil tip retracts which is a nice feature that the the 500 did not have . Great product , and it is definitely worth a look , especially for the price .
 As a Mechanical Engineer -LRB- both professionally at my internship and in school -RRB- I would have to say that I go through Pencils faster than most people on the Planet . The 0.9 mm Lead size is perfect . Throughout the course of the day I go from writing several consecutive hours of lecture notes to drafting -LRB- which requires a sturdy and accurate pencil . Any wobble in the tip is more trouble than it 's worth . This pencil eliminates that -RRB- and then back to hours of homework . I have yet to break the lead in ANY application . The all aluminum body is very rugged and , as far as pencils go , darn near indestructible . This is about as close to an old-fashioned wooden # 2 pencil that a mechanical pencil can get and still have the fine drawing lines . Despite the price I will be buying one more of these as soon as I 'm done typing this review . To be honest , the only question left to answer is why you are still reading this and have n't purchased one yet !!
 I was a bit hesitant in purchasing this mechanical pencil at first but what the heck , it 's worth a try , right?Indeed it was . I liked it so much that I never lost it . I liked it so much that I bought more erasers for it . I liked it so much that I bought more lead for it -LRB- get the 0.5 - it does wonders ! -RRB- . I liked it so much that I bought a second one in case someone steals my first one . I liked it so much that when my girlfriend asked if she could have it , I refused to give it to her -LRB- and bought her one -RRB- . So if I liked it that much , I think you may too .
 This is the best automatic pencil I 've ever used . It 's very rigid and precisse , also like the retractible tip . I use it for technical drawing in my Architect job .
 Pencils are my preferred writing instrument ... and these are my favorite . I have 4-5 scattered about my environs within easy reach . The tip and lead retract automatically when clipped to a pocket , the .9 mm lead rarely breaks even when borne down upon , the advance mechanism never slips , the pencil has dense and appropriate heft in the hand , and it looks great in a shirt pocket . It could be the best pencil you 'll ever use .
 This is the best mechanical pencil I 've ever own or can ever imagine owning . I used these pencils to do field work in southern africa and it held up like a champ and writes well - I 'm really liking the .7 lead size these days . This pencil feels solid , durable and is comfortable write with . Excellent !
 after playing around with a new hi-tech pencil , the uniball kuru toga , i felt it didnt really stand up to my graph gear 1000 .7 mm , but i did like the .5 mm size and decided to order the the equivalent . Not only did my pencil arrive the very next day , with free amazon prime shipping , but it actually took less than 24 hours for it to get to my doorstep -LRB- pheonix az-SLO ca . this is by far my new favorite pencil of all time . its a super sturdy pencil and you wont be able to tell a difference in lines from the kuru toga unless you use a magnifier . plus the gg1000 feels smoother when you draw a line . the retractable tip should definitely be the deciding factor if your trying to choose between this and the kuru toga . BEST PENCIL EVER
 ive been using profesionally working in comics and digital books , also i have the old version the 500 series 0.5 , wich i luv because its weight its so light , wish i recomend to people that like light mechanical pencils , but the improvement of series 1000 its a lot , they made it more durable and metalic , weights more and its less fragile.It will feel weird in your hand a bit , but in a couple of hours you will feel its an extra finger of your hand , which its a real cool thing when you get this sensation , it helps you to draw more confortably , the eraser i dont use it , i cant review that , ive never used eraser from mechanical pencils before , been using a 0.3 version and a 0.5 and they look brand new even with this years of hard work.Elegant and durable .
 This pencil is very soft to write , and it works perfectly after a year of use .
 The pencil feels great in your hand , the double textured grip is very helpful and controlling your writing , and hiding pencil tip keeps it from poking your leg through your pants or making a hole in your backpack.A bit on the expensive side , but you can do more than just draft . Great for sketching -LRB- with appropriate lead -RRB- , writing , drawing , note taking ,
 I love these pencils , but am only able to find them in university book stores where there is an engineering department . Thankfully , I found them on Amazon !
 It is indeed a great pencil . Great grip . Writes really smooth . The look is fancier than I would want in a pencil esp . because I am a Senior in Undergraduate program and sometimes makes me feel like primary school boy trying to show off . But except for that , it is indeed a great pencil .
 This is a great mechanical pencil - I also have the .7 and use it a little more than the .5 since the lead is not so easy to break.Between these two pencils , I use them for writing more than anything other than my keyboard . The tip on these pencils easily retracts , they are very comfortable to hold , and if you check the price from various sellers through Amazon you can find all three models for little more than half an Andrew Jackson , which is about 50 % of what other online sellers and some big-chain art stores are selling them for.If I were going to get just one however , I 'd go for the .7 mm , since its large enough not to break and small enough to not look like I 'm writing with a big black graphite stick .
 This mechanical pencil works very well and is a pleasure to use . It is substantial and not a cheap plastic knock off . You can set it to show the particular lead that you are using . I bought several and I would buy again - really like these pencils .
 The price was the best I could find on the web and the delivery was fast . It was for my grandson in college and he was thrilled with it . Thank you .
 I have been using Pentel mechanical pencils since 1977 , I used them for engineering drafting , and while I am studying , Pentel is one of the leading pen and pencil manufacturing in the world , beside that I am pen and pencil collector , I always buy the best .
 I was going through a mechanical pencil every couple of days or just dealing with one that did n't work properly . The cheap ones you find off the shelf typically let the lead slip or often the lead breaks sooner than it should . So , I finally decided to look for a good one . This one got good reviews . So , I tried it . I 'll never go back ! I use it all the time and it works flawlessly . The do n't even break the lead the way I used to . It 's probably because it comes out more precisely , so there is less lead on the end to bend and break .
 What can you say other than one great items , will never buy another cross in my life . . This may even last a lifetime . Awesome .
 Short and sweet , I 'd rather pay $ 12 for this and have it forever than pay $ 3 for a bunch of cheap ones I lose . It works consistently , is really nice to hold , and you never get that annoying `` slip '' where the graphite slides back into the pencil.I do n't know what kind of pedestal you can reasonably put a mechanical pencil on , but for any aspiring or current engineering major , put this at the top of your list . You will never lose it -LRB- you pay too much for it to be careless with it -RRB- , and you will fall in love it , as it feels much better in your hand that any cheaper disposable pencil . the lead and erasers are n't horribly expensive for it , however I really would consider getting a block eraser to use and letting the in-pencil eraser float around for emergencies or when you forget , it just is n't convenient for everyday use and gets used up far too quickly.Overall , I would n't want to go back to writing/drawing with anything else .
 Its a cool pencil , its fairly heavy , though not as heavy as I like ... I like the REALLY heavy mechanical pencils . That being said though it looks to be made very well , the entire pencil tip is retractable which is awesome , since i have bent the fine metal tip of mechanics before .
 By far the best mechanical pencil I have ever used!One thing I wondered after I got it , was the fact that the spring mechanism that pulls the pencil tip back up into the barrel is rather strong . I wondered if the pencil leads would break because of this intense movement ... so far I have yet to find a broken lead . Those who have used mechanical pencils before will know how annoying this is ... at least for me.One complaint tho ... the part of the barrel that has the window displaying the lead type is tricky . I believe the different lead types are simply displayed in order and the barrel is tightened or loosened to display the proper lead type . At the looser settings , mine seemed too loose . I wish there were a clicking mechanism of some sort adjusting the window rather than the way it is . I have simply ignored this feature for the most part since I rarely change lead types , but an engineering flaw nonetheless , I think . Still a GREAT pencil , and despite the flaw , worth every penny!Update
 In my opinion Pentel is the best manufacturer of mechanical pencil and that these Graph Gear 1000s are the top of the line . I use these for drafting and for drawing comic strips and yonkoma manga .
 In my opinion Pentel is the best manufacturer of mechanical pencil and that these Graph Gear 1000s are the top of the line . I use these for drafting and for drawing comic strips and yonkoma manga . I am very happy with the performance of these 0.3 mm pencils when using Pentel brand leads . The metal tips of these pens protect the lead from constantly breaking and save lead . Cheaper pencils , in my opinion , let the lead wiggle and snap off . 0.3 mm lead is hard to find in stores , but amazon carries it .
 These pencils are smooth and good for drawing ' I bought one for myself and one for my friend ` Really awesome '
 I got this pencil , because it seem to be a great quality looking pencil . I 'd say its nice , but not great . The body is metal , and its heavy for a pencil , balanced at the middle . It breaks up into many parts and has a nice long eraser , that is refillable . However the grip is n't that great , and is still slippery , and the inside is plastic , so not too too strong , and the weak point , i 'd say , is the clip . Its a pretty good clip , but can shift to an angle side to side and if it goes , the pencil will no longer work , for it is the clip that holds the retractable tip down . Without it , the pencil will remain retracted for good . Its a nice pencil , that looks good and feels secure , but really is n't , and the weight and grip make it uncomfortable .
 This mechanical pencil is a perfect 10 except for the retract , whic is not so bad once you get use to the fact that the side clip is how the tip is retracted . All in all though I would highly recommend this mechanical pencil as the best I have ever owned . I would give this a rating of 4.5 stars . I would give it a full fifth star if it had simply added a simple diagram to show the operation of the pencil .
 I have owned the Pentel Graph Gear 1000 -LRB- yellow = 0.9 mm -RRB- what seems for many many many years ... well I did buy it back in 2007 . I work as a Quality Engineer , so note taking , sketches , etc , is the norm for me . As well as traveling to our sister plant in Mexico.I have dropped , kicked and basically abused this pencil . So you can say I am not easy on my gear.So when I was looking for a writing utensil back in the day , I needed one be tough , especially the lead.I tried all smaller sizes with no luck ... and no the school yellow pencil was not an option -LRB- did not feel like carrying a pencil sharpener -RRB- . So when I saw this , I bought it ... forgive me , but I do not remember how much I paid for it back then.So why the late review ... well this summer , I dropped my pencil for the final time ... I lost it . : -LRB- I walked all over the factory floor to see where it might had been dropped or kicked ... no luck.Well after a month of having crying for the loss , time to get a new one.I hope the quality and durability has stayed the same over the years.My only gripe is the miniature eraser on the end ... it is pathetic ! Why have it , when 99.9996 % of the people will carry their own.I would remove it and and drop the price a few coins .2007 version review.PROS : THick lead at 0.9 mm - hard to breakGood weight in the hands.Silicone bumpers on barrel makes it easy to hold in place for long period of times.Super durableNever failedCONS : Thick lead at 0.9 mm is sometimes hard to find in stores.Stupid miniature erase ... . why even have it?I LOST IT ...
 I received this pencil in the mail today and I can already tell that it will be the best mechanical pencil I have ever used . This might change in the future but for now I really love the way this pencil writes and feels in my hand .
 This is a fantastic pencil . I use mine daily to scribble , make notes etc. . I have a number of different mechanical pencils in my collection , but so far this one is my favorite .
 Why in the world would you pay $ $ for a mechanical pencil?Because you 're a pencil nerd . You might also be a pen nerd . Either way , you love your writing instruments and will pay a little more to get a better pen/cil . I am the proud owner of dozens of writing implements , and ordered this one on the recommendation of another pencil nerd -LRB- note
 But that does n't suffice for Amazon . No they want many more words . Stars and short comments just are n't enough to describe a pencil that looks like a pen and writes like a pencil , just as one would expect .
 I love the retractable tip and the grip . I wish every pencil could have these features , but I do n't really like the weight of the pencil . It 's well balanced , but it 's just a bit too heavy for my tastes . I also use my papermate clearpoint , and with the jumbo twisty eraser removed or cut in half , the light weight pencil makes a great tool for scribbling down notes or an essay -LRB- although you should normally use a pen for that , I guess ? -RRB- that being said , the weight is well balanced , so it feels better than my pilot p-500 with the cap on - I usually prefer to leave the cap off that pen if I 'm writing something , even if it means risking losing the cap . I would also be worried if I accidentally dropped the pencil with the tip extended , not just because of the high weight , but also because the tip does n't look like it has any elastic deformation zones or anything to soften a hit to the ground , unlike my pilot p-500 and precise v5 pens . I also do n't like how if you unscrew the tip , you see a lot of plastic threads , which might not last forever , unlike aluminum . It 's even more annoying how the aluminum barrel where the clip is looks super overbuilt with thick metal walls , which greatly add to the weight while they used plastic for the lower half . Also , perhaps more importantly , the 0.3 mm leads frequently break inside of the pencil if I 'm playing with the retractable tip a lot for some reason . The leads that came with the pencil must have been 4B or something , but even after using pentel AIN leads , I 'm still losing more lead to lead breakages than actual writing . Pentel really needs to fix this , as 0.3 mm lead can be expensive and hard to find.If pentel offered replacement tips , fixed the lead breakages , made it all metal unless where necessary , and greatly reduced the weight by using thinner wall diameters -LRB- the aluminum barrel near the tip looks like it could survive getting run over by a tank , while the lower half looks like I could break it with my bare hands -RRB- , that would make this into the perfect writing instrument .
 I like these pencils because this made of steel . The like the feeling of it when I write . Is also has a retrace tip so do n't stab your self when you put it in your pocket .
 I wanted a metal pencil that would last . Others that I have purchased usually broke after a few weeks ; this pencil is still going strong after several months . The weight of it is just right , and the 0.9 mm lead is perfect for me .
 Purchased this pencil looking for something phenomenal , as it was rated the best pencil in the world on multiple sights . Was not dissapointed . It is literally the perfect pencil . Buy it .
 I 'm an engineering/math student who uses pencils a lot . Before this pencil , I was rotating through lots of cheap plastic automatic pencils , just because I did n't know better . I did n't know there were GOOD mechanical pencils like this . I 've owned it since last Fall semester , and it has n't failed me so far.PROS : - solid construction . Wo n't break if you drop it . - very precise . I can fit a lot on a page these days by writing small with this pencil . - Pencil lead indicator is a nice -LRB- but not necessary -RRB- featureCONS : - the eraser seems a bit thin - I would have preferred a little more girth to the grip . Maybe I 'm just used to pens .
 I bought this about a year ago and loved it at first . After about six months the the eraser would not stay up when I clicked for more lead -LRB- I did lose the eraser cap , so my fault on that -RRB- . After another couple months the lead would no longer come out ; part of the internal mechanism was sticking . I really love the pencil , but wish it still worked . I actually came on here to buy another one . A great pencil for six months is fine by me . I 'm surprised I did n't lose it before three months was up .
 This drafting pencil is , without a doubt , the best writing utensil I have ever used in my 23 years of life . It writes velvety smooth , and when I hold it in my hand , it feels like an extension of my body . The grip provides just enough friction , but does n't feel very rough at all . The button to release more lead feels good and solid , not weak sauce like most mechanical pencils . When you open the clip on the side , it retracts the tip into the body of the pencil to protect it . When I saw this , it just about blew my mind . This pencil has ruined me for all other pencils.tl ; dr - This is the best mechanical pencil ever .
 this is a very nice pencil . i like the sleek design the only thing i would have liked is if the rubber pieces in the grip protruded more
 This is the best pencil i 've ever used . I have to get used to not pushing so hard when i write , as to not break the lead . But amazing . - Engineering Student
 This pencil , and the others in this series , the 0.7 & 0.5 mm -LRB- I do n't have the 0.3 mm -RRB- , are well crafted , balanced , and feel very good while writing or drawing . Every time someone uses the pencil , they always ask `` where can I get one of these '' .
 Awesome pencil . Very sturdy and solidly built . Highly reccomend and will be ordering another soon . Love the retracting tip . A real pocket saver !
 I bought this pencil march 2012 and it 's almost a year now and it work just as good as when I first used it.The pencil looks great , has a nice weight to it and does n't feel fragile . The eraser under the cap -LRB- the part that you push down -RRB- is crap but I did n't buy it for an eraser . Overall great quality product . I have no complaints and I intend to buy more of theses pencils .
 As a university student working on my 3rd degree , I 've gone through a lot of writing tools , from sharpie pens to good old number 2 ticonderogas . I 've found this Pentil to be a superior mechanical pencil . The textured grip is nice , comfortable , with a barrel circumference that is not too wide . The retractable sleeve/nib is very solid , made with sturdy mechanisms . The springs are heavy , the metal is tough . Disassembly is simple . And it writes well.What more can you ask for ? It 's a good price , as well . My last mechanical pencil was a more expensive Staedtler , and while I found the grip more comfortable , the construction was nowhere near as rugged . The flimsy sleeve , the metal part through which the pencil lead protrudes , on that pencil quickly broke , rendering the $ 30 pencil worthless . Thankfully , I can see myself using this one for a long time .
 I asked for this pencil for Christmas to help me with my horrendous handwriting . This pencil far exceeded my expectations . not only did it prove to be reliable , but its perfect weight towards the front makes this an incredibly smooth writing tool . I actually love using it just for the sake of feeling its smoothness . I do use the retractable head . I hope the retracting mechanism lasts , but , for now , I love the option .
 As an archaeologist , a sturdy , robust , and precise drafting pencil is an important tool to have in the field . I have used the .5 mm Graph Gear 1000 for three years now , and could not be happier . I 'm ordering another one now so I can always have one in my pocket and one in my field bag . The only problem I 've had -LRB- and this is probably specific to mine and therefore not representative -RRB- is that every couple of months it will freeze up and the lead will not advance . I 'll tinker with it for a while and eventually it fixes itself . Again , the quality of this pencil far outweighs the occasional breakdown , so I 'm still giving it 5 stars . This pencil is the envy of my colleagues . The Mercedes of pencils .
 Now you can use mechanical pencils and not stain your pocket as the lead retracts as soon as you activate the pocket clip .
 Pencils have some real advantages over pens when you 're out in the field , the biggest ones being that they are n't too affected by water , temperature does n't stop them , and for me , I 've never had one run out of lead while using it , because I keep them full of lead sticks . The retractable lead sleeve on this one makes it very , very handy to carry around without jabbing myself or others , unlike most mechanical pencils . But what really sets it apart for me is the spring-loaded clip , which lets me securely fasten it to notebook covers , security badges and other things that are a little too thick for some pen clips.The downsides are the tiny eraser hidden under an easily-lost cap and the fairly narrow grip , which looks better than it feels when you 're writing for long periods . Both of these drawbacks are a reminder of the true nature of this pencil -- as a drafting tool . I recently found a pencil at one-tenth the price that bests this one in some ways , thePENCIL , VELCTY 0.9 MM ,4 Pack , BK . It too has a retractible tip , but has a wider , rubber grip that I find more comfortable . And at the price , they 're less annoying to lose -LRB- although with the bright kiddie colors , perhaps more embarassing to use . -RRB-
 This is a 0.7 mm lead pencil . It is machined metal in construction and has a `` drafting instrument '' feel . The point indeed has a very long , non-retracting sleeve to stabilize the lead so that you can use templates , rules , French curves , and other drafting tools with this pencil . The grip section has both cross-hatched machining and rubberized interior , providing both a strong hold and yet a softer grip . The grip section rotates with a small window to allow you to indicate which hardness of lead you have loaded . It comes with HB leads . The point section retracts fully -LRB- by activating the pocket clip -RRB- so it is truly pocket friendly . The first button-press -LRB- long push -RRB- extends the point section and subsequent shallower pushes extend the lead . Pulling out the button reveals a small fixed-length eraser of small diameter ; this short length is somewhat limiting for erasing on the road , but your dedicated desk eraser will probably be used in a workspace . The pocket clip is excellent ; it is spring-hinged so that it works like an alligator clip and has two somewhat pointed tips that securely grip the fabric of a shirt pocket . But the long travel of the clip allows you to attach the pencil to a pile of papers , a notebook , a cable , or whatnot . With a better eraser -LRB- especially a twist-up type -RRB- it would easily be a five-star pencil .
 I have chosen this sharp pencil after a vigilantly careful 3-4 hour session in a department store.I went into several stores and compared all the mechanical pencils they had at that time.I took 10 + pencils for a ride -LRB- CDT , Cross , Faber Castell , Mitsubishi Kuru Toga , Ohto Promecha , Parker , Pelikan , Pilot , Pentel Graph Limited 1000 , Rotring , Staedtler 885 , Zebra Tect 2way etc. -RRB- . For whatever reasons drawing with the Graphgear 1000 just feels right the very moment you take this pen into your hand.When I made my decision I decided for the feature I REALLY need for a long term relationship . ; - -RRB- While the `` obvious '' feature would certainly include the visual design you will be surprised to find out how much more there is to it , as I will elaborate below.Hard factors :1 -RRB- Heavy usage of hand and/or rheumatoid arthritis : If you or a good friend happen to play guitar daily for many hours and take notes at the same time or are unfortunate enough to already have rheumatoid arthritis in your hands , then this is `` The pencil you do n't want to leave the house without '' . I am not talking about the reliability itself but about how comfortable it is to use . This pen allows you to do more with much less effort !! 2 -RRB- You can hide the sharp and sensitive penfront inside the pen.While this may not be an obvious advantage , consider that you may accidently drop it once during its lifecycle.The fact that the pens tip is hidden on the inside does not only protect your investment itself it also somewhat lessens the likelyhood of an actual damage to your other inventory , your expensive new shirt - or worse an injury to a family members eye -LRB- kids -RRB- etc. I can not stress enough that this first feature alone is the one that is selling the pen for me . I tried many things to avoid that our almost 4 year old is taking my pencils . The `` hidden '' lead is a cool feature , so the kids dont play with the pens -LRB- because they are unusable -RRB- .3 -RRB- The metal case is robust enough to handle when its dropped on the floor and makes sure the pen is still usable after it .4 -RRB- The pen has an adjustable lead type indicator for users that tend to forget what lead they filled it with last time , which is also handy if you own several of those .5 -RRB- Best Price-Performance value on the market . You will be hard pressed to find another pen that provides similar or even more quality for less.This pencil easily beats any current competitions products that are priced at even ten times the price !! Soft factors :6 -RRB- The overall visual design is nice and the pen is very slim which makes it look elegant . -LRB- one exception is that the clip could be designed more elegant -RRB- 7 -RRB- The feeling that comes with it when you draw and when you hold it is amazing . F.e while other pencils have a certain resistance on the media this one `` glides '' over it.Summary : Pentels Graphgear 1000 has many appealing points . In a super short summary , `` IT JUST FEELS RIGHT '' . Users with heavy daily drawing activity by hand and/or rheumatoid arthritis will be sold on the sole fact that they can do more with less efforts.Or in other words it avoids stress to your hand and - more important - the likelyhood of an accident.The Graphgear 1000 has also unmatched `` real '' advantages over the competition that protect your `` investment '' . I am well aware that other pens have features like adjustment of the length of the outcoming lead or automatically pushing out the lead when shaking etc.But when you want to have a pencil that has all the features you MUST have and provides you with a suberb support than the choice becomes amazingly clear.The Pentel Graphgear 1000 is a tough , reliable lifestyle partner that lets you feel that you are the one in charge !! It also does easily pay for itself over and over by the time others have replaced their counterparts.So if you are looking for a serious long term relationship than you have just found your partner ; - -RRB-
 These things are great . A bit expensive for a pencil but worth it . The thickness of the pencil is just right , and the spring loaded retractable clip is great . The tip does n't wiggle around like a lot of drafting pencils with retractable tips.The pencil itself is built really well too . The plastic parts are all high quality and the metal parts fit together perfectly . When you shake it all you hear is the lead moving around , there 's no parts rattling at all unless the tip is retracted . Very tight construction.Also unlike other drafting pencils this one actually has a decent sized eraser . I still carry around a block eraser but this one is actually big enough I do n't hesitate to use it like I do with my other ones.The only problem I have with it is there was no metal pin stuck in the eraser to clean out the tip but I have n't had any lead break yet so it might not need it.All in all , these things are a pleasure to use .
 BigBrother - See all my reviewsI have lots of mechnical pencils and for the price this is the best one . My top three are the Rotring 600 , Faber-Castel Vario and of course the Pentel 1000 . The 1000 has the features you would expect on a good automatic pencil including the HB , F , M , 2H , 4H ,2 B , B -LRB- controls the softness -RRB- and a feature not on those other two
 I have lots of mechnical pencils and for the price this is the best one . My top three are the Rotring 600 , Faber-Castel Vario , a F-C Grip 2011 and of course the Pentel 1000 . The 1000 has the features you would expect on a good automatic pencil including the HB , F , M , 2H , 4H ,2 B , B -LRB- reminds you what is the softness of your lead if you set it -RRB- and a feature not on those other two
 The title pretty much says it all . I have been buying mechanical pencils since I was 12 years old -LRB- 1977 -RRB- and this is the best one I have ever found . I bought ten of them and gave two to my ex-wife -LRB- an accountant for a school -RRB- and she agrees - best pencil ever and worth every cent and more if they wanted to charge it.And if you can get an ex-wife on board ... need I say more?Pick your favorite size -LRB- mine is .7 with the harder `` leads '' - it writes as sharp as an average .5 but without breaking as much -RRB- .
 I originally owned the Pentel Graph Pro 1000 and the pencils are slightly different in function/use . For those who have a Graph Pro , the GraphGear is slightly heavier but not enough to get your hand to strain unless you are writing for an extended period of time . The weight makes it feel more sturdy then its counter part . The Retractable Tip provides a strong kick when it retracts and startled me the first time I used it . If you decide to show of the pencil to friends , make sure they do n't drop your new pencil on the ground when it trys to jump from their hands.The look of the pencil is much more flashy then the Graph 1000 , if that matters for you . The balance point on the GraphGear 1000 is slightly higher then mid center . You wont notice a difference unless you try to twirl your pencil . For those you like to hold the very tip of the pencil while writing , this pencil is NOT for you . The Grip is a nicely placed for individuals who like holding the shaft but there is not enough substance to hold the tip at its edge . Changing the Led Indicator is a little tricky at times but should not effect the average user.The price is a little high for a Pencil but if you plan to take care of it and keep a nice solid pencil for a long time , you cant go wrong with the GraphGear 1000 . -LRB- If looks matter to you , I suggest getting the .7 version , the blue highlights make it stand out more . I just prefer the finer line and lower drag/friction of the .5 . -RRB-
 Ok first since it doesnt come with instructions how to change the hardness i shall say now . First , make sure you twist the tip to make it loose . Second , you can now move the grip and change the settings . You have to sort of guess where the 2H setting is but its there , and its 2B -LRB- hardest -RRB- -2 H -LRB- Lightest -RRB- . Excellent , Tip retracts is great . Favorite Pencil . Very Effortless when writing .
 I own > 95 % of mechanical pencil models produced in the past 30 years . This is one of the best . Love the grip . .3 mm still has limited utility because it breaks so easily but for traces and ghosts this makes a line that is professional class . Lead handling is less error-prone than other small bore pencils .
 like other longtime mechanical pencil users here , I 've used almost all pencils , my favorites being the Rotring 600/Koh-i-Noor Rapidomatic -LRB- God , how i loved it , i felt like i was using a scalpel -RRB- , the Staedtler 925 -LRB- the all-metal version is fantastic , the plastic version is garbage -RRB- , and the Pentel P205 -LRB- because it was ubiquitous and pretty damn good for the price -RRB- . along the way , I 've used many other pencils , but none stick out in my mind as well as these.my last pencil before getting this one was my trusty Pentel P205 which had after about 5 years of constant abuse -LRB- including dropping it lots of times -RRB- had finally given out.i then decided to order this pencil for two reasons
 This my third one of these . I 'm left handed and press very hard on the paper and write at an inclined angle . I break the lead from every pencil I use except this one . It 's handy . It 's comfortable . I used the plastic , inexpensive version for some time but they would last about 3 months and the barrel would break at the top of the threaded section above the tip . I bought the Graph Gear 1000 because it had an aluminum barrel . My first one lasted about 2 year . This was good . Then it broke in exactly the same place as the cheep models . It turns out that the idiot designer used the exact same plastic threads as used in the cheaper model and put an aluminum tube over them.I lost my second one . Now on my third . I 'm not really thrilled about the internal quality of this item but it is still better than anything else on the market . For a -LSB- ... -RSB- item you would think they could put metal threads in the barrel .
 This is the nicest pencil I 've had . It is slick . I have had lots of mechanical pencils , including Cross , Parker , Sheafer , et al. . None compares to this beauty . Great purchase . Highly recommend it .
 I 'm not a connoisseur of mechanical pencils . As inexpensive as this unit is , for me it 's a `` want '' not a `` need '' . I can not speak to those who are looking for a drafting pencil , or a drawing pencil.As a shirt pocket replacement for a # 2 wooden pencil it rocks . The ` click ' action is positive , the lead feeds easily -LRB- until one gets towards the end of a lead ; the last little bit seems to push back into the pen , indicating it 's time for a change -RRB- . For my hand , it has a good ergonomic feel.Recommended to those looking for a shirt pocket pencil .
 This is one of my favorite pencils I 've ever used . Although it 's kinda expensive , it is definitely worth it . As proof of this , I 've lost this kind of pencil a few times -LRB- well , actually stolen -RRB- , but after each time , I 've gotten this pencil again . It feels good in your hand -LRB- you 'll find it 's much heavier than most pencils -RRB- , and my hand cramps much less than normal pencils -LRB- my hand cramps with it only because you write so much in school -RRB- . I would definitely recomend this to one who likes having nice pencils , but if you do n't really care about what kind of pencils you use -- well I 'll just say that you should n't be looking at this pencil.I 'd also just like to say that ReStockIt -LRB- the company that this pencil comes from -RRB- had extremely fast and good shipping , and it is definitely not a negative , but a positive of ordering this pencil -LRB- but Amazon also has fast shipping , though I do have Amazon Prime -RRB- . Overall , this is an excellent pencil , and would recommend it to anyone who is willing to spend its slightly high price .
 I have the .3 mm and .5 mm . I really like the retractable tip since it protects a delicate part of the pencil . I have had mine for several years and they are holding up great . They are the best mechanical pencils I have owned .
 Easy to use , durable , lightweight given the amount of metal in it , and very comfortable in the hand . Its never leaves my side wherever I 'm going . No gripes other than the lead it comes with is not very good , waxy and gummy feeling . That was easily replaced of course , with my good drawing leads .
 Discovered I can write with a 5mm pencil that does n't have a sliding sleeve as long as it looks cool enough .
 This is my go-to pencil . After using wooden pencils that dull fast and require constant sharpening , I decided to switch to ONE lead pencil I would carry with me everywhere . This is the perfect pencil for that purpose.This pencil screams durability . The clicking action is rock solid and makes a satisfying click every time . The parts do not budge , and the grip provides ` bench-press ' style grip that 's comfortable to hold.The writing with this pen is amazing . It writes almost with the fluidity and darkness of a pen , and the lead is as strong as HB # 2 . I 'd attribute this not to the pencil directly but rather to the lead , also made by Pentel.The eraser this thing comes with also great . Jeez , everything about this pencil is great . The eraser though - it is the best eraser I have ever used , it barely leaves residue and it eradicates pencil marks to oblivion . I 've used it so much that it is about to expire , however , but FORTUNATELY pentel also sells eraser refills for these pencils -LRB- Pentel - best office supplies company ever -RRB- . I highly recommend this pencil to EVERYONE . Do not use ordinary lead though , its greatness stems from the ` high-residue ' lead that Amazon now sells at 2 bucks for 140 pieces . Get it .
 This is admittedly one of the first `` nice '' pencils I have owned but it feels good in your hand and has that awesome retractable collar . When I got it it was just a couple dollars more than the other drafting pencils and from what I can tell it was totally worth it .
 I 've never really bought a nice pencil before , so this is my first experience with one . I 'm very happy ! I 'm a composer and have found that other pencils tire my hand out . Not so with this one!While the lead indicator is a cool feature , unfortunately , I use 4B lead in this pencil and it only goes up to 2B . I wish there was some way they could 've included more lead sizes .
 Very nice mechanical pencil , this is the best ever . I use it daily at work and years ago when pencil drafting was the norm this would have been the envy . Like this and it will recommend to anyone who wants comfortable grip , quality through out and durable is value .
 If you are looking at 0.3 mm I trust you are aware of the + / - of the lead weight.This pencil has a plastic frame wrapped in metal . Nice weight and feel . The knurled grip is a combo of knurled metal and silicone pads , giving nice grip without grinding your fingers . The tip is retractable , nice touch for the thin tube of the 0.3 mm tube , they can bend rather easily -LRB- which will ruin a pencil -RRB- . The clip has been noted by others as a bit flimsy , it is the functional but weak link . Does what it is supposed to , but is a bit floppy . A bit disappointing for a mid-priced pencil . One other niggle , when you tighten the knurled grip , there is a tendency for lead weight marker to move.Aside from my 2 short comings noted , this is a nice , very functional pencil , comfortable to write with , attractive , and decently , priced
 I say i 'm a little disappointed on how heavy this is , and how it fits in my hand . Its a very well built product , but I guess I 'm used to lighter pencils .
 I 've been using this pencil virtually every day for more than a year . To date , it is still pristine no matter how I treat it . It has been very comfortable to use and adding new leads or erasers is a snap . I recommend this product to anyone who uses mechanical pencils . As usual , Amazon provided great service on shippment and delivery .
 This is honestly the best pencil I have ever owned . It is strong , does n't break down . I wish it had a larger eraser , but that is kind of impossible given the quality of this pencil and its size . The gnarled grip with the rubber circles is perfect and I love how you can retract the tip so your led does n't break and your pencil does n't get damaged .
 I have owned two Graph Gear 500s , and I must admit , the Graph Gear 1000 is waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaayy better . The whole pencil is metal , including the grip , which as rubber dots for added comfort . I bought the .3 mm version because I write my letters thinly . This is a very , very durable and comfortable pencil . Best pencil I 've ever had .
 Great pencil . The lead indicator does n't change the lead thats in the pencil , but rather lets you know what kind of lead is in the pencil . It is n't automatic , it is something you would have to change anytime you changed the lead in there . Helpful if multiple pencils with different types of lead.Each pencil comes with 3 pieces of lead . I did n't see any mention of this and therefore ordered lead too . Cheap multi-pack pencils always came with lead , but this is the first time I ordered a nice pencil and did n't know if it was expected for you to have your own lead . Now I have plenty of lead . Just know you DO N'T HAVE to order extra lead each pencil had 3 pieces . Not sure what type comes in each pencil , but I am assuming it is HB.The handle acts as a fulcrum and when you push the back side down it releases the metal tip of the pencil into the pencil itself . Spring-loaded . When you click the top the metal tip comes out and so does the lead . The tip retracts with the lead still sticking out so when you click you will be right back where you left off . There is a small eraser inside the back cap as well.The pencil did come with a sticker on it that was a little annoying to remove and then it left behind the stick residue . Just took extra time to get that annoying looking and annoying feeling stuff off . Minor complaint .
 I use this pencil for note taking , data modeling and other technical activities when it comes to computer programming . I am very happy with this pencil as it has a retractile tip , rubberized grip , and is weighted . It is exactly what I was looking for when I purchased this pencil .
 Fits perfect in the hand , easy to write with , and all you do is pull cap off to get to eraser . Best of all it 's a refillable pencil .
 These are my favorite pencils for everyday use . They have a really nice weight and hold lead very well . Only downside is that the eraser is virtually useless . I use a separate eraser when using this pencil .
 its sturdy and pretty unique designed ~ Im loving using this pencil every time i drafting work things to get it done !
 It is a cool pencil , but i would go with an expensive one if i had the money . it needs to be packaged properly though , first time I received the pencil In a soft container , like an envelope , of course it was broken into two pieces , then I re order the item and got it properly .
 This has some really nice features , especially for the money . Have already purchased additional ones . Nothing bu extremely possible words re this item .
 I just received my Pentel Graph Gear 1000 , it is a very nice pencil . It is incredibly solid and feels good to hold . I very much like the retractable tip , it makes it a lot safer to put in my backpack so that it does n't damage anything in the backpack and it protects the tip nicely . The tip retraction mechanism is a bit noisy though.My only complaint is that it came with a really gummy bar code sticker on the barrel that was very hard to clean off . I do n't really know why it needed this sticker but it may take some gasoline to get the residue completely off of the barrel .
 Great produce with a metal tip that secures the lead well and prevents it from breaking off . Just what I needed .
 WOW !!!!! I cant say enough about these pencils !!! I am hard on my writing intruments , but these withstand what ever pressure I am using when I write . I bought my 1st one about a month ago , and now own 3 !
 Retractable tip , just like a push pen ; sturdy build , high quality materials , writes very well , Japanese quality ; I do n't think I 'll ever have to buy another mechanical pencil in my life again .
 I had no idea I could actually love a pencil ! This is super comfortable to write with and looks very nice . I had classmates try to keep it after borrowing it in class !
 This is by far the best drafting mechanical pencil I have used . I have used over 30 to 40 types of mechanical pencil and this by far is the best . The retractable sleeve prevents you from damaging the tip of your pencil . I have own several of the Zebra pencil brand only to put it in my pocket and come back out with the bottom tip insert deep into the pencil making it useless . Somebody on here talked about how the bottom tip wiggles when are using it . I have never experienced that problem . The lead tends to break less on this pencil than others I have used .
 I bought this pencil mainly because I was sick of having the plastic pencil points breaking in other mechanical pencils . So far it 's been working great and has been through quite a lot of writing and general use . I would have preferred an all metal grip with out the rubber , but it works although it takes a little while to get used to .
 I have been looking for a good automatic pencil for quite some time , and I do n't think that I could have made a better choice than the Pentel GraphGear 1000 . This pencil is a sleek and well-designed precision instrument . Although the pencil is a bit thicker than most automatics I 've used , the grip design is a welcome change . I always get a nice firm grip with the diamond chiseled pattern and the soft pads help keep my fingers from getting fatigued after writing for a while.The retractable tip is a great addition for a couple of reasons . As other users have mentioned , retracting the tip helps minimize holes in shirt pockets as well as prevents it from getting bent if you were to accidentally drop the pencil on the ground.The only con to the retractable tip is that there is a very slight amount of play between the tip and the barrel when writing . The amount of play has not affected any writing I have done , so it is pretty negligible overall.If I lost this pencil or it were to break , I would definitely buy another just like it .
 This is the pencil you want.I went through several .3 mm pencils before this one . The leading cause of death was always a bent tip , if only just enough to block the lead . The tip on this pencil is by contrast , sturdy , and easily retractable . $ 15 seems like an exorbitant amount for a pencil , and it might be , but not when you consider all the broken pencils leading up to this one.I love that it seems invincible to damage , but as the other reviewers said , the grip is uncomfortable and ends short of where you may want to hold it . You may feel like you can endure , but your finger calluses will not . I used a nice padding of teflon plumber 's tape . Ghetto ? perhaps . But I have learned to love that stuff.I highly recommend the pencil for its durability , but do be aware of the ergonomics .
 I 'm going to make this review short and sweet . This is the greatest pencil that I 've ever written with ! I 'm a college student , and wanted a high quality pencil , that I could keep for an extremely long period of time , and at the same time , be proud of holding . We have a winner ! This pencil is made extraordinarily well . It has wonderful grip , and feels very comfortable to hold . I am in school for Scientific Glass-blowing , and one thing we do often is draft , this is perfect for drafting , as well as just taking notes at lectures , or what have you . . Another great thing I 've come to realize with this pencil is that the lead do n't seem to break as easy as others . I only use .5 pencils , and I 've been known to be really picky , but this pencil is worth the money . I happened to get it when they lowered it to $ 14.95 , which included shipping , but I think it went back up . I 've seen it as high as $ 21.95 on Amazon , so I guess it would be out of some people price range . However , if you love fine pencils , and can afford quality , get this !
 I like this pencil . This pencil has nice heft and feel to it . it feels substantial unlike most where it feels too light in your hand . The length is also key , the manufacturer placed weights at the extreme ends of the pencil that enforces the feeling of substance . The feel encourages the user for bold strokes and sureness . Of course all this `` feeling '' is moot if the lead breaks at the slightest exertion for force - to my delight it did not . The grip were the correct diameter and friction . The elongated ferrule is perfect for scale edge guided stroke . All in all great pencil .
 This is by far the best mechanical pencil . It has a great weight and balance . I love drawing with this pencil . I will be ordering many more .
 Ok , so i 'm a big mechanical pencils junkie , and this pencil completely makes the cut.It 's a little heavy , but the quality is awesome , it has quite a large eraser , i have n't worked out the little thingie that displays the type of lead , but i guess it 's for you to remember which type of lead are inserting into the pencil.I 've had it for a while now , and the only little glitch that it 's got -LRB- and this could just be happening to me -RRB- , it 's that as of a couple of weeks , a remaining of the lead -LRB- like a little piece of debris that chips off the lead -RRB- gets stuck inside and i have to unassemble it to get rid of said debris , but it 's kinda cool to unassemble and reassemble it , and it could be the lead , not the pencil . So i ca n't really say it 's a pencil problem or not.Bottom line , great classy look , works like a charm , would totally recommend it.Great gift for mechanical pencil lovers .
 I use it for notes . Its hefty , consistent , never breaks lead . its awesome . i 've had mine for 5 + years . never fails.Although i can see some people not liking the grip becuase it is rough . The small plastic bubbles meant to soften the grip dont really do anything . But this is Function over form . I would n't want a smooth grip which i can slip on.Lead preferenceI prefer .3 over the .5 because its smaller , and i dont have to deal with changing density of the graphite at the tip.This is not a review of teh .5 version of this pencil , just talking about lead in general .
 Quality built mechanical pencil . I like the fact that it 's made out of metal . The grip is knurled for traction but not so much that it fatigues the hand . The retractable tip is a good feature both for protecting the person from a mishap and also the device from breaking .
 This is a great pencil and I have several individuals around my organization that order these . They love the grip and the clip .
 This is like a fine gun , or watch . It 's nice to hold , use and own . Good engineering thought went into it . Love it .
 What I love about this pencil is the weight . It 's not heavy , but it feels substantial and of high quality . Recommended . The several months I owned it were a joy . And then , as is the way with good pencils , it disappeared . I am confident the new owner is enjoying it .
 pretty expensive for a lead holder . . but really comfortable and easy to use , so worth the purchase.i will eventually buy the full set .
 The first thing I did was see how well it wrote , and the strange little clip closed on my hand ... I thought that was really amusing.It 's really nice , very comfortable to write with and very good quality . The erasers are easily refillable which was big for me , and there are erasers under the cap at the end . What was really interesting is you press the clip to `` close '' the pencil , but the graphite feeds like a normal mechanical pencil . This is really nice because you do n't have to deal with the mechanism screwing up or not coming out entirely which is common for a mechanical pencil .
 Your nerdy engineering buddies will be jealous . Its nice . Very good balance , feel , and the little pads in the grip are very comfortable . Display it proudly ... splurge a little and get the pocket protector to go with it ; -RRB-
 I 've only used this pencil for a short while so I ca n't comment on its durability -LRB- especially of the retraction mechanism -RRB- but it seems well built , and as far as writing goes , is absolutely the best thing I 've ever owned . Even better than pencils that cost twice as much . This is the one to get !
 I 've had it for a while now - and aside from the fact that they put a sticker on it that has the most irritating glue on this planet , the pen is fantastic . The glue did come off since it 's brushed metal - it feels great on the hand . It even has a little contraption to let you know the lead type you are using . The erasor is fantastic - and the tip goes all the way in when not in use - protecting it from a fall . I recommend it .
 This is a well built and comfortable pencil . I especially like the retractable tip since I have had more than one pencil get ruined by a bend in the tip
 Although the GraphGear 1000 is labelled as a drafting pencil , I find it preferable for daily writing and note taking . If you write small and can manage to write with a soft touch , this pencil would make an excellent addition to you writing tools . Over the course of 3 years , I have purchased 7 of these pencils . Four were lost , two broke , and one is still works . Shockingly enough , I broke one of them after adding a picture to Amazon . These pencils are solid on the exterior , but have a few weak points.Cons : - Sticker on top of the cap labeling the lead size WILL come off . - 0.3 mm only comes in brown . - Expensive . - Plastic interior pieces -LRB- There 's a brown piece that can fracture near the screw end -RRB- I 'm not the type to baby my possessions . So the cons listed may not be applicable to you.Pros : - Solid feel . - Unique design . - 0.3 mmAs some have noted , there are different versions of this pencil.Here 's what I found to be different : - The back cap is tighter fitting . - The clip now uses a spring . - The internal lead storage is slightly different -LRB- more plastic , less metal -RRB- . There are n't many alternatives when it comes to 0.3 mm pencils but this is the best one in the consumer market.I do n't think these pencils are worth the price , but 0.3 mm pencil demand not exactly booming . My preference for finer work in my penmanship is enough for me to look the other way . Beggars ca n't be choosers !
 Mechanical pencil replaces one I had for over 20 years . This one is comfortable , works well and is similar to the old one . Like most slender mechanical pencils , the eraser is useless and could be discarded for a cork . Use a real eraser . Pencil works great .
 I was tired of buying those cheap BIC lead pencils and then having to throw them out every time I was done with the lead . So , I decided to buy this and 2 boxes of the lead that Amazon sells . I 've only used the pencil for about 2 weeks so I ca n't comment on its durability . The outer shell is made out of metal , but the inner is plastic . It is made in Japan , though , so that 's a plus . What I do know and I think many would want to know is that this pencil is comfortable . It 's so smooth when I write and I no longer have to press down on the paper anymore . The end of the pencil that I 'm not holding does feel heavy , though , but I have got used to it and do n't notice the weight anymore . It simply feels as if the pencil is gliding over the paper . It feels amazing , and I do n't think I can ever go back to a cheaper alternative or a regular pencil again.The tip can retract by pressing on the clip that you see on the upper part of the pencil . It 's a great feature because it protects the pencil from damage and it protects it from poking into things . It feels cool when I retract it , too . It 's not bulky , and it 's perfect for drawing . I usually use the wooden pencils , and this is the first time that I 've tried a lead pencil , but it 's great . Unlike the other pencils , it 's so skinny , which I like many much . It may be a preference thing , though . To sum things up , this pencil is comfortable to use and looks pleasing to the eyes , so I would definitely recommend it .
 I have used many different mechanical pencils , from Japan , Germany , and USA , all my time since I was in elementary -LRB- primary -RRB- school . This one is a bit heavy but not too much that will make me tired . It looks exceptional . People always ask me where I bought it . The amount of lead it pushes out every time I click it is always perfect . I lost one -LRB- I bet someone took it -RRB- and I immediately purchased another one.One thing I have to complain is lead may get stuck at the tip . It was a pain to disassemble it and put it back together . Luckily it only happened once so far and I have been using the same one for a few years .
 Great pencil ! A must have for every engineering geek out there . Write up your next design review on a Post It note . Make tiny sketches . Infuriate your colleagues ! Be the envy of other engineers who have to write with crayon-like .5 mm lead!Good grip , nicely weighted , point retracts so that you do n't impale yourself when you place it in your pocket , and has an adjustable dial to display the lead hardness -LRB- nice feature -RRB- .
 After trying numerous mechanical pencils , ranging in price from this to a stylish one for $ 300 , I returned to this.Pros
 I use a pencil for a lot of field work and am a bit if a pencil snob . The Pentel P205 is my old standby but is not so comfortable to write a lot with and occasionally jams . I have used other nice drafting pencils but ended up breaking the lead tube off at the tip or poking holes in my pocket from the sharp end . The tip of this pencil retracts so you do n't have to face the ridicule and stigma of wearing a pocket protector :--RRB- I find this pencil comfortable to use and have never had it jam . Overall it is the best pencil I have owned.Also , earlier in this review I mentioned the stigma of pocket protector wearing . If you are a pocket protector wearer be brave and stand by your guns . It is the ink stained shirts that are the real victims .
 I recvd it next day after ordering-terrific pencil , heavy but weighted well grip steel cut metal . . awesome product n great service !
 This is sooooo good!The writing is smooth the different led uses and the grip . My Mom used this and she loves it that she told me to buy her another -LRB- she is an artist and designer -RRB- .
 This is a good-looking , solid , balanced writing instrument that is a pleasure to use and write with . The tip retracts when you 're not using it , which is good for people like me who carry pencils in their pocket and do n't like being stabbed in the leg . The only down side is the somewhat silly pocket clip , which sticks out too far for my tastes . If this was re-designed to not stick out so much it would be ideal .
 I like this pencil . This pencil has nice heft and feel to it . it feels substantial unlike most where it feels too light in your hand . The length is also key , the manufacturer placed weights at the extreme ends of the pencil that enforces the feeling of substance . The feel encourages the user for bold strokes and sureness . Of course all this `` feeling '' is moot if the lead breaks at the slightest exertion for force - to my delight it did not . The grip were the correct diameter and friction . The elongated ferrule is perfect for scale edge guided stroke . All in all great pencil .
 To put it simply ; it is my prefered writing instrument . I only use a pen when I have to -LRB- i.e. Exams , or a form -RRB- . Firstly , it 's metal well made and well balanced -LRB- twirls so easily -RRB- , this makes it a pleasure to write with . I use the 7mm at work -LRB- since my co-worker uses the 9mm -RRB- and the 9mm at home.The retracting tip is great , so no holes in pockets.Any pencil I 've looked at as a possible replacement cost substantially more!Ok it does have 2 faults -LRB- only -RRB- , the eraser is rubbish , usable in a pinch , I invariably have a proper eraser with me . And the spring clip sometimes lossens , just press in at the base and gently bend back and its working as new -LRB- ! -RRB- . Actually there are two more problems , firstly , once you start using it , other pencils are just nasty , and I ca n't buy them in my local shops !
 This is a super nice pencil and very comfortable to write with . I have rheumatoid arthritis in my hands , so that is saying a lot . I equipped my 0.9 mm model -LRB- the yellow one -RRB- with super-soft lead , and it 's going great.I do have to press the button once in awhile , because the feeding of pencil lead does n't quite keep up with usage . Perhaps that is partly due to the lead being so delightfully soft and bold . It 's not a problem.I changed the indicator to 2B for the darker , softer lead I 'm using . I read one review somewhere that this indicator can be a bit fragile , so I held my breath while I changed it . It did seem like it could wear out easily , but it changed for me , and I plan to just leave it right there . No worries !
 This pencil leaves a very good first impression . It 's heavy , narrow , has a nicely machined body , and is made from very nice stainless steel . It 's a pleasure to write with.Since I often use my erasers , I normally throw the eraser cap away , but not with this pencil . The metal eraser cap must be installed . If you retract the pencil tip -LRB- by pushing on the clip -RRB- the eraser will pop out and fly across the room , dumping out all the lead . Every time . Unless the cap is installed .
 I write and draw for a large portion of my day and I 'm a pencil person . As a designer , I do n't use pens much . This pencil meets -LRB- and exceeds -RRB- all of my requirements . It 's not too fat -LRB- why is there a trend these days to make writing instruments so clunky and thick ? -RRB- , it 's just right . There are small silicone bumps around the knurled metal grip making it very comfortable . There is an adjustable window where you can set what softness of lead you are using . The erasers are the standard , easy to find Pentel ones . I prefer 0.7 mm leads so for me , Pentel has hit one out of the park on this pencil . If you like writing/drawing with a pencil , this is a perfect choice .
 I 'm speaking as physics major , student and tutor , not a drafter or artist . Also , I 've had this family of pencils -LRB- .3 mm , .5 mm -RRB- for over a year now.This is such an amazing machine ! It 's simply beautiful , * sighs ... Ups
 I 've owned two of these now . The first I had for two years before the plastic sleeve under the barrel snapped . The second arrived two weeks ago . Others have really detailed these pencils well , so look at their posts for depth . I 'll just tell you my quick opinion on them.One thing I just have to say about these , beyond the great polished aluminum look , is the feel ! These pencils just feel ` right . ' They write amazing , feel amazing , are sturdy , and take common lead + erasers ; the perfect pencil.Get one today , you will not regret it .
 I know that many of you are probably hesitant to buy this because it is ridiculously expensive for a pencil . I had one of these for the first half of the year and then I let a friend borrow it and he left it in my robotics lab where it disappeared , but I was on amazon , the day I realized it was gone , buying another one , I would definitely buy this , it will make your life better .
 This is a very nice and classy looking mechanical pencil . There is ample room for spare lead and it uses the standard small Pentel replacement erasers . The clip actually retracts into the barrel which is very handy for drafting pencil where the user likes to rotate the pencil while drawing to keep the line weight even . If this pencil were to ever fail , I 'd definitely replace it immediately .
 This is a great mechanical pencil - in fact I now use the .5 and .7 versions of this model more for writing than anything other than my keyboard . The tip easily retracts , it is very comfortable to hold , and if you check the price from various sellers through Amazon you can find it for a little more than $ 10 , which is about 50 % of what other online sellers and some big-chain art stores are selling them for.I liked this the Graph Gear 1000 so much I also bought the .5 , .7 , and .9 sizes and use them all at various times , but if I were going to get just one however , I 'd go for the .7 mm , since its large enough not to break and small enough to not look like I 'm writing with a big black graphite stick ...
 I bought two mechanical pencils at the same time based on their reviews . This one and thePentel Sharp Kerry Automatic Pencil , 0.5 mm , Blue Barrel , 1 Pen -LRB- P1035C -RRB- . I used both of them to take notes for a class I was attending . I liked them both , but for different reasons -LRB- you can read the review for the Kerry on that product page -RRB- . The Graph Gear 1000 is a nifty pencil . It 's comfortable to hold and use for an extended period . But I have to admit , the best feature on it is the retraction switch . Unlike other mechanical pencil 's I 've used where the tip is exposed and you have to manually push it in or recap it , this one is different.The clip on the pencil where it would be used to attach to a notebook is also the retraction switch . When you press the top button , the tip extends and continual pushing acts like a standard mechanical pencil to push out the lead . When it 's in this state the clip is set with a spring switch . When you are finished using the pencil , simple push the clip and the entire tip of the pencil retracts into the pencil . It 's very hand to extend the life of the pencil , but also prevents it from poking into other objects in my bag or making holes in my pocket.It 's a solid mechanical pencil and works great . The extra engineering that went into protecting the tip is a great touch . Also , I boughtPentel Super Hi-Polymer Lead Refill , 0.5 mm Fine , 2B , 144 Pieces of Lead -LRB- C505-2B -RRB- to use as extra lead and it works great in this pencil .
 It writes like any other other pencil , but it just looks cooler . It does in fact write better than any pencil ive used , but the difference is minimal .
 What a difference from the ones that you buy for $ 2,95 at Rite Aid . Well worth the money . I love it .
 I bought this pencil after checking out one of them with my friends . Loved the design . It is a smart model and I highly recommend this pencil .
 The pencil is heavier then most others but it is mostly stainless steel which is heavier than plastic . The pencil takes a while to get used to but once you do it becomes wanderful to use .
 One important note : When you place your order , try to add a comment to package this item carefully . Mine was loose in the box , with the tip extended . Replaced easy enough . Call or chat with an Amazon rep as soon as you place your order if needed.The retractable design is excellent , and the clip recesses with tip extended , serves as a nice reminder to retract the fragile tip . Seems a sturdy construction and there 's an eraser under the top . The lead advances by pressing the top , and I was pleased to discover the adjustments are very fine . Several clicks are required to get a decent amount of lead , and retracting the tip does not retract the lead , so on extension , you 're right where you left off.All things considered , I think this is a great value . Not to be loaned out , for sure . If anyone asks , tell 'em it 's like borrowing a toothbrush ...
 I 'm an artist that requires precision tools , and this series of mechanical pencils works wonders . There 's no ` wiggle ' of the lead as you write . The weight is great and it 's balanced nicely so I feel comfortable holding it in many ways . My only complaint is the spring is so strong when you retract the pencil that if you dont have the cap on the pencil , the eraser may fall off , but that 's minor , and should have the cap on it anyway.The retractible tip makes this a must buy if you 're on the run a lot and need a pencil in your pocket all the time .
 I purchased the .5 , .7 and .9 versions of this pencil . All are very good . Highly precise . The retractable sleeve is a plus . The body is a little to narrow for some but not for all .
 This pen is balance and never breaks leads . Buy some 2B -LRB- darkness level is 2B -RRB- leads and you will have fun writing with pencils . It worth every pinny .
 A great auto pencil . Feels great and is worth the price . It 's definitely one of the best auto pencils out there that do the job .
 Great for designer geeks . Looks and works awesome . It even has a little lead type indicator you can move . For the price I think it 's one of the best you 'll find .
 Got it for my sister for college , since she constantly has to take notes during class . She finds it really comfortable to write with and really quite sturdy.The weight of the pencil may feel rather unattractive , but the mechanics that goes into the pencil makes it so that there is less effort in pressing down on the paper when you 're writing , thus causing less strain on your wrists.Only thing that kept me from giving it 5 stars is the design of the pencil . But that 's simply my preference since I like my pencils to stand out more .
 The precision and control I get out of this pencil is very surprising to me . I have n't ever owned one that I felt like I had the same degree of control of .
 I bought this as a birthday gift for my mother who avidly works on her daily crossword puzzles . She loves the weight of this pencil and ended up purchasing a dozen of them to give to her group of friends that travel together every year . It 's stylish and smooth . Makes a nice gift .
 I have been using this pencil for several years and I rarely remember to snap in the tip and often will just leave it where it lay in my backpack or jacket . Despite the rough treatment , it is in perfect working order , the tip is straight and it even still looks beautiful It is weighted perfectly and feels great in the hand.The only wear and tear on the pencil is that the end of the sticker that wraps around the inside of the pencil weight view is starting to unpeel on one end . This means that if I twist it in one direction , it will catch a little and has caused some discoloration . I am not marking any stars off of this review because the pencil as a whole is just so damn perfect that it does n't detract at all .
 Great product , but it came in a clear plastic bag with nothing else . No instructions , no warranty nothing . It was shipped in a good protective bubble bag and I like the product but some documentation would be nice .
 Metal , retractable tip , good lead , feels solid . I love mechanical pencils and this is my favorite ever . Will buy again
 I bought this one and an &#34; Uni Kuru Toga &#34; and I like the Pentel much more , it 's heavier and does n't feel cheap . The retracting head is interesting and seems to work pretty well . I liked this so much I got the .5 mm as well
 I am always looking for fine point pencil options , and this I found recommended by an author.I quickly purchased one and then ordered two more for other colors of lead.It is easy to use , the lead retracts when you click on the clip , so there is no fear of getting marks on anything.The pencil fits comfortable in my small hands , and the weight of it is perfect .
 This mechanical pencil is superiorly great . It writes how you want it to write . I use it all the time . The grip does n't get loose & the eraser , erases pretty good . I would highly recommend that you get this mechanical pencil but try starting off with the graphgear 500 first . Good Luck !
 I ordered the &#34; Pentel Graph Gear 1000 Drafting Pencil &#34; as well as the &#34; Pentel Sharp Kerry Mechanical Pencil &#34; -LRB- http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0006SW6YO -RRB- at the same time to compare the two . I only bought these because the OHTO Super Promecha -LRB- http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B003BEEANA -RRB- that I had originally purchased , stopped advancing the lead within the first day that I had it.Anyways , I really like the feel and weight of this pencil in addition to the length of the pencil -LRB- for me , the Pentel Sharp Kerry pencil was just slightly too small for my hand , so I use it as my backup -RRB- . I also like the fact that it advances the lead just a very small amount , because I can then adjust to how many clicks I want to give me the perfect lead size . This is the problem that I find with all of the disposable lead pencils that I 've tried in the past . They advance the lead too much that it breaks when I write with it , so I always end up having to advance it , then manually push it back in . Now , with the Pentel Graph Gear 1000 , just two clicks and I 'm good to go!Lastly , I have n't experienced any problems yet like other reviewers do , but if I do get any problems , I 'll update this review .
 People will think I am crazy to spend $ 10 for a pencil , but I believe everyone will know why after they try this .
 I 've been asked about this more than any other writing utensil I 've used . The lead retracts inside when you release the clip , so it does n't break . The knurled barrel with the grippy inserts feels nice . The ring can be set to show what hardness lead is loaded and the eraser is under the cap as you 'd expect . It works very well . Suggest you get lead when you buy .
 I absolutely love this pencil ! The weight from the metal shaft makes writing and drawing a breeze , and for something as pretty as this , I 'd spend $ 12 any day.Also , ordered one before but it got lost during shipping . Called Amazon and wow , great customer service , immediate replacement of my order and even sent it out for 1-day shipping ! That 's service right there
 I bought this pencil hoping to find a writing tool for heavy everyday use -LRB- particularly note-taking in class -RRB- , and I figured I could n't really go wrong for $ 12 , especially when I saw the eye-catching design . Previously I had been using the classic Pentel Sharp blue-barrel automatic pencil , but after extended use my hand tended to get very cramped , so I wanted something with a more substantial grip.When I received it and started using it , the two things that first jumped out at me were the length and the weight . The Graph Gear is about 1cm longer than the Sharp , though it seemed like more at first , but I got used to it soon - the only disadvantage is that it does n't fit in shirt pockets as well . The weight , on the other hand , is amazing . This pencil feels great in the hand , and it 's perfectly balanced when you pick it up to write . I 've found that the extra weight allows me to press less hard while still making dark enough marks , and that makes a huge difference in how quickly the hand cramps up.The design of the pencil is aesthetically pleasing as well , although as mentioned in other reviews the clip is perhaps less attractive than it could be . The grip is great , and the retraction works well.One drawback , which may be more important to some , is that the eraser can be problematic -LRB- because of both low-quality rubber and poor sleeve design -RRB- , something that seems to be common with Pentels . In my case , I was able to swap out both sleeve and rubber with the ones from my Staedtler Elite , and they fit perfectly , so it has n't been a big issue.In conclusion
 when you take lid out of this pencil , little noise occurs.it 's good to use for everyday use for not only students
 My son stole my .5 mm pencil , he denies it of course , and searches have n't found it.So , of course I ordered more of them , these are my go to sketching tools.However I managed to fumble finger it and misorder the .3 size . Amazon was quite nice about it , gave me a discount , since there was some more fumbling on their part on cancelling the order.Anyway , long story short , they arrived and being inherently lazy I thought , what the heck and gave them a try.Had thought that the .3 -LRB- very fine -RRB- would cause issues and break all the time , but the structure of these pencils protects the lead and even someone as heavy handed as me had troubles trying to press hard enough to break off the lead.The units are very solidly built and I have n't had much in the way of troubles with them or their .5 mm cousins.Love the length of them &#34; Needle &#34; holding the lead , allows you to very easily see where you 're applying lead to the paper -LRB- I do a lot of fairly tight crosshatching -RRB- . Also , I tend to use a heavier sketch paper , a lighter paper could possible cause issues as it might well tear through -LRB- remember , I said I was heavy handed -RRB- . Lead &#34; needle &#34; is also retractable , so stabbing yourself is fairly unlikely.Weight , not excessive , the dimples provide pressure relief for the fingers and the pencils do n't get sweaty at all.Downside on all of these , there 's a little ring that you can use to twist and show the 2letter abbreviation for the lead type . That can float free and spin a bit.But highest recommendation on these guys , more expensive , but I think it will last for quite a long time ,
 this pencil is by far my absolute favorite pencil . It 's amazing the difference you get from this pencil just by holding it , super sturdy and very stylish . the functionality is also brilliant ! it 's retractable end feels very natural and the metal outsides are extremely stylish . the rubber grips along the jagged aluminum edges of the pencil fit your hand brilliantly and feel much more natural than rubber pencil slips.my biggest gripe is that it can be a bit of a lead hog , but when using this pencil that does n't even matter . absolutely recommended , I get plenty of recognition at school just by it 's looks , and not even by its function .
 I like this pencil . I chose this pencil because I like to use mechanical pencils . I bought a lot of PLASTIC pencils , which wasted my money . These also breaks easily . I 've had this metal pencil before and it was stolen in class . Since the pencil performs the best , I 've ordered another from this seller . I recommend everyone to buy this if they like Mechanical Pencils .
 Best pencil I have used and at a reasonable price . Has a sturdy build and good weight in the hand .
 Looking for a more economical option than the $ 40 pencils I was buying . I never thought I would find a pencil for less than $ 15 that I really like .
 I purchased a 0.5 mm Graph Gear 1000 before Christmas , along with one for my brother , and I have been using it for well over 2 months now . I 'm an engineering student and I absolutely love how rugged it is . One huge plus for me is that the little eraser , which is Pentel 's standard , is held using a metal sleeve so as not to deform with continued use as the P205 does . It feels very comfortable in the hand , and the gel grips along with the knurled surface are a perfect balance of soft with roughness for grip . It took a bit to get used to the retractable tip that 's held out by the clip , but now it 's very nice . Only complaint I could say about it is when you retract the tip , sometimes the eraser cap can get launched with how strong the return spring is . The pencil is well balanced for wonderful accuracy in detail for equations and diagram sketches . I know my brother really enjoys his , and I 've never enjoyed using a mechanical pencil so much . Pentel did a wonderful job .
 Yes I know you 've been thinking about it , that right pencil to come along and sweep you off your feet . Well I 'm here to tell you I 've found her ! . . And she 's a beautyBuilt from only the finest materials , this pencil has great dimensions and just feels right in your hands . Go buy this right now and stop wasting your time with No. 2 's
 This is beautiful with many good features . I like the very thin lead , which is uncommon . I prefer pencils that are not as automatic , though , because sometimes that feature can be difficult , especially when low on lead .
 Not that I am a pencil aficionado , but I have found writing using this pencil to be enjoyable . It has a comfortable heft to it , and the springs feel strong -LRB- but not too much -RRB- . I use an external eraser -LRB- also from Pentel -RRB- , but the included one erases rather well , without becoming un-removable after wearing it down over time like the cheap plastic ones do .
 One of the only mechanical pencils I have ever liked . I recently bought several so that I have them at home , work , and in all my bags . They are built very sturdily and feel great in your hand . The retractable tip is a godsend .
 As a Drafting instructor , you tend to use pencils a lot . I have many mechanical pencils I acquired while in engineering school . The Pentel Graph Gear 1000 is the best balanced mechanical pencil I have ever used.The clip is something you need to get used to . It serves as a clip for the pocket and it also locks the .5 mm metal point outof the larger barrel . The inter barrel slides in to the pen for safe keeping.I recommend the Pentel Graph Gear 1000 to anyone who is in drafting , engineering or even art.The pen is heavy because it is made of metal.The only issue I have is the way the pencil was shipped to me . It came in a large box that contained an X-Acto sharpener I ordered . The Pencil was put in the box as is with no protection . Someone at Amazon need to have a talk with the shipping guys . The Pencil could have been broken but thank got it was not .
 First off , I do n't use this pencil to draw . I use it solely to take notes as a college student . I can attest to its comfort , which after writing frenetically for hours everyday in class , my fingers are n't falling off . I 've had this pencil now for almost three years , and have had absolutely no issues with its durability or declining performance . The lead has NEVER slipped up or down once I 've selected the correct amount to expose . The retracting mechanism works as beautifully today as it did the day I purchased it . The grip is excellent , providing stability and friction that prevents slippage . I would buy this pencil again in a heartbeat if I ever lost it . I bought this pencil on campus , and on a whim , decided to look it up on Amazon . I RARELY write reviews , but did so for this pencil only because I have enjoyed it so much .
 I 've been meaning to get a mechanical pencil to for doing sketches since I did n't want to carry around a pack of graphite pencils for drawing everywhere I went . A friend of mine told me about this pencil and well it worked . You would n't think much about how a better mechanical pencil could be better but going from a generic mechanical pencil to this one was like night and day.Since this has a little bit more weight to it since it 's made of metal , it gives it a little bit better balance and feel in your hand . The grip is nice in that it 's diamond etching give it a slightly coarse grip with small rubber oval grips for comfort . I also like how the clip is more of an alligator clip so it can grab onto more papers . Though my favorite part is that the tip is retractable so you wo n't stab yourself when reaching in a pocket to get it .
 Writes nicely , feels nice and looks sharp ! I love it!Only thing i would change be the clip , it 's a little flimsy .
 In this review , I will also include how .3 compares with .5 and .7 lead at bottom.First about this pencil
 I got this pencil , not only to add to my collection , but also to supplement my notetaking . I am currently studying mechanical engineering and the amount of super/sub-scripts that I encounter in my daily notetaking efforts is got a bit silly and even my 0.5 mm mech . pencil was n't quite cutting it . I looked on here briefly and landed on this particular model.I particularly enjoy how the sleeve that holds the final portion of the lead to keep it from breaking too frequently also retracts when the pocket clip is opened/engaged . I 've been a fan of pentel for years and this just adds to my respect for their design.I currently carry in backpack , this 0.3 mm , along with a 0.5 mm , 0.7 mm & 1.1 mm . The smallest and largest being my favorite . It is just too bad that 1.1 mm lead is so hard to come by .
 Works perfect for Non delicate handlers like me.The design is so perfect so that the lead stays without breaking .
 I 've owned and used this pencil for about 3 months consistently . Really wanted to get a good feel for it and write an informed review.This is a really good pencil overall . Well built and worth the money . When I write/draw I use quite a bit of force so I 'm prone to breaking the lead on most .5 mm pencils , with this pencil its really not a problem . The lead does break occasionally but not often . Also the way this pencil is built is great , seems like it will truly last for years . I keep my pens/pencils in my front jeans pocket , normally clipped to the side but since I 'd heard one of the flaws with this product was the clip I decided not to do this . The retractable point makes this very convenient and I have yet to stab myself.Now for my cons : My only gripe with this pencil , and its a big one in my opinion , is with comfort . Depending on how you hold your pencil this can be a very uncomfortable pencil . I hold mine almost at the very tip and the way this is designed the grooved edges dig into my middle finger and it becomes uncomfortable in about 15 minutes . As an engineering student this a major problem as I 'm writing and or drawing -LRB- notes/tests/homework -RRB- upwards of 15 hrs a day . This is very disappointing because I really do enjoy using this pencil , so much so that I 've attempted to change my grip . However , more often than not I usually use a pentel forte for normal everyday things . I knocked only knocked off one star because I seem to be in the minority in how I grip the pencil , but I want you to be aware . Still knowing what I know I would still buy this pencil because you just can not beat it for intricate drafting work . -- ALSO , for those of you complaining about the adhesive sticker , it comes off with soap and water . --
 The Pentel Graph Gear line of mechanical pencils are extremely well made plus they just feel exactly right in your hand . They are a very high quality writing instrument .
 I have over 10 different mechanical pencils I have purchased because I have been in a search for the most perfect mechanical pencil . Basically I needed one that did n't break after time did n't cause the led to break all the time , and most importantly
 The Pentel Graphgear 1000 is one of those pencils that many can use exclusively . No need to carry around extra pencils ; just carry around the Graphgear and some lead refills and you 're good to go.Now onto the pencil itself :1 . It has a slim and long shape and the grip feels just right .2 . When you click the pencil for the lead to come out , beneath the clip , there is a nudge where the pencil 's tip locks in place . When you press the clip , the pencil 's tip retracts . This is convenient for people who do n't want holes or marks in wherever they store their pencil .3 . I recommend buying a Pentel Hi-Polymer eraser or just any separate eraser so that you do n't have to use the eraser that comes with the pencil . My extensive experience with lead pencils is that the erasers do n't last long , erase well , and get stuck so you ca n't refill the lead.So , this pencil is a good pencil , although expensive for a pencil . This is good for people who do n't like to carry around a bunch of pencils as well as people who take care of their writing tools .
 Best retractable pencil I 've ever bought . All metal construction , all quality parts , a Lead size that wont constantly break . Buy once , never need to buy something better again . : -RRB-
 I love writing , not the best at it , but still love doing it . But what I hate using is pen , to hard to fix a mistake when hand writing . This pencil has such a great feel to it , very light and well balanced . The choice for lead was great , very fine and helps me at least right nice . Great for students to take notes with , being one myself , its nice to carry around only one pencil and not a ton ~
 I 'm a math teacher , so I take my pencils seriously . I love that the rubber grips reduce fatique when writing . And even better - the retractable point , so it 's not leaving marks everywhere when not in use . Great weight to it , and very professional looking . Love this pencil !
 As soon as I picked it up and worked the mechanism back and forth I could feel how well made it is . It is made of steel - if you are looking for a featherweight pencil this is n't it . And the latch that releases the lead holder back into the barrel is stiff . I happen to like that - it prevents you from accidentally retracting the lead holder , and contributes to the overall feel of using a well made , precision instrument . In my view it 's a great value for a pencil that 's made in Japan of high-quality materials .
 You expect design of automatic pencils to slow down but it surely has n't . Firstly I had have the pentel graph gear for the 0.3 mm and it has impressed me , after pondering , I decided to go for a thicker 0.5 mm and it has n't disappointed.It has a good weight about it and feels great on the hand . The only thing that bothered me was the grip seemed a little plastic -LRB- although it 's rubber and aluminium -RRB- , but it was n't much of a problem.Design wise it is outstanding ! When pressed from the back the lead as well as the front piece that guides the lead comes out of the housing . -LRB- The front part is hidden from view -RRB- When you are done you can squeeze the clip and it will shoot back into the housing . Lastly , you can twist the body to make a small indicator show what kind of lead you are using . -LRB- HB , B etc -RRB- Great product
 This pencil is awesome ! I have several and they consistently delight me . Also , that the tip retracts completely when not in use is a plus .
 I like the grip - the silicone bumps add comfort and traction to the knurled aluminum -LRB- though I 'm not sure how they 'll last long term -RRB- . The best feature is the retractable tip . Not only does it protect the fragile tip , it also prevents the pencil from stabbing a leg or ruining pants in situations when front pocket carry is the only option.For people like me , who are not draftsmen/architects and who will just use this pencil for writing , note that the tip is a bit further out from your hand than with other -LRB- non-drafting -RRB- mechanical pencils . I do n't mind this , but if you like to grip way down near the tip , this is n't the best choice for you . At just under 6 '' , it 's also a bit longer than other pencils like the Pentel P205 . I bought the Pentel Kerry together with this pen . Though I like them both , I use the Kerry more often because it 's much more compact and the streamlined body is easier to carry .
 I love this pencil . I 'm a math major who spends hours upon hours working problems every day . I 've tried all kinds of mechanical pencils , and I 've found that this is THE ONE . It 's weighted perfectly , the grip is comfortable , and it 's really good looking . But most importantly , it 's built like a brick shithouse . Other -LRB- less expensive -RRB- pencils would break - typically the shaft that holds the pencil lead would snap off , which means the lead snaps with the slightest pressure . And they all seemed to magically break during tests . ;-RRB- This one is holding up really well after 2 semesters of heavy use.The only drawback to the pencil is the tiny erasure , but I 've found that I prefer using the Pentel Hi-Polymer erasure anyway - far better than any pencil erasure I 've ever used . Erases even my .9 mm heavy-handed writing without a trace .
 While the Graph Gear 1000 pencils are pricey , they are some of the best mechanical pencils on the market . They feel good in your hands , have a nice , comfortable grip and operate easily and smoothly . Plus , you ca n't find many 0.3 mm pencils , so if you want superfine writing , this is the way to go . Pentel also makes a Graph Gear 500 0.3 mm , and it 's a bit less pricey although it also feels cheaper and is n't as sleek in general , but if you 're just looking for a quality 0.3 mm , it 's definitely worth a shot . I am partial to the Graph Gear 1000 , however , because it 's simply amazing and worth every cent of the $ 15 + you will pay for it .
 I have a .3 mm lead of the same type , and let me tell you what , this is the best pencil I 've ever had . I 'm an engineering student and use engineering paper for everything , and I can write and sketch small details with it , and it 's easy to take apart and un-jam any lead in case something gets stuck -LRB- cuz lets face it , no matter how good the pencil is , its gon na happen eventually . -RRB- One neat little detail is that it has a little spot to turn to indicate what type of lead -LRB- B HB 2H etc. -RRB- you have in the pencil .
 Great pencil . Turns head everywhere I pull it out . At first before purchasing it I thought to myself that holding this pencil would not be comfy since the bottom of the pencil has mostly metal covered areas but boy was I wrong ! This pencil is heaven for people who like to hold their pencil very tightly . It does not cause my fingers to hurt like the number 2 pencils most people use . I love the color of it and the retractable led feature . Some people had said that the clip thingy can break easily but I guess that 's because they 're not taking very good care of this pencil because I 've never had that issue in my 4 months of ownership of this item . I do a lot of writing and sketching wit this pencil and I do n't think I 'll have to buy another one any time soon . Shipping was great as well . I live in a PO box area so that made it a bit confusing and I had to wait a bit longer but after they got that figured out it arrived right before school and I was happy to take it with me on our first day :-RRB- .
 This is a great mechanical pencil . Within minutes of getting it I had it fully taken apart to see how it works . It 's a very good design and I ca n't see it breaking or wearing out any time soon . The retractable tip is a nice feature to keep it protected -LRB- I 've bent lower-end Graphgear pencil tips -RRB- and the grip is good , though I put a piece of paper between the silicone grip and the barrel beneath it so it sticks out of the holes in the knurled metal part of the grip better . Erasers are easy to find for it.I use 3B -LRB- really soft -RRB- lead it as that 's just what I like . When you see other people here say you can `` adjust '' the hardness with which it writes , do n't be misled . The `` adjustment '' on the pencil is just a sticker underneath the hole in the grip so you can show what kind of lead you have loaded in your pencil . I think it ranges from 2B to 2H -LRB- I took the sticker off since I load it with 3B -RRB- . But it is by no means a hardness adjustment . It 's just an indicator . You still have to adjust hardness by switching out lead . If you were to have multiple Graphgear 1000 pencils then you could load them with different hardnesses and spin the indicator to the right setting so you know which lead you 're writing with easily.I use this as my daily writer for homework , labs , and sometimes notes . With the needle-like tip it 's good for drawing diagrams , drafting , and the like .
 I bought this pen at a local store hoping that the pencil is worth the price and thankfully it is ! I use the pencil everyday ! I love the retracting tip and its nice design . I bought the .3 mm pencil and it works fine ! Who knew lead could get that thin ? It is great for drawing thin lines on designs . Yeah , it does cost a lot for just a pencil , but that did n't stop me from buying the .5 mm !
 This is a great mechanical pencil - in fact I now use it more for writing than anything other than my keyboard . The tip easily retracts , it is very comfortable to hold , and if you check the price from various sellers through Amazon you can find it for little more than half an Andrew Jackson , which is about 50 % of what other online sellers and some big-chain art stores are selling them for.I liked this model so much I also bought the .5 , .9 , and .3 sizes and use them all at various times , but if I were going to get just one however , I 'd go for the .7 mm , since its large enough not to break and small enough to not look like I 'm writing with a big black graphite stick ...
 The weight balance and heft feels right , and the knurled barrel is very comfortable to work with for hours . The grip sits a little high , and if you intent to bear down on the lead very much , you may find your fingers slipping down past the grip . The clip releases with a satisfying , sharp clunk.The import pricing on the GraphGear 1000 is quite high . I purchased all of mine in Japan for about US$ 7-8 , and unfortunately it seems impossible to buy at these prices in the States . I 'd still recommend it as one of the best general pencils made , but at N. American prices is something of a luxury.One important note
 I 've had several small diameter drafting pencils , and my biggest problem has been accidentally bending the tip of the pencil , rendering it useless . This pencil 's retraction mechanism makes bending the tip much less likely.Operating the pencil is easy . Pressing down on the lead advancer exposes the tip for writing . Pressing the pocket-clip retracts the tip when you 're done writing.This pencil also has a knurled and padded grip , ensuring a firm , yet solid grip on the pencil.Overall , this is a lightweight , but well-constructed pencil . In stylish and practical aluminum , this pencil is a durable tool . Its extra cost is offset by its durability . Because of the protected tip , you wo n't have to replace it nearly so often .
 This mechanical pencil is super solid not flimsy like most plastic ones . It 's great for drawing schematics . It 's a very comfortable pencil to write with . It is made very well from metal not plastic . I have the 5mm one -LRB- standard size -RRB-
 Two years ago they changed the design of the clip and the one I received has the new version . I 'm assuming the old design has been phased out and not sold anymore . The old design was prone to break and was a big mistake . This one is supposed to be better . If it does last , for someone that is not an expensive mechanical pencil nut , this is the best mechanical pencil I 've ever seen . I had n't used refillable mechanical pencils since school , only disposable ones . I 'm not the kind that would pay more than this for one , but this one works so I 'll do the best I can to not lose it . The grip is very well done and the slow lead feed discourages you from breaking it . If you put 4b leads on this it 's great for soft pencil sketches . If it lasts and does n't degrade after some use , this a 5 star product to me . If the retractable tip starts to wobble after some time , then it 's nothing special , 31/2 stars . You can only wait and see at this point . The eraser feels like no improvement over the old ones I used many years ago . I suppose it suits the needs of people that only occasionally erase , not any sort of art related use . That is fine and I would n't ask for a built in art eraser , but I 'd prefer no eraser on it and a refill cap that wo n't fall off . At least the metal cap on this seems to lock on tight enough .
 Ever since Alvin ` sAlvin Draftmatic Technical Pencil - 0.5 mmquality standards dropped in the mid-90 's I 've been searching for a replacement mechanical pencil . I 'm partial to Pentel , using their PD347Pentel Quicker Clicker Automatic Pencil , 0.7 mm , Transparent Blue Barrel , 1 Pack -LRB- PD347BP-K6 -RRB- , which can be found everywhere and at a reasonable price , but I grow frustrated with `` lead creep ''
 I am a huge fan of this pencil . I am not an architect but just a normal person who likes good pens and pencils . Because of this , I am willing to spend my money on these pencils . My reasons for buying this pencil will vary from people who need it for technical merits.Here 's my likes and dislikes + Makes handwriting neater - the balance and the quality really does make handwriting look much nicer . For a guy without the best handwriting , it helps + 0.3 mm lead . I need something thin because I write in chinese . For chinese characters , the smaller the lead , the neater you 'll write as well as being able to write on college ruled paper which is what I normally use for english rather than buying wide rules paper just for chinese + Quality . Great weight distribution . Great metal finish . Seems very durable from my months of usage . - Weight . While this can be a plus , I made the mistake of taking a history exam with this pencil . Your hands WILL get sore after trying to write extremely fast with this pencil . This is due to the heavy weight as well as a lack of a comfortable grip for exams . The grip is perfect for precision users from what I hear . - Expensive . Many people have wondered why I would spend this much . It 's true , unless your an enthusiast , there 's really no point in spending this much on a pencil .
 This Pencil is the best I 've ever used . No more broken lead while writing and the balance is great , make writing a breeze . Will probably purchase more in other lead sizes
 Within 5 minutes of receiving the pencil it snapped in two while trying to change the lead indicator -LRB- Yes , I loosened the tip first -RRB- . :-LRB- The pencil came in a small plastic bag with nothing else . Also , the clip sometimes moves out of place and start scratching the metal around it . I expected a lot better based on the reviews I read.Edit 2/13/2012
 `` The seller is of 1st-rate customer services . Frankly speaking , I seldom give compliments . But , it turns out to be my best shopping exp . until now . I contacted the seller about my product and the representative responded promptly and extremely courteously . I hope you can try shopping here . Duke Mon 24th/May/2010 ''
 I am surprised at this item and how amazing it performs . The only uncertainty is its test in time . How long will this item hold up ... . because its amazing . All my friends and fellow students are gawking in wonder at this writing utensil . I do n't say anything to them , they just have to use it and start making praises of its greatness . I recommend spending the extra eight dollars on this pencil instead of purchasing a few pencils of lower quality and having them break and not stand up to the quality that was initially though of them when originally bought . Do n't think on it too hard , just dot it , just get it .
 pros
 The product arrive before I expected , and it 's cheaper that the official online shop . It works great . Good seller , highly recommended .
 Nice pencil , definitely you have to buy it.It was a great present for my brother , It arrived on time and was as described in the description .
 The thing that I like best about this pencil is that the sharp end retracts . Because of that , you can cary this in a pocket or something other than a pen case which is a nice change . Second , the grip is quite comfortable and , even after an hour of furious writing , does not slip.My only -LRB- very minor -RRB- gripe is that I am not a fan of HB lead that it ships but you can swap it out with any other 0.5 mm lead .
 I am an engineering student studying biomedical engineering ; I do n't do drawings very often , but enough that I have made use of drafting pencils on a number of occasions . I offer this as some indication of my expertise and background.Overall , this pencil is fantastic . I bought my first GraphGear 1000 before going to school -LRB- a 0.9 mm version , my personal preference -RRB- . I immediately loved the weight and solidity of the pencil ; my script is very small and this pencil was so comfy in my hand that even after extended use , I felt no discomfort which was a boon on those writing heavy exams . The weight also helps dampen slight vibrations and inconsistencies in my writing resulting in very delightful looking penmanship.The retractable sheath is both an interesting party trick to impress all your nerdy friends and fantastic for protection . I keep my pencils in a pocket of my backpack where they can fumble and jumble around - perhaps getting damaged in the process . I can skip around campus without concern because of Pentel 's protective foresight . When retracting the sheath , the loud click is satisfying and very good for stealthily getting your professor 's attention when he 's running over time . = -RRB- It delivers consistent , dark lines that are easy to manipulate ; I relish chances to draw and sketch because of the positively stupendous nature of the GraphGear 1000 . The grip is sufficient , I agree with some others and think it could do without the rubber pads -LRB- although they do look great -RRB- ; perhaps a fully knurled metal grip would be more functional . The pencil itself is quite an attractive thing , it definitely draws attention!I 'm incredibly pleased with these pencils . I recommend them to anyone with heavy pencil usage as it 's not only structurally sound , but possesses a delicate application of lead to paper and looks stunning all the while .
 My husband LOVES this pencil ! He is a mathematician and carries it with him every day everywhere he goes and uses it everyday in school . He purchased one a few years ago and it finally gave out so I got him a new one exactly the same as the last and he was elated . Highly recommend for anyone who uses a pencil daily .
 I am very pleased with this mechanical pencil . It 's comfortable to hold , and I do n't break and waste lead like I do with other pencils . In the picture , it looks like the barrel grip is rubber , but it 's metal and makes the pencil very attractive . At least four people have commented on how professional the pencil looks , and I really like how easy it is to advance the lead with a single click . Retracting the tip into the barrel is a big plus , too . You wo n't go wrong with this one .
 I have been looking for a nice pencil and until now , I have been buying overpriced pencils all about the same . This pencil is unique and feels really nice . I bought it and I 'm going to buy another one .
 I ordered this as a replacement for the same pencil I still have but which was damaged and whilst still operational was sellotaped together.They are one of the best clutch pencils I have used , and I use it mainly for drafting as part of my design work but also good for sketching.I like the way the lead holder retracts into the pen to avoid damage when not in use .
 this pencil is FANTASTIC !! smooth writing , smooth operation , leads barley break ! one of the principle reasons i bought pencil was that my leads were breaking all the time , and my mechanical pencils i used were falling apart . the grip isnt hard rubber , its actually silicon . i love the retracting tip so that i wont dent the tip :-RRB- the eraser that comes with it is also very nice , erases VARY well :D you will not be sorry if you buy this pencil !
 Pro :1 . Retractable Tip - Good for those that drop their pencils a lot . I just dropped Alvin draftmatic and broke my tip . If i had this pencil to start out with it might have saved me from getting a new pencil .2 . Metal Body - Gives you a sturdy feel .3 . Good Look - However the look of the clip can improve . It sticks out too much for my liking.Cons :1 . Plastic Inside - Makes it not ask sturdy as you might think .2 . Flimsy Clip - Not sure how long it will hold up .3 . Lead Indicator - You need to loosen the top to change it . Too tight to just be able to turn it.Anyway , I need to use this awhile longer before I can truly see if it was worth my money .
 I use this pencil to do a lot of writing and I must say it is beyond comfortable . And it draws a lot of positive attention in my classes . The only improvment would be if the eraser had a little more heft to it . But I do a lot of erasing so I always have a block eraser with me while doing my homework .
 This is perfect for us because it uses a film which does n't dry out in the head like an inkjet fax . NOT only that it does n't spit any paper on the FLOOR . Got ta love that!It is the best fax machine I 've been around .
 Works great . Only disappointed that a full type cartrage did not come with it . Soon have to purchase a replacement .
 We had another Panasonic fax for many years and were very happy with it . When it stopped working one day , there was no question we would replace it with another Panasonic . Interestingly enough , by the time the new model was delivered the old one started to work again , so now I 'm looking for a home for it.What I like better about this Ultra-compact design is that it 's even smaller than the previous one . We have very limited space and this is perfect . One disappointment
 I LIKE THIS FAX MACHINE BUT I DO N'T THINK IT IS SO EASY TO SET UP . I STRUGGLED WITH IT FOR 3 DAYS .
 The fax was simple to set up and is nice and compact . It is much nicer than my previous fax .
 I BOUGHT THIS FAX MACHINE BECAUSE I WANTED THE CONVENIENCE OF BEING ABLE TO FAX QUICKLY . I COULD SCAN TO FAX FROM MY PRINTER AND THEN CONNECT THE COMPUTER TO THE PHONE LINES TO FAX . IT TOOK ABOUT 5 MINUTES TO FAX A SINGLE PAGE AND EACH PAGE HAD TO BE DONE SEPARATELY . . SO IT WAS VERY TIME CONSUMING AND AGGRAVATING . I ONLY SEND FAXES AND DO N'T NEED TO RECEIVE FAXES . I TESTED THE MACHINE BY FAXING SOMEONE I KNOW AND THEY SAID THAT THE FAX CAME THROUGH CLEAR.I LIKE THE SMALLNESS AND CONVENIENCE OF THE MACHINE AND SO FAR IT SEEMS TO BE EXACTLY WHAT I WANTED .
 Clear voice , easy instuctions , small design does n't get in the way.The phone cradle design is awkward . I have n't used the fax / copy features , yet . . Seems like a good deal at this time .
 Works well , and compact . For the price we could n't find ANY fax machine locally , and it works very well without any errors .
 Does all I purchased this for . Makes good faxes and have had no problems with it . Nice enough for my needs also small enough .
 Very happy with this fax machine . Have always been happy with Panasonic products . I love its compact size and its reliability .
 I 've had mine for 4 yrs . still works like new.I am a voracious reader and I have never had any problem finding the information that I was looking for.That 's my read.I have no clue what the other reviewer is talking about?Bumpkin.That 's a rather odd choice.The definitions are essentially the same from both products.You see one has to look futher before assuming anything.Bumpkin > Thesaurus > Yokel , peasant , provincial , rustic , country cousin , countryman/woman ; Irish informal culchie ; N.American informal hayseed , hillbilly , hick ; Austral . informal bushy.So what 's the rub?Choice is a wonderful thing.Just wanted to clarify this product is superb and I believe cheaper now than when I bought it.All the best.In all fairness I like accurate information.That 's the core of the matter.Brian D. Fitzpatrick
 Excellent product . I got it for my husband for Christmas because he wore his old one out . He really likes this product .
 It has just about everything I look up . It is a great dictionaryI am very very happy with my purchase
 This is the British English version so it has the right words and omits the wrong ones -LRB- and it gets the spelling right -RRB- . It 's also extraordinarily versatile , combining dictionary , thesaurus , encyclopaedia and any number of tricks for crossword sufferers as well as a few games . Despite having to be imported from the UK it arrived very fast , long before the earliest expected date . I like it .
 I 've had my Seiko ER8000 for 1.5 years now , and I love it ! It 's the first electronic dictionary I ever had , but I find myself using the electronic encyclopedia and thesaurus almost as much as the dictionary . It 's extremely easy to use , and I think students would find it invaluable.I actually came online today to buy another one so I could have one at work and one at home . Wow , it sure is expensive ! I bought mine on-sale last year from Sharper Image for less than $ 100 . I guess that was quite a sale ! Maybe I 'll shop around a little for a better price , otherwise , I 'll be spending a bunch of money on my second ER8000 at Amazon.com .
 It works pretty well , and has lasted us a long time . The only thing is , it 's pretty loud .
 It 's on the loud side for classroom use -- and there 's nothing to let you know that the pencil is sharpened , i.e. , it grinds and grinds.But it 's a tough little cuss and shows no signs of slowing down through the type of hard use 116 8th graders can dish out day after day .
 This pencil sharpener works great ! I really like the fact that it is a space saver and does not take up a lot of room .
 This sharpener is small but does the job . It is cute -LRB- the color and shape -RRB- but not too large . We use it for the kids homework pencils and they love it .
 I really enjoy this sharpener ! This plugs into the wall and is small enough to not take up too much space . The only thing is that I wish I could take this around like a portable one -LRB- without having to plug it in -RRB- , like this one that X-Acto also makesX-Acto The Mini Standup -LRB- Sculptura Series -RRB- Battery-Operated Pencil Sharpener , Black , 1 Unit -LRB- 16765 -RRB- , but the Mini one is terrible -LRB- uses a manual sharpener instead of the revolving one this one uses -RRB- .
 When I received this item I was questable about how good it would work and how it would work . To my surprise it was very powerful and made me happy . Thank you for something small and powerful along with not taking that much room .
 This sharpener may not look as stylish as some of the others offered on this site but do n't let that persuade you from buying it . It is quite strong for its size and sharpens in seconds . I brought this sharpener for my boys and we only use it for home use , but it gets a good work out . We are very pleased with the overall price and quality . Great product ...
 This pencil sharpener works very well , and at this price it is a great deal . Many pencil sharpeners fail after a while and do n't sharpen well , but this one is excellent and gives pencils a nice point .
 I was very satisfied with the sharpener . I gave it to my nephew as a part of his birthday gift . I help him with his homework and it seemed his pencils never had a point.Thank you .
 I use tacks in my job all of the time and I have a weird thing about push-pins . Having been in the military for quite a while , I do a great deal of purchasing and these tacks always hold up well with our maps and cork-board layouts . They last forever.All the Best , SSG Miles
 A perfect gift for an author or anyone who uses a pen . Small , elegant , a nice weight and feel in your hand . The rainbow of colors -RRB- including rainbow - lol ! -RRB- enables you to find them no matter where you keep them -LRB- think black purse and chrome or pink pen -RRB- . Not only is the pen unique in design it is also writable from any angle , never have the ink flow die because you are n't writing from the one angle . We get the one without the clip so it does n't snag on clothes or other objects , easy to keep in a pocket or jacket . Will never buy any other pen .
 From 1962 until the late 90s , I used conventional 35mm film photography and recorded almost all of my images in the 2 '' x 2 '' slide format . I would estimate that I have about 7000 slides altogether . Maybe more . I used them mostly in teaching college-level geology courses . Well , now I 've converted over to digital photography and I get a lot of additional images from Google image searches.The problem is , I want to sort out and save all my old slides , just in the event that I have need for them in the future . Most of the slides are presently stored in Logan Slide Files , just like the one pictured and recently I tried looking for a few additional trays . Well , it was quite a search . Nobody , well , almost nobody , carries them anymore . I finally found a couple and then thought of looking online . Alas , they still live online if I need any more -LRB- quite probably -RRB- , but they 're rather expensive for what you get.The Logan tray is flimsy and poorly made , but I do n't see the need for anything much better . All I need is a place to store my very-seldom-used old 35mm slides and these trays work splendidly.Gary Peterson
 I have no clue what the people that wrote bad reviews on this case are storing their photos in , this is a really nice case . Granted the holder inside the case that keeps the slides together in sets of up to 28 is a bit flimsy , but other than that this is a nice sturdy case . Their are only three ways I know of to store slides , the boxes they come back from processing in , a cardboard box , or a metal case . The plastic cases the slides come back in take up a lot of space , cardboard is flimsy and tears over time , this case is metal and has a plastic divider in it . It is n't bulletproof , but it is nice and sturdy.Overview
 I have been searching high and low , I inherited a lifetime of family slides most dating back to the early 1970s when my family and I lived and toured all over Germany and I was looking for away to organize and store them ... this Logan Electric Slide File , Archival Metal Storage box is an answer to a prayer and PERFECT !!! It 's sleek and sturdy enough to take the worry out of maintaining these slides that me and my family now treasure , thank you so very much !!!
 This is the third Logan Slide File that I have ordered.Good product for the purpose for which it was designed .
 Buy one if you are in need of a pencil . This is my go-to pencil and it works and feels perfect .
 The vaninshing point mechanical pencil is the finest precision writing instrument ever made . I used one of these throughout college and after . Its light , with solid construction , and precise . I only wish they still offered it in .3 mm size . If you love writing , buy one .
 If I lost this pencil I would search the Internet until I found a replacement , and I would expect that replacement to be costly.This pencil is simply the most comfortable I have ever held . The black plastic provides just enough grip and seems almost organic in my hands . The chrome details add some elegance to the overall design . This pencil is well balanced and appropriate for any occasion .
 Have had this for about two months . The vanishing point is brilliant . The pencil is solidly constructed and does everything you could want . I 've already lost the pocket clip , which was tenuously attached to begin with , thus my 4 stars . Having just got off the phone with Pilot USA looking to replace the clip I can also report that their corporate office in Japan has decided to cease distribution of the Vanishing Point in the USA .
 Nicest looking mechanical pencil I 've used , solid build quality and the retractable tip is especially nice since it keeps the pencil from poking things and wo n't get bent like some of mine in the past have when I travel with them a lot .
 I have been using this pencil for a long time . I first found it a my college bookstore on a small display rack - and have been hooked ever since -LRB- 15 + years -RRB- . These things are amazing ... When I find them at a good price I 've taken to order 3 to 4 at a time due to me wearing them out at a rate of about 1 every 2 years or so -LRB- eventually for me the upper plastic housing cracks , likely due to how much pressure and writing I do with them -RRB- . I 've been able to hold on to them for a long time , I never loose them -LRB- both due to price but also due to how much I treasure them -RRB- . Even my wife knows how much I value them . I consider these an essential device for my work and it looks and feels professional . In college , I took every exam with the exact same one -LRB- the first one I bought -RRB- and graduated with honors - call me sentimental , but that one -LRB- call it Pencil 0 -RRB- sits in its own special housing on my desk at home - I 'll wear out its cousins !
 I love how this pencil works like a pen but acts like a pencil . By being able to retract the point , I do n't have to worry about it scratching up anything or poking through and ruining my bookbag . I also love the sleek design . My only problem would be the smearing , but that would be a lead problem . Hopefully , this will last long as other reviews indicate because for me , 12 dollars for a one lead pencil is expensive , though this one seems worth it .
 Drafting Pencil , Refillable , 0.5 Millimeter , Black Barrel -LRB- PIL50028 -RRB- Category
 I had one of these years ago , and it was one of my favorites . The retractable point had a bit of a flimsy feel to it , though it never broke . In fact I used this pencil for about five years until it finally was lost . The price now seems too high .
 I used this pencil or a pencil like it almost 20 years ago in graduate school and really liked it . Ran across it again on the internet about a year ago and bought six of them . If you tend to lose your pencils , then this pencil is probably not for you as it is a little pricey . Otherwise , treat yourself to this fine mechanical pencil .
 I used one of these -LRB- in .3 mm -RRB- throughout college , finally wearing it out after more than a decade -LRB- actually I broke the barrel -- snapped it -RRB- . This is without a doubt the finest precision writing instrument ever created by man . Buy one .
 This is absolutely the best mechanical pencil available , period . I 've owned -LRB- and worn out -RRB- three of these things over the past twenty five years . I use them constantly , and keep a spare in the event my main unit becomes lost . The retractable tip is a key feature of this pencil , and prevents holes from being drilled into your shirt or bag . Very solidly constructed , and has the best `` in hand '' feel of any mechanical pencil I 've ever tried . I was thrilled that Amazon sells these things and recently bought a replacement for one that was lost . Excellent product !
 Yes , this pencil is unbelievable well constructed . Unlike other retractable-tip mechanical pencils , what causes the tip to go back inside in not a push from your finger , but just a harder push on the plunger , which is good in keeping you from accidentally poking yourself . I strongly agree with the previous reviewer that this has the best `` in hand '' feel of a mechanical pencil .
 I had to purchase them off the Pilot website picked up two at first then decided they were something special so I picked up 5 more . They are semi heavy which is why I like them I do n't like lite whispy pencils I was using drafting pencils for drawing on Bristol board but these are just a treat . I just hope 7 is a lifetime supply or maybe one will last me 50 years : -RRB-
 I 've had these retractable pencil pens since my university days where I used them for calculus , programming and sketching . I still own my original 20 year old one -LRB- although repaired -RRB- together with two additional pens which I bought through the years and use with different pencil hardnesses.First of all , its retractable ! so you 'll never sting yourself , nor damage your shirt pocket and mostly , the point is always protected so you do n't risk damaging this fine instrument nor the lead . It has a little ring that can be locked in place with a little window that can be set to show the kind of lead hardness its holding . Naturally it has an eraser under its mechanism button with a small needle to unclog any broken leads from the machanism.One word of caution though
 I 've had a pair of these for years , and love them . I use them every day for engineering and woodworking.Around the office the nib design is great both for detail drawing and protecting my clothes from holes being poked in them . The lead type indicator is a nice touch.In the shop , I have found it to be highly dust resistant . It sits over my lathe or on my workbench and has been unaffected by years of exposure to fine sanding dust . The nib protects the lead when marking cut lines even when resting the pencil on the toolrest and marking a piece turning in the lathe .
 This is the best pencil I have had the pleasure to own . Anyone obsessive about precision , structural elegance and design excellence will surely have found a new permanent pocket fixture . I study electrical engineering and this pencil simply can not be replaced ; it makes any extensive hand calculation , note-taking or sketching session a pleasure .
 The weight is amazing ... not too heavy and not too light . It 's an amazing tool for just about any kind of paperwork . The retractable tip is extremely nifty . The pencil itself is very sturdy , and has a nice grip to it . The lead indicator is a nice extra touch.Overall , this is a perfect pencil , nicely weighted , looks beautiful , and has enough features to sway anyone . The only gripe would be the lack of a retractable eraser , but since that would add length , I 'm happy to say that this pencil is definitely worth buying.It 'll sit right next to my 0.7 Technician II for whatever purposes = -RRB-
 This is the best pencil I 've ever found , and have been using them for over a decade . Never had one break , and have only had to buy new ones because I lose them once in a while . Is a great product .
 Good hemp twine is hard to find . You can find plenty of bad , lumpy , fuzzy twine , but twine like this -- polished , smooth , even , and strong as hell -- is worth paying extra for if you take pride in your finished product , which I do . Worth the price .
 This paper is better than bubble wrap sometimes . You can scrunch it up and use less .
 I bought this organizer to hold plastic file pouches that contain my recipes . This works great and fits nicely into my kitchen cabinet .
 Nice dividers , options for storage division . Could be a little larger to allow files and magazines to slide easily from side to side , while browsing .
 Why would anyone check reviews on a product like this ? But , you reviewers have helped me . So , here it is
 I ordered this folding table on Oct 2nd , and finally yesterday , Oct 27th , I received it.It is very solid and beautiful than my imagine , I made a table linen -LRB- blue and white check pattern fabric -RRB- for it two weeks ago , and when I covered it , oh -- it is great.I think it is good for study table or kitchen table , either way it is worth to buy .
 We were pleased to find this folding table that is much more portable than the old one we had with the wood/composite top . It should be perfect for extra guests on the patio or to use when I have a craft project to work on or jigsaw puzzle to put together . I can use it to display merchandise for a yard sale or craft sale too.It folds up so it takes little space and has a handy carrying handle as well .
 We purchased this unit sight unseen , to be used for a high-end presentation . After we received the unit , we were overwhelmed at how the good the presentation and case looked . THIS CASE REALLY MADE A DIFFERENCE . I was so pleased , we bought 3 more cases just like it . I holds the pages securely , is easy to use and the shoulder strap is fantastic .
 Over the years I have finally used up in my vegetable garden all my supply of this type of string . And no one locally carries the smaller round balls anymore . So I was happy to find this item as it is exactly the same plys and strength as the smaller round balls that I use to string up my pole beans.Merle
 Like a previous rater , I have finally used up my cone of light gauge string I use for tying tomatos and pole beans and pepper plants . 6 ply is perfect for this task . Butcher twine is way too heavy .
 This receipt form booklet is simple but suitable for giving a quick receipt to my tenants when they pay rent and utilities , and the price is right .
 I am very pleased with this purchase . I had gotten the same thing some time ago from a local bookstore , but could n't get another like it so was very pleased to find one here . Will buy more , but would like it if the S/H could be a little less expensive .
 This is an great product . Fits in pocket comfortably and does the job especially the metric converting . This is the second one I have had . My first , an early model , has worked for me for the pass 8 years on constructions sites including falling from my pocket on to a flooded floor from about 10 feet up about 31/2 yrs ago . I let it dry out and it has continued to working even now . I bought this new one as the first one is a bit tacky looking now .
 The metric & fraction conversion functions are helpful & easy to use . Perfect size & well layed out .
 I like this small conversion calc . Easy to see numbers and works fine for my use . Does n't need too much light to operate it .
 Had a pocket-size metric coversion calculator for years . When it &#34; disappeared &#34; , I could n't find one locally anymore . Saw this on Amazon and bought it immediately . Easy to use . Like that it comes with a cover .
 My recent purchase of a Sharp Electronics EL344RB 10-Digit Calculator from Amazon was a calculated decision after searching for yonks to find a replacement for my 20-year old metric conversion calculator . Turns out that the one I have just bought is the 21st Century version of my old one ... and it performs even better !!! I 'm very pleased with my new `` working tool '' and can tell we 're going to enjoy a long and satisfactory working life . Thanks to Amazon !
 This is a Nice easy to use calculator , for quick conversions Metric/English , very durable with a flap cover . Recommended for construction field work .
 I have over 100 high quality fountain pens including 6 Caran d'Ache pens ranging from $ 350 to $ 850 . I also have about a dozen `` low end '' pens I do n't mind taking to the office . This `` low end '' Dunas has a steel nib and light plastic barrel and cap ... but it is as dependable -LRB- or more so in some cases -RRB- as my high end pens . The fine point nib is very smooth and lays down ink the first time , every time . One of the very nice things about this pen is that the cap snaps on rather than screws on . This is helpful in the office environment because it speeds up the use of the pen . I bought two of the Dunas ' , one in blue -LRB- for blue ink -RRB- and one in red -LRB- for red ink . -RRB- The box is very cheap but there is an added bonus
 I really wanted an old rotary phone , so I thought it would be a good idea to get this one . I sure was right ! The dial was great , everything was in shape , the sound quality was great for an old phone like this one . I keep this old phone on my desk . This phone was built sturdy ; my cat knocked this old phone down and it did n't leave a scratch . It 's great to have a land-line phone like this one in case of an emergency . So far , I am pleased to the maximum with this phone , and I would definetly recommend this phone .
 Very well made , of good weight , very like the old ones.David
 For some strange reason I 've always wanted a red phone perhaps because so few people actually had them when I was growing up . Great ring . Quality item .
 My husband and I both love this phone . I was worried that the handset would be too heavy but it 's not . The phone is well constructed and not a bit flimsy .
 Everything about this purchase was great . Came earlier than expected , great price , phone works great , and my wife is happy . Could n't get any better .
 I have been wanting a red phone for my office and found this one that not only looks GREAT but reminds me of the phone my Grandmother had when I was a child . It brings me a lot of joy just to look at , but it works well too ! I am very pleased with my purchase !
 I bought this phone because I was tired of NEVER being able to find the cordless phone in my home . I had a Pottery Barn phone similiar to this one , but never seemed to have good reception so decided to try this one out.Even though it does not have caller ID , it is exactly what I was looking for . I have received MANY compliments from people on how cute the phone is and it sounds great!Would highly recommend purchasing : -RRB-
 This phone works well . and it looks much better on my oldfashioned phone stand than a modern phone .
 This was just what my grandson wanted for his birthday and he loved it !
 The red is a real retro red . Nice and heavy . Already getting lots of comments on it . The ring is great and not annoying like todays phones . The only issue I have is the earpiece sits a bit lopsided on the crade . Whats up with that ?
 Cutting to the chase : Pros :1 -RRB- Looks great ! You would n't be shopping for a retro phone if looks were n't important , would you ? 2 -RRB- Sounds great ! I 've been missing the audio quality of the old style Bell Telephone head sets since they disappeared in favor of digitals and cell phones . Apart from wearing headphones or earbuds plugged into your phone , this is as good as it gets . The earpiece volume is adjustable , so if you 're hard of hearing the higher volume setting will be of value to you . At the low setting , this is perfect for those without hearing difficulties .3 -RRB- No caller ID or other modern features - like recorder , speaker phone , etc. . Is n't that the whole point of going for the retro style ? But if you need it , see workaround below .4 -RRB- Ringer can be turned off.Cons :1 -RRB- Some have complained about the sound of the ringer . If the ring tone bothers you then perhaps you do n't really want a retro phone afterall , but know this
 I am glad I ordered this retro phone . At first I was worried because so many people made complaints about its performance , but I decided to give it a try . I wanted an old desk phone that worked because my home is full of Depression Era furniture . This phone works fine and has no problems with my computer modem with the filter hooked up . The feel of the phone is classic and to my preference . Yes , a retro phone lacks caller ID , easy no-hands operation and a longer cord can not be installed , but I really do n't need those things because I have a primary cordless phone . However , when the power goes out here -LRB- as it often does -RRB- the cordless does not work and without a direct line , our family can not contact anyone . So , I love this phone , its look , its feel and its performance.My only complaint is Amazon 's shipping . I had ordered this on May 3 , 2012 and it did not arrive until May 23 , 2012 . That is 20 days in transit . I chose the free shipping via USPS and it was supposed to be here within 12 days . So I waited 3 weeks for delivery . I found out that USPS partners with FEDEX and uses what is called FEDEXSMARTPOST . This FEDEX service decided to ship my item to my city only to re-ship it out across country because they literally were too bothered to deliver it . I tracked the package down and called USPS to be directed to FEDEX and they explained this to me . Their reasoning was that `` the package might have been loaded in the back of the truck and the sorters decided not to deliver it '' . Amazon also was unable to help and stated that I was at the mercy of the shipping company -LRB- FEDEX -RRB- and they would give a refund , but they would not help re-direct my package back to me . So after being shipped originally out of Colorado , then to Arizona , to my city in New Mexico , then off to Los Angeles , back to Arizona , Colorado , Arizona again and back to my city , it arrived 3 weeks later.So , free shipping does not come free . Yet , after all this , I still like the Crosley Desk Phone and decided to wait it out and I am pleased with the phone . I would never choose free shipping again and think that is a scam on Amazon 's part because they use the cheapest and most unreliable shipping service to do so . I will order from Amazon again , but learned my lesson on their `` FREE '' shipping option .
 If you are old school , you will love this . The heft of the handset feels right , the ringer sounds exactly how a ringing phone should sound , and the numbers are arranged just as Alex Bell intended -LRB- they are also pitched in a way that 's easy to read -RRB- . I added an eight dollar BellSouth caller ID -LRB- which also works as advertised -RRB- . I have had zero problems with the Crosley phone . It is just what I wanted , and I am pleased with it .
 Love the Crosley desk phone . Looks vintage but has the push buttons that are so necessary today . I 've had it with cordless phone never being able to find the damn handset can drive me crazy . Also have you ever really seen an attractive cordless that worked with an decor except very modern ? There are some or least one disavantage to the Crosley : the ear piece is very heavy not made for those who cradle the phone in their necks . But good incentive to keep the conversations short !
 I love my red phone . It not only works great , but it also looks very classic . The only problem I have with it is that it 's hard to go hands free with it , however , it is possible . I just think this is a great phone .
 Gave as a gift to spouse . Loves it . It rings beautifully . Clear ringing sound and no static when talking . Had purchased one from Pottery Barn and that was a disappointment as could barely hear anyone on the other line . This Crosley phone you can hear the other person very clearly . Wanted retro and got exactly that . Very happy .
 I decided I needed an old school phone , of the vintage variety , and started looking online for a 1940 's bakelite rotary dial desk phone . I quickly learned that anything I wanted was too much $ $ . I knew Crosley made vintage-style radios/ipod docks -LRB- as I have one , and love it ! -RRB- . I already trusted the brand and knew the quality would be good . So when I found this phone I thought `` perfect ! '' and ordered it . I was very excited when I took it out of the package , as it is exactly what I had hoped it would be ! It feels like a bakelite phone - similar weight and texture . But it is NEW and in perfect working order , and it was far less costly than what I was finding for similar vintage phones . Instead of a rotary dial it has push buttons , which is better for my young son . I am very satisfied with this purchase ! If you want the vintage look and a high-quality product at a decent price , you will like this phone .
 Looks great . The phone is plastic instead of metal and that is only OK . I like the look of it but not as much the feel . Still , a good phone . Decorative and functional .
 This phone is so adorable ! My home decor is whimsy vintage but I was still using the hulking gray multiline phone left by the previous homeowner . After digging through every antique store in 3 states to find a phone I liked that also featured the modern conveniences that I 've been spoiled to , I finally gave in and took to the internet . I own a Crosley record player and bought another one for a friend and we both love the vintage look with state-of-the-art features . This Crosley product does n't disappoint ! It looks precious and fits into my phone nook perfectly . The red is a fun pop of color . While it feature a faux rotary dial , it does have the capability to change the dial from a `` tone '' to `` rotary '' -LRB- basically meaning you 'll hear the sound of a rotary dial when you press a button -RRB- . Be advised that some phone services , like mine , are not compatible with rotary dial of any kind and will not recongnize dialed numbers in rotary mode . My favorite feature , that I did n't realize I had until I called myself on my cell to check out the phone feature , is the music that plays to the person on the other line while they are on hold . I was so excited about it that I actually called both of my parents at work just to put them on hold ! :-RRB- I actually wanted another Crosley phone so badly that I was disappointed to discover I only had one landline phone jack in my house . If you 're looking that classic look with all the modern features , Crosley is the way to go !
 This was a great addition to our home decor . The phone has a great classic ring and good quality sound and weight . Great price and fast shipping from Amazon . My step-daughter loves using the `` old '' phone , she 's 8 . My only wish is that you could actually turn the dial but the push button dial is nice too . I really missed just sitting down with a regular phone to talk into . Would definitely recommend to anyone .
 Love this phone , heavy enough so it does n't slide all over my desk or fall off my desk when I pick it up to use it . Other phones Ive purchased in stores were so light weight they would fall or slide off my desk when I picked the receiver up . The reception is great , I love this phone . I actually look forward to using it . The red color is awesome !!!
 It 's beautiful . I bought for birthday gift and my mother love it . The color is excellent and sounds great . Easy to handle and I connect my caller ID and funtion perfectly with the telephone . Excellent Purchase !
 Love this phone ! It is great quality . Heavy and precise . You will get tons of compliments and if its a gift ... they will love it !
 I love this phone ! My favorite features are the heft of the handset and the ring -- it 's just like the one at my grandma 's house ! People on the other end of the line kind of sound like they 're in a tunnel , but I think that 's normal for land lines ? I have n't had one in about ten years . I can totally understand and hear the people on the other end , it 's just a different quality from using a cell phone .
 Very cool looking phone , and we liked the weight of the phone , feel of the hand set and ring . It felt just right . However , despite plugging the phone into two outlets , the static was significant enough to make the phone unusable . We were very dissapointed . Easy return , though , and obviously not everyone has had this problem.Amended review - I am now giving it all five stars , just to be fair , because , after returning the phone , we bought a different phone at Radio Shack , and had the same static problem , and then found out the static was not because of either phone , but because we needed to have a filter on our internect connection . We are happy now with our non-replica phone as it was cheaper , but I wish I had kept the Crosley one in the first place .
 Phone arrived quickly . Looks great . It 's of sufficient weight that it does n't slide around when using it . Nice nostalgic ring to it though I wish the volume had more adjustments . All in all very happy .
 This is the heavy duty , easy to hold , desk phone with the familiar old-fashioned ring . The flash and redial features are incorporated in the face plate . This is a great product .
 I love my retro style red phone , it 's perfect in the kitchen . Besides the 1940 's look it SOUNDS like a phone when it rings . It does have two draw backs , so I would n't have it as an only phone . First it is heavy , the part that you hold up to your ear is very heavy -- so I do n't use it for long conversations . Second , it does n't have a redial feature . But for occasional use in the kitchen it 's great .
 Do n't buy an extra cord for the receiver nor for the phone ... they ca n't be attached ! The phone does n't have the unplug/plug-in feature that all standard phones have nowadays . Truly , the only actual rectro-feature aside from it 's dear old fashioned looks , wonderfully comfy handset , and weight ! -LRB- this phone does n't leap off desk or counter !! -RRB- is the non-removable cords.I love it , but now have an entirely useless red cord of longer length . * sigh *
 love this phone . it is substantial , has an old fashioned ring and circular `` dial '' with touch tone buttons . just what we were looking for .
 This is the heavy duty , easy to hold , desk phone with the familiar old-fashioned ring . The flash and redial features are incorporated in the face plate . This is a great product .
 I received my Crosley 302 phone and am fairly pleased . The quality is decent , it gets high marks for retro styling and seems to be well made . My only complaints are that ringer is weak even with volume all the way up it 's not nearly as loud as a true vintage phone and I would have preferred a more authentic cord on the hard wired handset . For the low price though it is acceptable and these issues are minor .
 We were looking for a telephone which was something different for our den desk . This telephone is a winner ! It is solidly built , heavy , and very authentic . The ringer is not the bird chirp of modern cordless phones , but sounds just like the original metal bell ringer with adjustable volume and on/off . The handset is quite heavy but angled to fit your head -LRB- unlike modern flat brick designs -RRB- . Sound quality is excellent and the dial is unique . We love the phone and Amazon had the best price out there .
 I love my phone . It 's beautiful . I often let it ring several times before answering it , because the sound of the bell is delightful . The handset has weight and size in my hand , and my friends ' and family members ' voices sound like my friends ' and family members ' voices ! Oh , and did I mention that it is red ? A feast for the eyes even when it 's just sitting there ! There 's no annoying answering machine blinking a to-do list at me when I come home from work exhausted -LRB- if it 's really important , my cell phone has voice mail ! -RRB- Thank you for selling me a product that has brought back beauty and pleasure to telephone communication .
 I am happy with this purchase . What a cute retro phone ! I am a bit diappointed in the background noise -LRB- slight static , slight buzzing -RRB- when talking on this phone . The noise is not loud enough to ruin a conversation .
 I wanted a telephone that looked cool and sounds good . I have a ton of these portable phones -LRB- and generally they work OK -RRB- - but sometimes nothing sounds as good as a phone plugged into a plain-old-telephone -LRB- POTS -RRB- line . This phone 's sound quality is very good - and ringer options are such - that you can turn the nice ringer off if needed . The thing is also very heavy . Could be used as a weapon like in the old Three Stooges Movies movies .
 Love this RED phone !! It is a simple , no frills perfectaddition to our landline phone needs . It is so easy touse . I love the retro look and feel of it .
 I had looked a real 40 's phones on ebay and they were expensive and generally did n't work . I saw this on Amazon and thought , this look is what I was after and this one works ! It 's not the cleanest sound , but quite acceptable . This phone lets me feel like Clark Kent sitting at my desk at the Daily Planet newspaper .
 I bought this phone for my home office and I the style of it is quite nice . The ringer is a legitimate bell rather than a digital tone . It offers the niceties of turning the ringing off , though , as well as volume adjustment and tone/pulse options for the dialing . Further , expected with phones of this shape , it has the cut out in the back so you can reach in and get a hand hold should you need to move with it -LRB- or just move it -RRB- . Because it is an old-style phone , it obviously has no caller ID.The only drawback on this phone -- for me personally -- is the shape of the handset . In the picture it looks a little flatter but in reality it comes to a slight point -LRB- pointed edge in the center of the handset from ear piece to mouth piece -RRB- . This does n't look bad , but it does absolutely prevent you from holding the phone between your ear and shoulder . I have a habit of doing this and consistently squeak the phone out from under me . If you 're a person , like me , who has a habit of holding the phone with your shoulder , I 'd look elsewhere.Other than that , I love the phone .
 I had stainless steel phones at our bedsides , but they were difficult to use and the keypad quit working on one of them . These very nice black phones have worked out well . Fast delivery too !
 The only complaint I really have is that the dial is a little crooked . I wish it were a real dial , but the phone looks and works great !
 Looks and sounds great . Nice heavy feel . Buttons work well . Its black . Its black . Its black . Its black . Its black .
 This phone is able to take rough handling and keep on working . The phone is subject to being pulled , pushed , dropped , bumpted . The phone is heavy and stable and so far it has n't broken . Other phones in this service are too light and fragile and last about one or two weeks . This phone so far has gone a month and is no worse for the ware .
 I 've been trying to find this red phone ever since Pottery Barn discontinued the color . This is a nice deep red like the picture.I have one in white . The audio on these is great . I can really hear and there 's never any feedback . The push buttons work nicely , the ring tone is a jolly jingle - just like the old days!If you 've got a traditional room -LRB- or not -RRB- this looks a lot more in keeping than a ` modern ' phone . I must say , however , that the &#34; Princess Phone &#34; is beginning to look vintage . The weight is good ; it does n't go carreening onto the floor and sits nicely on the table.Scrumptious .
 Only place i could find such a unique item and at such a reasonable cost . It arrived in plently of time for Christmas .
 First off , this is a quality , solid metal phone . It sounds as good as one can expect an analog phone to sound , and it 's sturdy enough to take a serious beating . The finish on the brushed steel model is nice , and seems to resist fingerprints pretty reasonably . As an added bonus , the ringer in this phone is an honest-to-goodness old-school bell ringer . Seriously . No cheesy electronic imitation ring here . Really , the only downside to this phone is that the handset cord does not seem to be detatchable , which means that undoing tangles is a lot more difficult than it should be , and that if that cable ever gets damaged , well ... so much for the phone . Maybe that was done to keep this reproduction true to the original Crosley 302 , but that seems like a minor enough detail -LRB- and a big enough inconvenience -RRB- that it could bear modernizing.Speaking of which ... there 's another review that complains about the lack of caller ID , and that it 's uncomfortable to hold on one 's shoulder . Well see , the thing is , this is a reproduction of phone model that 's nearly 70 years old . That 's how the handset was shaped then , so that 's how it 's shaped now . If they changed the shape in order to make it more comfortable , it would n't be a reproduction any more , it would be a whole new phone . That would really defeat the purpose -LRB- and eliminate the novelty -RRB- here . And as for Caller ID , well , it 's enough that they replaced the rotary dial with touch-tone buttons in a circle ... I think caller ID might have been pushing it with this design.Long story short , this is a great phone if you 're going for a seriously contemporary/retro look and wo n't need to use the phone that often ... but certainly do n't choose this as your primary phone . It 's more form than function .
 For anyone who wants a wonderful retro phone -LRB- i.e. , not sure the era of it but it seems very 30s-40s to me -RRB- , this is it . My grandmother had one of these and it certainly looks and feels authentic . It is substantially heavy -- the handset has weight to it , just like her old handset . We have an old house with a phone nook so this looks just perfect . I thought the price was pretty reasonable too . We also have the wall phone counterpart to it in our kitchen and that looks and feels great too.The only potential downside to the phone is that everything is hard wired into it -LRB- i.e. , you can not change out the handset cord or the wall cord if it becomes damaged or you want something shorter -- it 's that authentic ! -RRB- Hence , if you are going to do a lot of stretching of the cord , sitting far away from the phone , etc. it could potentially pose a problem down the road if the wiring becomes loose due to wear and tear . That being said , any electrician 's repair shop could probably fix it and whose to say that will even happen . Crosley has been making phones for years and their products are solid and well made . In my opinion , the benefits certainly outweigh any concern associated with this aspect of the phone . I would highly recommend it and the wall unit to anyone interested in this classic look .
 if you 're looking for an old fashioned phone without the dialing action , this one fills the bill . great sound quality , nice weight , good button response , and so far , no glitches . it even has flash & redial buttons cleverly disguised in the center of the keypad . no caller id lcd or phone number memory , but that would really spoil the retro charm . we use an antiquated ameritech caller id machine with it , and the two get along fine .
 The phone is very cute and suits it 's purpose nicely but beware . If you are experiencing large amounts of crackles and whines -LRB- sounds sort of like fax machine noises -RRB- it probably needs a DSL filter / silencer thing . It did n't cost very much and I was happy it fixed the problem . I like the phone very much now .
 I remember my parents having a black phone just like this when I was a little girl . This phone has the same weight and feel like I remember ! Every one who has seen it loves it as much as we do .
 I would recommend this to anyone looking for a good quality wired phone . Very well built , and works great . It actually has a real , old sounding bell when it rings and feels nice in your hand . And on top of everything else you could use it as a weapon if you needed to , cause it 's so sturdy and heavy .
 Beautiful phone ! I love the heavy handset , with wide earpiece ! Just like the old days ! Very good sound , and overall quality!I just wish the ringer would be more adjustable -LRB- too loud on softest setting ! -RRB-
 I have purchased these to use for anaglyphic procedures in my office , and they are perfect . They are easy to wipe clean , durable , great color . My only complaint is that they are no longer available !
 Outstanding quality and price . Excellent customer service and rapid delivery . I price check everything for my small business and this Seller is excellent . Extremely competitive prices .
 I have a girlfriend with whom I speak every night and she hates and despises cordless phones . She says that she always knows when it 's a cordless because she hears background noise . This VTECH phone is so clear that she does n't know when I use it . Believe me , this is no small feat . I have other cordless phones in the house and she immediately notices if I use any other one !
 I 've had this phone for a couple of months and am very pleased with its overall performance . It 's tough to beat the performance and features , for the price.The handset reception is clear , even through 4 walls with metal frames -LRB- I do n't even have to extend the antenna -RRB- . The speaker phone feature is very good although the handset speaker phone seems to provide somewhat less quality than the base unit but still quite acceptable . There is ample memory for number storage . Programmimg the phone and accessing the features is uncomplicated and straight-forward . Really , my only beef is the handset cradle . Its design does not hold the handset securely enough and if you 're not careful about setting the handset in the cradle or if the wall , on which the phone is mounted , is substantially jarred , the handset can fall out . It 's happened to me , 3 times - and onto a tile floor ! However , the good news is that only minor damage has resulted - nothing a little crazy glue could n't handle . The phone is still operating perfectly - a telling attribute of its durability.Without hesitation , I would recommend this product .
 I have had this phone for nine months and have had no problems to date . The range is good . The speakerphone is also excellent . My only problem is that it would have been nice if the phone had a clock on its display . Other than that it works excellent .
 This item was a gift , based mostly on the fact that it had a speakerphone feature . The quality and durability of the handset were just a bonus.The speakerphone is one of the better I have used . The mic pickup is excellent and does not requre the user to raise his voice at normal distances . The pickup is such that it delivers a clear tone ever across two rooms . The quality of the speaker is good as well.There is a nice ` intercom ' feature between the handset and base unit that works well . Could be useful in the future.The caller ID info is shown clearly and the system to manipulate the info in easy , if not intuitive.There is a second battery charger set into the base unit . Not only does this allow you to have a second battery charged , but it will power the base unit in case of a power failure . I do n't know of many other cordless phones that work without external power.Other nice features include an accurate voicemail light , easy to use beltclip , headset jack , and number storage.As for the durability ? It passed my two-year-old 's test with flying colours .
 I really recommend it for clarity , feel/weight of the handset , features and price.I tried Sony before this one and was disappointed -- especially with the poor clarity.The Directory feature is really nice -- It works like a cell phone directory . It holds 50 names/numbers which you can copy from Caller ID . -LRB- It wo n't tell you if an entry is a duplicate , though . -RRB- The Dual Speaker function is really nice allowing me to have a speaker phone anywhere . The base is in the living room , but I can still use the speaker phone in the kitchen or laundry room . I am soft-spoken and people are able to hear me when I 'm several feet away talking normally.The clarity is great . Extending the antenna on the handset does n't seem to make a difference , though.The display is easy to read compared to those that are green.The Caller ID is great because I have it on the base and wherever I have the handset . I do n't have to scurry to another room to see who 's calling . It 's also easy to review and to erase any or all numbers listed.I 'm not sure how far you can actually travel with the handset , but I did go to my car and it worked fine.Also , I really would recommend putting it on the charger when leaving for work . I do n't think the battery lasts very long if you 're using the phone much.Although I have n't tried it , it 's nice that a headset input it available . I would expect it to work well .
 I have the 1932 and the 1922 and am really pleased with both - well thought out buttons , loud button sound , choice of four rings , volume control , backlit display , etc. . One problem is that it does n't stay in its cradle well when wall mounted , but if you need it for a night stand , like I do , it is great . The Caller ID feature is awesome with scrolling and time stamp which I find particularly useful . Pick one today and if you are n't happy take it back . ... .
 I 've owned a VTech cordless since ' 96 , and when the lines on the display started to `` go '' from old age , I was thrilled to replace it with the 1932 because it had precisely the features I wanted -- speakerphone on the base and dual Caller ID -- with none of the ones I did n't -- a second line or answering machine.Unfortunately , the Caller ID on the base is not all it 's cracked up to be.It does display the incoming call information while the phone is ringing , but you are unable to scroll through -LRB- or place calls via -RRB- the stored Caller ID information . This is one of my primary uses of CID , mostly to check `` who called '' before dialing in to get my messages , so this is a major dissapointment.I have emailed VTech 's customer service regarding this issue , but they did not bother to respond.Also , the speakerphone in the handset is unimpressive . It cuts in and out and really is n't useful for carrying on a conversation . It 's serviceable for waiting on hold , but even then it can be difficult to tell the difference between the party picking up , and the phone cutting out . This is a minor issue because I rarely use the speakerphone on the headset , just that on the base for listening to messages.Other than that it is a nice phone with good quality , I just wished I 'd bought it from somewhere with a more leniant return policy . I would have taken it back and waited for `` next year 's '' model , which surely will have these problems fixed .
 I tried phone after phone in my home office . They all buzzed and zapped near the computer . This one works with no interference ! I love it ! The features , as the spec sheet and Amazon reviewers have noted , are tremendous . The phone is easy to use and has a speakerphone on both the base and handset . I ca n't believe how many features -LRB- and no interference ! -RRB- came on a phone that was so inexpensive . This is a great buy - you wo n't regret it .
 i have used vtech phones for over 12 years . this model has been one of the most durable phones i have ever owned . i have been using this particular model for almost 8 years . thats right , the same phone . i have had several others by vtech and various companies but none compare to this one . it has been my yard phone , the one i always carry with me out side when i work in the yard . i ran over to my moms house one day which is 3/4 of a mile from mine , standing in her yard i kept hearing a phone ring . i was wondering why she did n't answer the thing then i realized i had gotten in the vehicle with my phone and it was my phone that was ringing not hers . i answered it and talked to the caller . i was amazed it picked up at that distance . i love the intercom . when i was pregnant , since my uncle did n't have a phone he would carry the handset to his house at night in case i needed him . it has great clarity . usually about he the second day we would swap he battery with the spare . great feature as we always had a charged battery . with this i can even use my cordless phone if the electricity goes out . i keep looking for another phone like this one but just ca n't find one anywhere . these older models are just disappearing . and the newer ones i do n't care how many ghz it has just does not compare to this 900 mhz . and durability ??? this one has been through alot and just keep on working . dropped in dishwater , rained on , ca n't count how many times it has been dropped , left outside over night , dog toted it off for a day or so , i ran over it with the vehicle but it was fine only broke the antenna the first time . does not have as great a range now but still great for just around the house . the second time i ran over it i had left it on the back bumper and headed to town when i got back it was laying on the pavement at the end of my driveway . low and behold i hit it . it cracked the battery cover a little and cracked the caller id screen on the inside . but this baby is still working better than any phone i have tried since it . but it has been grounded to house arrest since then for playing in the street . . lol honestly , i do only use it inside now as i said it has been through alot the past 71/2 years so i do try to baby it now as it is my favorite . i dread the day it does die on me . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 In the process of setting up my home office , I needed to find the right phone . My company recommended a corded speakerphone , but I like to be able to move around when I need to . I spent several months and purchased a corded speakerphone and 2 cordless phones . I was n't happy with any of them . Either they did n't have a mute button on the handset or they did n't have one of the features that I was looking for.I needed a Spread Spectrum -LRB- security -RRB- cordless phone with a mute , msg waiting indicator , and -LRB- if possible -RRB- a speakerphone for those long teleconferences that I could just listen to . This phone had all of those features AND sounds good regardless of whether I use a headset , the -LRB- cool -RRB- Handset speakerphone feature , or the base speakerphone feature . And it was much cheaper than other DSS phones that I looked @ in the stores.Great Phone !
 You get value added from the fax machine . It 's got a 900 Mhz cordless phone , answering machine , a plain paper fax and its compact . Not to mention the cost effectiveness of the product .
 I looked around thoroughly before settling on this one . The most critical feature for me was the ability to automatically separate fax from phone calls without human involvement -LRB- there are plenty of machines that can do this -RRB- and serve as an answering machine . I also wanted plain paper and relatively high quality faxes . That is has a cordless phone is a bonus but the fax from handset is a bit bizarre -- how far away from the fax could you be that you ca n't push ` start ' or ` receive ' . The speakerphone is good enough to listen in on conference calls or to dial hands free , but it is only C + quality for the poor people listening on the other end . There are many other features -LRB- internet faxing for inexpensive bulk faxes -RRB- that ambitous small businesses may find useful , and I will never use.In the end it was a decision between buying this versus those swiss-army-knife-like 5-in-1 units . I had used the inkjet versions and been completely frustrated by the poor construction and lack of durability -LRB- yes , all of them -RRB- . For the laser versions it would have meant spending about $ 200-300 more for a unit that inevitablity sacrified quality of at least of the functions -LRB- say , fax and scanning -RRB- in order to squeeze it into one box . The reviews of others on Amazon support this to be true pretty much across the board . I 've opted for getting a good fax -LRB- this one -RRB- and continuing to search for a solid , inexpensive laser printer .
 Very compact cordless phone , copier , fax machine with many fax related functions . It keeps a written log of all of your phone calls . This really good good for busines . Great investment for a home based business .
 This machine is not only very fast , but also has the feature of cordless phone usage and easy access to send a fax from any location in the house .
 If you want things to stay in place this is it . PLUS you can remove it ! I have used it in our RV to hold things in place while going down the road . It works , it 's clear and it does not show.By carefully prying underneath with a knife or thin edge you can pry things up to move them . If the tape sticks to the surface you can just push hard with your finger until you end up with a sticky ball . Like super rubber cement in a roll!Mounting flat things on a wall is not a problem , if the weight is reasonable and you have enough surface to apply the tape . If the item extends out and is heavy , that is a problem . The longer you can hold the mount in place the better the results . Seems to let the adhesive setup.Buy this big one . The small ones cost too much and you will find lots of uses for it . I have .
 this tape is the bomb ! i ordered all my kids a stove guard and this tape works like a dream . it goes on easily and it comes off easily . it has so many uses - i am quite impressed with it ... love it !
 Proudct arrived quickly and was the item I ordered . Saved a lot of money by purchasing from Amazon.com .
 I looked all over the stores for book rings this size . I am making book for my play therapy practice and these are sturdy , open easily , but not too easily for the small kids . I thought 100 would be too many , but I think it wo n't be long before I have used them all .
 I purchased these rings to make mini journals for my students . I wanted rings that were small since the journals were made of half sheets of paper and I wanted to be able to easily add new sheets to the journal . These rings were exactly what I was looking for . A few were broken or would not shut tightly , but I expected this from my experience using binder rings before . There will always be a few that wo n't work . Overall LOVE these and will order again !
 I 've looked for these rings everywhere but could n't find them so finally ordered from amazon.They work great but I wish they had smaller package ... like 50pcs ? --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 7 months later ... I used these rings for many things but I also found several defected ones !
 They 're 1 '' binder rings , they 're relatively hard to find , they 're affordable , and they work . That pretty much sums it up !
 I bought these , believe it or not , to put on the bottom of music recorders -LRB- instruments -RRB- for a black belt system . The kids tie the yarn to the ring for each `` belt '' they earn . It is perfect for what we use it for !
 Of the 100 rings in the package , 2 were entirely too loose to use . -LRB- I would n't have been able to count exactly , but my project involved assembling exactly 100 items . -RRB- Others varied in the tension they provided , but the 2 were completely useless . I get that it 's not exactly a high-end product , but a 2 % failure rate seems high to me . Still , you probably wo n't do any better , and I 'm sure some boxes are 100 % perfect . Just be aware of it , in case you are planning for an exact quantity.The 3/4 '' size IS very difficult to find , and this is a reasonable price compared to the ones I saw at my local office big box stores .
 I got these to use for making behavior picture rings to use with my son who has autism . I looked all over town for these and finally got them from Amazon . I wish they came in a smaller box , but the price was good and they are good quality .
 Very handy tools - not only in the office but also but anywhere you need to bend anything immediately . I even used those rings like key ring.I do recommend this product .
 Such a great price and the product works just as it should . The clasps stay closed and they are n't too easy or hard to open . These are perfect for the paper/print samples I send out to clients .
 If you are looking for a quick copy , answering machine AND fax , easy machine to set-up and use right out of the box , and no special equipment needed , this is the fax to buy . Love that it has a cordless phone . Also love the fact that it knows the difference between an incoming call and a fax . The only problem with the cordless phone is that it is n't a long range use phone . Can only go from my office to half-way through the house before I start to hear static . But that is the only downside of this product . This would make a GREAT gift for anyone .
 I tried this ink after using some cheaper brands . The colour and viscosity , is just right for writing and rendering that unique document .
 This ink is good for two-sided writing on bad paper , unusual among fountain pen inks . It is `` washable , '' so parents can give it to children without worrying , and of course it is not good for writing checks . It is erasable/eradicable with sulfate-sulfite eradicators like the Pelikan Super-Pirat , which is useful for students and for personal editing . Like most blue inks for fountain pens , this ink dries to a lighter hue and shade than most blue inks for ballpoint , rollerball and gel pens . It is a little bit darker than Pelikan/Cross Blue and Parker Quink Blue . The new bottle is a good shape for no-spill opening and no-spill filling . This ink is safe for old pens , and it is almost pH neutral .
 This ink is from Sheaffer 's new factory in Slovenia . This ink is one of the best for writing two-sided on bad paper ; it almost never even `` shadows '' through . Most other fountain pen inks are not well-behaved enough for two-sided writing on bad paper . This ink is washable , so parents can give it to children without worrying . It can also be chemically erased/eradicated by sulfate-sulfite eradicators like the Pelikan Super Pirat , which is convenient for students . I like the blue color , too -LRB- darker than both Parker and Pelikan/Cross blues -RRB- . Furthermore , it is free-flowing and almost pH neutral , so it is safe in new and old fountain pens alike .
 It 's good ink , but not quite as intensely blue as I remember the older Skrip . However , since you ca n't get the older Skrip ink anymore , this does a fine job .
 I bought this to go with my Sheaffer Viewpoint and am now using it with every pen I own . I 've used Parker Quink and Chelpark , but still recommend the dark rich blue of the Sheaffer Skrip .
 On a certain level ink is ink - how much more can you say about it ? There certainly are questions of durability , strength , permanence -LRB- also known as washability -RRB- , and the tendency to bleed through a typical sheet of paper . On those counts Sheaffer Skrip is outstanding , especially in terms of durability and strength . What I particularly like about Sheaffer 's Skrip over Parker 's Quink is that Skrip is less likely to bleed through a sheet of paper to show on the other side . As far as washability/permanence goes , both brands can be got out by pre-treating with Simple Green or hairspray -LRB- or both -RRB- . Loyalty reasons aside Skrip works fine in my Parker , Sheaffer , Eversharp , and Esterbrook fountain pens just fine and I 've come to enjoy it over Quink . More importantly Skrip is available in a far wider variety of colors than Quink , including turquoise , purple , and brown , not to mention green , which has been discontinued by Parker .
 Reviewing ink is ... not easy . Let me put it this way , this ink is great . The price for the ink is more than reasonable . The look of the ink on paper is great . It flows well out of my waterman pens . This is a nice blue color . I can not say much else except it is a nice ink .
 The ink worked very well , and I will buy more in the future . It arrived very quickly and was well packaged .
 As of in days of old , when Shaeffer fountain pens were the epitome of fine writing instruments , and anyone who anyone had a Shaeffer fountain pen in his pocket , Shaeffer Skrip Bottled ink is quality ink . It lays down a nice line on the paper , very smooth and even . I 'm not wild about the color of this blue ink . It 's a purplish blue , not the nice bright true blue of yesteryear . I love the bottle . It 's nice and stable on the table as one fills a fountain pen . I just do n't spill ink in filling my fountain pens from the Shaeffer Skrip Bottled Ink bottle .
 It 's blue , comes in a bottle , and goes in your fountain pen . It would take work to screw that up . I 'm a recent fountain pen fanatic and started a collection . If you are interested in the older pens , then you will need bottled ink . Went with with a name brand , not much of a price difference anyway . Works well and is a nice shade of blue .
 I have tried many brands of ink for fountain pens and this one remains to be a good product . Not many still like using pens I find .
 I 'm giving this 4 stars -LRB- relatively -RRB- because it is so difficult to find 6 '' rulers these days . I 've gone through several of these . They 're OK and work decently for my purposes but there is a weak spot in the middle . After a while , every single one of these rulers I 've used would crack down the middle line -LRB- length-wise -RRB- where the plastic is thinner . Very annoying becuase the rulers then feel a lot more flimsy than they feel already . And usually I 'll play with it until it breaks all-together . Until I find something better , this is still a 4 star item in my eyes because for the price , they do provide me a lot of service .
 I wish I could 've selected the color of the ruler I wanted . My son was not too happy when a pink one came in thru the mail so I had to give him a different one to take to school . Delivery was perfect and right on time !
 The product was great and the customer service was outstanding . I would order this product from here again .
 Love this call log . Great to jot down messages of both incoming and out going calls . Easy to carry in purse or computer bag . Great value for the price .
 Cheap , thin , and gets the job done . I 've looked at other phone log books and find that this one is better laid out . I also like that 's thin . Plenty of space to write a short blurb of the message . My only critique is that I think the name of the caller should be the first item listed , or at least the second -LRB- currently it 's the third , after date and number -RRB- .
 We have used these log books in our practice for over 7 years and would n't use anything else . They are great , detailed , easy to use and anyone manning the phones can take voicemail info down and everybody else in office can go back and look at the details . we were very happy when amazon starting carrying them , as office max was sporatic with having them in stock and charged more .
 My 3 year old son loves to play with this , especially making big numbers . The only complaint - it is a really messy thing because of all those circles lying around in my living room : -RRB-
 Wow this chair is so comfortable ! It puts no stress on your bottom whatsoever . It feels like your whole body is being lifted . Not your bottom pressing against the chair 's surface . Therefore , you can work longer sitting down in this chair without any pain . This chair has many adjustable features as said in the advertisement , and it does just that . It all works very well . Besides comfort , this chair is quality . Pure quality . It is very solid . The parts that you put together when you assemble it , you can tell its pure quality , the peices that go together are thick and heavy duty . The wheels roll very smoothly with no effort . I tested the chair on tile , and some of you may know , how much noise a rolling chair can make on tile ... but this chair ! MY GOD ! I was amused and kept rolling around my house with it haha . It was solid and quiet . Has a very , very nice feel to it . The arm rests are quality too . It should last forever , unless a dog chews on it daily ... but that should n't happen .
 Although this item is classified under toys , please do n't buy this thinking it is . Sure , it 's listed under toys/games , but take the time to read the product description where it clearly states that it 's an adhesive . Anyone who 's spent a fair amount of time either as a student or working in a classroom will recognize the name and know that Sticky Tack is a teacher 's best friend.But if you are n't a teacher or student , and if you 're looking to buy a toy for yourself or a child , do n't buy this
 I 'm writing a review , just because the other review posted for this item is completely absurd . Items get categorized according to a category tree , which can be subjective . As this item is often purchased to hang children 's party decorations -LRB- which are in the toys and games category -RRB- , it has been listed in the same category . I have purchased it many times and used it to temporarily hang my preschoolers artwork in our home . It 's handy to have in the all purpose family `` tool drawer '' and my son likes to use it in his macaroni creations . So here is 5 stars for the simple - all purpose - goodness of sticky tack .
 i 've used for many yrs and ca n't stand the cheaper and thinner pads . expensive but worth itxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxx xxxxx xxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
 This monitor stand is worth every penny , and considering the price , that really isnt that many pennies . What a monitor stand does is it raises the monitor to make it easier on your neck to view . I have an IBM laptop and I place it on top of the stand . With the stand , I probably have to look down at most about 10-15 degrees . Before the stand , I would have to look down at about 35 degrees . This does not seem like much , but if you spend alot of time staring at a computer screen , your neck will be sore . Buy this stand and your neck will thank you .
 One of the least expensive ways out there to raise your computer screen to eye level . I am 6 ' 3 , so when I sit I am still pretty high in the air . With this stand I am able to sit with great posture and look straight ahead to my screen . I would definitely suggest getting one of these if you 've ever thought about raising your monitor up off the desk .
 I use my notebook computer the way most people use a desktop computer - constantly and in one location . I already deal with neck and back isues , and the additional strain and pain I was experiencing , especially in my neck , led me to try this product . It is perfect and does exactly what it says it does
 I bought this laptop stand when I found out that my laptop could drive dual screens so I could have different items on the two screens and drag stuff between them . So now I have the center of the screens at the same height , side-by-side . It is really nice to have twice the screen real-estate . I figured that mostly I would put background stuff on the laptop screen -LRB- like email -RRB- and use my big hi-resolution screen for what I was activly working on . But , now that the laptop screen is up at eye level , I tend to use it just as often as the big monitor ! It turns out that my dislike of the laptop screen had more to do with having to look down at it , even though I was not aware of that until I got it raised .
 The stand is a great height . It is now much easier to use my laptop - no neck strain and shoulder strain from having to sit and type in an uncomfortable position . The criticism I have is that it is difficult to get to the USB ports in the back of my laptop . I would also like the top of the stand to be a little more vented for cooling the laptop .
 This stand raises my monitor to the prefect height . I have my 15 '' MacBook Pro on a laptop cooler inside the stand . If you use your laptop primarily as a desktop then this set up works well . But if you remove the laptop often , it 's kind of a pain plugging in -LRB- and unplugging -RRB- all the cables -LRB- monitor , usb , headphone etc. . . -RRB- when the laptop is inside the stand . If you have the desks pace , it 's easier to keep the laptop outside the stand .
 I have a hard time finding the right height monitor stand . This Targus stand is perfect . My laptop fits under the monitor on a pull out draw . Love using this product !
 I did buy this twice because the first product I received did not have the risers . Once I called the company , though , the service was very quick . They scheduled the item to be picked up and was quick to credit back my account . Because they were so responsive , I decided to order the exact same item .
 i would estimate that this would be perfect for an LCD monitor up to about 21 '' . above that , considering that this thing is 100 % plastic , the bottom support beam would probably crack if the monitor tilted too far to either side.It gets the job done for me because all i really wanted was something to lift my monitor about 7 '' without having to use a shoebox or phonebooks . and now i also have some storage space for my extra desk junk .
 My laptop has a 15 '' screen , and has great resolution . My company was going to give me a CRT as the monitor with the docking station . Now my laptop screen is at the right height to see , and I wo n't get eye strain from a CRT . One unexpected benefit is that now , the laptop keyboard is at the perfect height when I 'm standing , showing something on the puter to a coworker . It also pivots quite well . Save the money on an extra LCD and get this !
 This stand works great for bringing the monitor up to eye level . If you want to sit comfortably ... get rid of back and neck strain ... this Targus Stand is definately the way to go . And ... the price is right !
 It is a nice stand . It was pretty easy to assemble . The pull out tray is a good feature that I didn ; t see offered in most other similar products .
 I 'm sure it 's been over a year since I purchased this stand and I am extremely pleased with it on every level -LRB- including eye level =-RRB- . Seriously , It holds up my 24 '' widescreen dell monitor effortlessly . Looks good and if I need to add the extension some day , at least I have that option . I was actually looking to buy another one and place them side by side and use the other one as a `` shelving '' unit , where I could place my modem , wireless router , ooma system , etc. . . If you can find the all black version of this product -LRB- which is what I purchased from amazon/this page , you will not be disappointed .
 I use this device for a HP Mini ... is the only solution that fit me . Really great desong for smalll places . Lo ve to be able to see the pc screem more close to my fase sinse is a 10.1 '' screen -LRB- small text -RRB- .
 This is a great value . I have purchased two other brands that were considerably more expensive . This might not be as attractive as others , but it gets the job done . Easy to assemble . Sturdy . Perfect for our needs in the office .
 This is a very sturdy and attractive solution . I am completely pleased . Sure beats the stacks of medical claim forms I previously used to raise my LCD monitor.However , the version I received had black pillars that matched the rest of the stand rather than the silver I see pictured at Amazon . There is also a good sized stamp with the brand name `` TARGUS '' which faces the user . Neither issue is a bother to me .
 The laptop and docking station fits underneath the monitor stand with room to spare . It works very well . The only issue I have with it is , the stand is not adjustable . I have it sitting on a normal height desk . I am tall and it is still higher than it should be . I find that I am looking up at the monitor instead of level .
 Excellent product ! Perfect fit . I 'm very happy and my desk area looks very well put together !!
 Very functional design . Be sure to measure your laptop though . My IBM ThinkPad barely fits because of the width .
 Yes , it is adjustable but only in certain steps . Kinda like a stacker where the fewer pieces you stack the less height you get . but otherwise this product offers what it sells . No more no less . Not a fancy stand that we see on some expensive catalogs but definitely worth the money . Pretty sturdy too for a laptop at least .
 I was looking for something I could put my monitor on with room underneath for my laptop , and this one is great . Even if your computer needs to be opened slightly for it to work , it still fits . There 's even a tray to slide the laptop out , although the cords do get in the way , making this difficult . The stand is very sturdy so I 'm not nervous about putting my monitor on top of it . The only drawback for me is that I 'm short and the stand raises my monitor a bit higher than I 'd like . It has extenders to raise the stand even further , but it would be nice if it had shorter legs , too . Otherwise , it 's great , and gives me a lot more room on my desk .
 Love it . Am using it with the extra extended height/legs . I use it to place a regular 15 '' LCD on top , and store my laptop and dock underneath . Looked a bit bulky/big at first , but after a few months of working with it , the large size makes it easy to accomodate monitors of many different sizes . Have greatly reduced my neck strain at work , no longer looking down at the screen on my laptop .
 Inexpensive yet serves a specific purpose well . I 'm happy with this purchase and will likely buy some more in the future .
 I 've used off brand refills for Cross pens and they do n't measure up with ink smoothness . For the little price difference you ca n't really argue against buying the real thing .
 I 've had my Cross pen for over 20 years , managed not to lose it during all that time , and all the maintenance it has ever required is to buy more refills . The refills work as great as the original , and the ones I just purchased were as good as they have always been .
 The pen refills arrived very quickly -LRB- although in a huge box , relative to it 's size -RRB- . Just what I wanted . Writes beautifully in my Cross pen .
 These Cross refills are great , they harley dry out after leaving them inside your car for lengthy periods , it is a very reliable product .
 It is nice to be able to purchase products and get extra parts too without having to go to a store . .
 Iteem arrived on time was exactly as advertised and the price was right . Will reorder whenevever I am in need .
 I bought these as a gift and they are great . They had been very hard to find so I bought two of them .
 These refills are perfect for the fine Cross ballpoint pen . They are genuine Cross brand , very good writing quality , and at a very competitive price
 This fits into the Cherry wood pen I received as a gift for Christmas . It writes smoothly , is a fine lined end tip and does n't clog . Great for replacement refills .
 The Cross pen and refills meet every expectation for quality , price and usefulness , and replaced one used in past years . Thank You - paul
 I have a Stylus brand pen from the 1980 's I had been saving it since it was in a special tin and featured a looney toons character . After all this time it is only worth $ 15 so I decided to start using it . However after all that time the ink was useless . After a lot of research I found these were supposed to fit . Fit and work it did ! Now I can use my Taz pen !
 This was just want I wanted . I could not find it in the store I shop at so I was so pleased to find it on Amazon .
 My application
 These work for any size label I want to do . I can make very small labels all the way up to full sized labels .
 Avery strikes again . Their labels are the best . A bit more expensive than others sometimes , but priced well on Amazon , and top quality , so they are worth paying a bit more for .
 I use several different sizes of Avery labels , and recommend the entire line . These labels let me print out full-page shipping labels which go onto boxes and envelopes . Professional appearance , and I do n't have to search for the Scotch tape !
 They are avery full sheet labels which are great when you need to make your own size labels and do n't need the provided sizes they have
 These lables are easy to work with and go through the printer smoothly without an problems . Ink dries fast and does not smear . Perfect to use as shipping lables for eBay and PayPal packages .
 I used these labels to make a board game . The were applied to bingo chips , chipboard , and wood without issue .
 I use these to print stickers for a variety of craft projects . They are good quality stickers . My printer prints these without any smearing and it is thick enough that I can cut all sorts of shapes and they hold up . Scoring on the back helps peel off the backing with ease , no matter what shape you cut .
 The reason I bought these labels is because it is basically one giant label sticker that you can punch out any shape needed for your crafting or business packaging . Ca n't wait to use these labels ! Thank you !
 I use these to print wrap-around address labels and they work very well . I format the address labels in Adobe Illustrator -LRB- can also do in Word -RRB- and then print them out using the full-sheet labels . I used to print out the labels on regular paper and glue them to envelopes but found that they would fall off in the process of mail delivery so this is a more fool-proof and easier way to make sure your labels stick .
 I was looking for an item that I could customize with my printer . This item is hard to find in the retail stores , and the price was right . It worked great with what I had in mind .
 These labels are great for any household labeling needs . You can easily cut out any size and shape . I used them to make labels for cables in my home theater set up . Worked perfectly .
 These labels were just as described . One full sheet , which provides the freedom to make any size sticker within the 8.5 &#34; x11 &#34; parameter .
 I needed non-perforated full-sheet labels to feed through my cranky printer in order to print address labels . These work great and do not hang up in the machine .
 these are good quality labels and they stick very well . I bought them to print on and then cut out for some costumes . They stuck to our fleece pajamas all day even after taking them on/off several times !
 For any projects you need odd size labels , these are perfect . Used for a label inside my Christmas cards - worked and printed perfectly .
 Stick well , ca n't see through them at all . Easy to peel . Would definitely buy again ! I just set the printer to print no receipt , cut the first invoice and then use the other half for another label . Works great !
 I use these labels to make lip balm labels and they are very good quality . So many ways you can use them ; very versatile .
 I am constantly buying things online and in-stores and find myself needing to print out mailing labels more and more often these labels really help out with all my shipping needs .
 Bought these thinking I could use them for my Beef Jerky labels . If you 're needing a smaller label for your product packaging do n't buy these . However I 've used them for shipping and they 're very useful . Easy to print on and easy to peel .
 I have used other labels before for my business , and they barely stick . These labels are a bit thicker and stick very well . The only downside to that , is that you have to make sure you stick them to the right place the first time . Repositioning is tough . That said , they print up well , have never jammed my very expensive laser printer and that is the reason I am reordering some right now .
 I was looking for some labels for my home-brewed beer , and these did the trick . They print well , and they 're good-quality adhesive . I highly recommend them .
 I wanted to give home brew as Christmas gifts this year and these labels were the perfect size for beer bottles . I just used an inkjet printer and it worked well -- no bleeding , even when there was condensation on the bottle . I would highly recommend these as beer labels .
 Labels are thick and strong . Adhere well but are also easy to peel off if necessary and do n't leave that sticky residue . I like these medium size labels to make shipping labels , thank you & other stickers , to label my storage bins and for labeling storage boxes . When I write on them with permanent black markers it does n't seep through . Ca n't think of anything negative about them .
 I used these labels as wine labels for homemade wine and they are perfect ! They even completely covered a label underneath . You would never know there was a label under this one . We used an ink jet printer and these went through the printer without issues and looked great !
 I use these labels to put on bottles of my home brew beer based on Austin Homebrew 's reccomendation . They work perfectly ! They peel off sheet easily and stick to bottle well .
 I use these labels on bottles and they work great . They also work as shipping labels -- a good size that allows for readable-sized fonts .
 These labels are great , especially if you 're doing high-volume mailing -LRB- direct marketing , etc. -RRB- ! Just make sure that all the labels are oriented correctly and properly loaded in your printer . Small mistakes can increase your expenses if the labels do n't correctly print .
 Versus the non-TrueBlock labels these are somewhat thicker and visibly greyer . I also found colors to reproduce duller -LRB- no suprise -RRB- . If you must have the no-show-through feature then they 're probably fine , otherwise I would opt for the normal shipping labels .
 Great label !! Just as described . It prints out perfectly , as long as you make sure to set the correct settings . Just make sure to let it dry after printing before handling it . It will smudge the ink if you do n't let it dry , as with most all home printed items . Great product though !!
 These labels work well . I use them for printing out graphs to put into my lab notebook -LRB- I 'm a chemist -RRB- . Sometimes I 'll just print one or two graphs at a time and peel them off , leaving the page intact for the next batch through the printer . Works okay this way , although my HP Laserjet leaves some residue on them with each pass through the printer , but that 's a printer problem .
 Sometimes I use these as shipping labels , but I also use them around the house for organizing boxes & drawers . I like that they 're big - that means I can cut them down to just the size I need , and stretch out my supply a bit , too.The TrueBlock technology works .
 Ca n't believe I found these labels at this price . I an going to order more as soon as I can !
 Advertised this way
 The item is high quality and very easy to work with . I recommend this product and would definately buy again . Thanks Amazon .
 I 'm using these to ship photos of my children to my family members out of state . Glad to just have a big box of them vs. trying to figure out how to best ship them each time . Be careful opening the box though because the envelopes are right inside . I drew on one of them opening the box with an ink pen .
 I 've purchased these before from a different vendor so was n't sure if it was the same product - hesitant to try . BUT they 're perfect , and a great buy ! I love using them to send out CD 's and photos . Items always delivered un-damaged , no bending or breaking . Adhesive lasts throughout entire delivery process so no need to worry about the package opening like other brand envelopes do .
 Rigid enough to protect photos . Item was exactly as expected -- reviews and description were spot on . Would purchase again . Good product .
 Very sturdy envelopes , holds 20 5x7 photographs easily . I 've been using these for a year and I 've never had a client -LRB- knock on wood -RRB- complain about bent portraits -RRB- . I also tape down the flaps before mailing , but I do this on all envelopes anyway so it is n't really a problem for me .
 We bought these to mail photos and they were rigid enough to protect them . Shipment was fast and we 'd highly recommend getting them .
 Getting bulky business supplies to the Big Island , at a decent price , is VERY tough . These mailers do the job well , are very reasonably priced , and ship free to my remote corner of the world . I LOVE Fulfillment by Amazon ! Now , if you guys would just include us in your Prime program , my life would be complete ... ok , maybe not complete , but even better , for sure .
 I use these mailers to ship 5x7 photo cards for my Etsy.com store . The A7 size envelopes just fit in this mailer . I can fit 2 to 3 cards in one mailer . I have never had a complaint about the edges of the cards being bent ; however , I will probably go `` up '' a size the next time I order . As others have mentioned , the `` rigid '' description is not entirely accurate . These are more stiff than the free Priority Mail envelopes , but they are much less sturdy than a `` photo mailer . ''
 While the mailers are acceptable for my needs , they are not as rigid as expected . `` Please Do Not Bend '' must be added to the envelope .
 I use these to mail out 5X7 and 4X6 photographs and do n't worry about them being bent . The Post Office ones I do n't trust because they seem too flimsy . The only reason for no 5th star is that I have to tape down the tear tabs because they pull apart when you tape down the flap .
 It 's a good way to buy this in bulk . I found that the price at the local office supply place for a purchase item of one was about three times as much . This is much cheaper to purchase . The quality is a bit less though , the fiberboard is barely rigid . It will protect some pics , but not fantastically well if the envelope gets abused . I find that it is a great way to ship a CD or DVD though . The adhesive is good quality , but I usually supplement with some strapping tape .
 Great quality for photo mailing and a much better price than the local office supply store .
 I use these to mail photographic prints and CD 's . They are heavy enough and stiff enough to resist bending , while not being so heavy as to incur large postage rates . I can mail a CD and invoice -LRB- 1 sheet of paper -RRB- via the U.S. Postal Service for $ .76 . I recommend these .
 I use these to ship sets of six A2 notecards with envelopes . It can fit one set easily , two sets seems to be the maximum it can hold of this size notecard . They are great quality and very sturdy .
 I do a lot of mailing of stamps to collectors . These mailers are perfect for most of my mail activity . I intend to purchase them again and perhaps the next larger size also . These are excellent quality and much cheaper than off-the-shelf retail at the big-box office stores .
 This worked really well for sending photos , but it cost more to send via USPS than I expected . I think it was about 2.50 to send two 5x7 photos . However , they are quite sturdy .
 These are good generic mailers . they are not flimsy like the ones you buy at a dollar store . they do not say `` do not bend '' but you can write it on yourself if need be . If your worried about the adheasive tape not sticking then put some scotch tape or packing tape over it just to be sure .
 I ordered these Avery Neon Assorted High Visibility Labels -LRB- 5979 -RRB- for small business use . The included colors -LRB- neon green , neon magenta , and neon yellow -RRB- are all blindingly bright and attention-getting -- just what I was looking for . : -RRB- I used the suggested Avery Template 5160 and printed using a monochrome laser printer -LRB- HP Laserjet 1300 -RRB- . Each of the 15 sheets of labels printed out perfectly with no problems.I ca n't comment on how long the adhesive lasts since my workplace uses them only on paper statements which are then mailed out to our clients .
 The bright colors help the label stand out no matter what it is on . Helps my information stand out on my Avon books
 The colors are very vibrant , and the adhesive seems to be of high quality thus far . I will be ordering more of these for my projects !
 Works well . However , make sure you let the ink dry before touching it!Very bright wonderful colors really stand out .
 I 've set up my home office with reusable file folders and hated the fight to remove regular file labels from them . The Avery removable labels are a life saver . Application is simple and easy and removing them is a snap . Great product ! !
 As an amateur photographer that sells prints online , I needed a cheap solution for mailing prints that allows me to save on both shipping materials and on postage . I would n't necessarily use these mailers with no additional protection , but they will fit my prints plus a rigid sheet of cardboard on both sides . Thankfully my print shop -LRB- WHCC -RRB- already attaches the prints I order to a piece of cardboard , so all I have to do is cut it down to size , put my 8x10 or 8x12 in between , slide it in , and seal . If you mail prints with any rigid backing -LRB- matboard or styrene -RRB- , then this works just fine on it 's own . I always write &#34; DO NOT BEND &#34; in large print on both sides just to be sure . Recommended .
 This has been a great quality product for my company Insingiah.com we print Ideal and Trodat Stamps on these envelops .
 Ive gone thru a box of these , and really liked them , except I found that if I tried to mail 3-4 pages -LRB- 8.5 x11 '' -RRB- they wont go all the way down into the envelope as it 's too narrow at the bottom , so Im ordering a new box , but switching to the 9.75 X 12.5 '' size , also offered thru Amazon . LATER
 I use three different sizes for mailing photographs and newspapers . The only reason I did n't give it the 5th star is because when I tape down the flap I have to put tape over the ends of the tear tabs because they split open . The post office ones are too flimsy for my use and these are just right .
 Seal is very sticky ... if you make a mistake and seal it too soon , better plan on using another one . The nice thing is at this price point it wo n't pain too much . For what the office supply stores charge , this is a MUCH better alternative .
 These photo envelopes work great . They are super rigid and really protect your photos . I would suggest getting the next larger size if you are mailing more than 6 8x10 's as they are too tight at the bottom for more than that .
 I need rigid photo mailers to send out paper products that absolutely CAN NOT be bent in the mail . When I tried to find something similar in a typical office store , I was disappointed . I 'm really glad that I found these here for two reasons
 I would recommend this product to anyone . They are made well and seal up good . We sent out several and all arrived in perfect condition to recipients . They are affordable and well worth the money . I would diffidently buy this product again in the future .
 Great for mailing documents or job applications in my case . Keeps the resume 's look good without have to bend them , unlike if you send them in a regular envelope .
 As for the product itself , expect exactly what you see in the images ; a white , glossy and very rigid cardboard mailer . I ordered these to mail an oil pastel painting I sold over ebay within the United States , and as of current information , the recipient has it intact for Christmas . Used the smaller variety of bubble wrap -LRB- single layer both sides -RRB- to cover the painting as well as tracing paper to cover the painting and one sheet of cotton paper -LRB- it was a certificate of authentication -RRB- . IF you 're wondering if it fits the usual 8.5 in . x 11 in . paper then yes it does , barely . It 's difficult to place more than one -LRB- 1 -RRB- sheet of paper in a mailer , due to the roughness of the interior -LRB- does n't slide in smoothly -RRB- and the little room for the paper width wise . At the most I could put 10 give or take sheets without getting frustrated and/or bending the paper . Anything smaller should definitely have an easier time . Occasionally when placing things U.S. Letter size or similar , it will snag in the inner folds of the mailer.Speaking of snagging , I was worried about the unglued edges of the outer folds that kept the envelope together , so I taped those down -LRB- water activated tape -RRB- , just in case . Overall I ended up completely sealing the envelope . I 'm not really sure of the adhesion strength of the Redi-Strip closure , but I 'd use it along with tape for extra insurance.For USPS users , this is considered a First Class Parcel so calculate accordingly . I paid $ 2.46 at 5.4 oz -LRB- at the time of ship date -RRB- from CA to PA so very economical in my opinion.Overall if you need to mail something that needs stiff protection , these are certainly worth the price . They also become handy temporary comic protectors when bringing them home from the store ! Do n't keep them inside too long though -LRB- like months to years -RRB- , the inside of the mailer is most likely not acid free !
 This fit the bill for larger photos . I was hoping to reduce my postage cost by not having to pay package rates . But the USPS said that since they were rigid , they still went at the package rate . Love the self seal flap .
 I use these to send pictures in them , and they are just the right amount of rigid to protect the photographs , but not so heavy to cause excessive shipping charges . Just as high quality and cheaper than you can find by the single or in stores .
 I use these all the time to send out 8X10 and similar size photos . The mailer is rigid , easy to write on and apply labels as necessary . Also it is very easy to close with a sticky glue to hold it shut firmly . I 've used almost the whole box and no problems with this product at all .
 I keep ordering these mailers cause they are the best to send photos ! I 've tried less sturdy and had to add so much filler to keep stable - only tried that once and I 'm back to these beauties ...
 I ordered this yesterday , September 9th with my Amazon Prime account . I was shocked to see through the ordering process that it was scheduled for Saturday delivery -- for Free no less . I would have expected it to arrive on Monday since I ordered it on a Thursday . It 's the next day -LRB- Friday , September 10th -RRB- and it arrived a day early . That 's overnight delivery for no additional cost . I love Amazon Prime : -RRB- As for the product , it fits my 8x10 photo perfectly , with room to spare . Will order again when I run out !
 The reporter style spiral notebook is designed for quick notetaking.PRO : The legal paper is easy on my eyes.The yellow paper allows maximum contrast for printed notes.Cost is very reasonable for a notepad with sturdy backing.CON : My only complaint
 Just what my wife wanted - A hit for the notetakers out there - a reasonable price to boot.You ca n't go wrong
 This TOPS spiral steno notebook is great for those folks with a continuing need to take notes and keep track of them , and whose work environment may not favor or permit the use of digital aides . The back cover is stiff enough to support writing while standing or sitting without a desk , while the yellow paper provides a nice contrast for ink or pencil or highlighter . The 100 pages means the notebook will last awhile ; highly recommended .
 The name Avery means a quality product to me , and I was not disappointed with this product either . The labels run through my HP Laserjet printer beautifully and peeled from the backing sheet smoothly without curl . After the label is attached to a package or paper , it can easily be lifted and re-positioned . It does have a very slight curl at that point , but re-attaches to the paper as if it was never lifted .
 I have bought a few staplers recently and the swingline 747 is on of the best . I have three of them , one at home , and two in my office . I really like the blue color . it is unique and a nice change from silver , grey , or black
 This is a heavyduty , high quality stapler in a classic design . A great deal . I 'm sure this stapler will last for years !!!
 This is a solid stapler that will last for years . This is not a cheap plastic stapler and has a nice weight to it . I 've had cheape plastic staplers in the past that would break easier . I do n't have any worry about this one .
 Everyone in my home loves this stapler ! It is heavy and sturdy , staples multiple pages PROPERLY -LRB- cheap staplers will jam or splay the ends of the staple out rather than in -RRB- , and it always works . Mine is 8 years old and still going strong .
 This was exactly what I needed for my 13 - 14 year old students to use . They destroy several of the cheaper , plastic staplers per year . In fact , after my purple stapler bit the dust , I drug out an old Swingline stapler that was at least 20 years old because it could take their abuse . This new Swingline is much sleeker and the silver finish gives it a very modern look . I 'm very satisfied with this purchase , and my students love it !
 You buy a stapler , use it for a while , and it works fine . Until the day you put one too many sheets in , or try to staple over an existing staple , and it jams ... so you clear the jam , but it 's never quite the same after that . You have to whack it with your fist to drive it through a full stack that it used to handle just fine . Which just seems to make the problem worse the next time . Until you finally get tired , chuck it , and get a new one.If , on the other hand , you want a stapler that lasts , take a look at the 747 . -LRB- No , not the Boeing jumbo ... -RRB- I 've yet to see one of these killed . In fact , I remember my third-grade teacher had one , which she let us use . Any stapler that can survive a class of third graders , including myself , is okay in my book.The strange thing is , the current ones seem to be built just as well as they used to . They 're still made of metal , -LRB- remember metal ? -RRB- and they have real weight to them . -LRB- Looking mine over , I ca n't find a single plastic component . Not one . -RRB- An actual lever-operated latch opens the `` foot '' for bulletin board use . And most importantly , the 747 drives staples straight , without jamming , through at least 30 sheets of copier paper . Maybe more , but you 'd need longer staples.Do yourself a favor . Get yourself a real stapler . And guard it jealously against your coworkers .
 this isnt a cheap plastic jobber , it 's a nice metal stapler like mom used to use . I 'm the envy of the office , it almost never jams .
 I purchased this stapler as a replacement for a virtually identical Swingline stapler I had bought over 10 years ago . This stapler seems slightly less well manufactured , and slightly less likely to staple the maximum capacity correctly than the version I had 10 years ago , but is still an excellent , attractive , stapler .
 The paint on it is beautiful . Even though made in china this is one stapler you will own for the next 20 years .
 Works beautifully . I have a sit down desk and a drafting desk in my office . Bought this as a 2nd one to have one on each desk . Highly recommend .
 This is a good solid staper and made very well , Comfortable to use and easy on your hand when having to do mulitple tasks .
 This was exactly as described . I have always used Swingline staplers and this is another great one . I would highly recommend it to anyone.Jeannie Walker - Award Winning Author
 I am very happy w / this purchase . It is very well made and quality is excellent . Highly recomment this item .
 These are exactly what you would buy at Office Max or Office Depot for a much higher price.It is heavy and works great .
 I give these to my fellow teachers ... One of the best made staplers in the world . I use my stapler every day and have had the same one for over 15 years . This is a workhorse . If you are tired of replacing junk staplers get one of these . They will last 20 times longer if not more ...
 Great Tablets . Hard to find at other stores . Amazon has everything . Perfect for what my project coordinator needed them for .
 The paper is stiff and takes the ink from technical pens well.This helps me write and draw on this paper without worrying about smears.If you write with either hand , having a top-ruled notebook is a nice advantage .
 I 'm satisfied with this product , which I use to chart some data for personal review . The sheets are thin , though , so I 'm not sure if it 'll meet the standard for professional use .
 This is a very nice top wirebound tablet . Recommended for anyone who is looking for a top wirebound tablet .
 Nothing more , nothing less . Good quality . They all seem to be about the same size . Nothing tiny , nothing very large .
 This ribber band ball is great value from Amazon . Very chunky and nice to feel . Also , very practical when you need a band , just pull off one . I can see myself ordering more in the future .
 I ca n't recommend this enough . Perfect for those of you who like to handle big balls . I gave about four of these to the wife of an ex serviceman I was having an affair with , because she liked to fondle and handle big rubbery balls like mine , and was complaining that at home , she just had very tiny little balls to play with , like little fragile berries . So these fit the bill quite nicely in my absence . She said she likes to sprinkle cinnamon on them . Go figure . As for me , I enjoy playing with my balls in the shower . One time when I was in the shower I rubberbanded my balls and made my own rubber band balls . I enjoyed putting them on and taking them off . Oooh , that 's smarts !
 See , I bought this for the wife -- who has a home office.It was n't even our 25th wedding anniversary.Anyway , having a sauve sense of humor -- like Goober Pyle ... no ! Make it Ernest T. ! ... I playa daily trick on her.Anyway , she uses about three -LRB- 3 -RRB- rubberbands a day ; so I bought another similar productBAZIC Assorted Dimensions 227g/0 .5 lbs . Rubber Bands , Multi Color -LRB- 465-48P -RRB- . Every night -- when she 's in the shower -- I put four -LRB- 4 -RRB- rubber bands back ON the ball.Just last night she asked me `` Honey ! How MUCH did this thing COST ? It never runs out ! `` I told her it was the best/most expensive one they had !
 The rubber band ball is the perfect size for my daily needs at work . I predict the ball will last atleast a year . The bands are all about the same width and length . They are about six inches in circumference , stretching to over twelve inches . They are not thin and dry like some of the bands I bought in the past ; I do n't believe these bands will break easily . They also come in five colors , which is great for bundles requiring color-coding . Edit to review
 Bought this as a stocking stuffer for my 10 year old , but the whole family has enjoyed passing it around . I bought an extra one for a Pollyanna gift . It was a hit !
 The rubber bands are as rubbery and bandy as expected ; no more , no less . No complaints with the rubber band ball . It is bouncy and appears to be rubbery and bandy as well .
 I needed some rubber bands . I saw this rubber band ball . Problem solved . The best part for me is that the rubber bands are in a ball and not loose in a box or bag which inevitably means they would spill out and make a mess . Please note that while the colors are assorted , the sizes are not .
 This was just a cute extra birthday gift for someone . It was bigger than I thought it would be for the price so I was very pleased about that .
 This is a small rubberband ball , but for the price it is fine . The bands are not old crumbly ones either , so makes it a decent value . I bought it as a joke for a friend that needed rubberbands and she got a kick out of it .
 Got these as stocking stuffers for my boys . They really like these . A large rubber ball of sorts , and a large supply of rubber bands all in one . And kids can think up a lot of uses for rubber bands . Lots of fun .
 Great colors , neatly packaged , perfect for using on water bottles . I gave out water bottles with 3 rubber bands on eacg . Slip one off after drinking one bottle , then refill . Slip off the next band when the bottle 's empty again . And so on . Easy way to keep track of water we should be drinking every day .
 I was tired of rujbber bands breaking . I was also tird of their dull color . This solved both of those problems
 Have had this in service now for months ... . no problems ! Unbeatable price and very user friendly . March 3 , 2012 still performing perfectly !
 I HAVE GOT A LOT AF THIS PHONES AND THEY WORK GREAT , HIGH RECOMENDATIONFOR THIS ITEM
 Needed a new phone to go with Vonage service , and this phone works great .
 This phone is working GREAT ! We love it and are totally satisfied with it . It 's fun to use and we love the musicial ring . This is a wonderful product . Thanks so much.Merdie Gilstrap
 Have used these for years . Unfortunately , they have become difficult to find at stores -LRB- even Office Depot -RRB- , but I do 80 % of my shopping at Amazon , so was not disappointed.These mini sheets are perforated into 2 , 4-part sections , each containing four ready-to-print-on labels , and you can easily do so from many labeling software , including Microsoft Word , and Avery-Dennison 's free yet powerful `` DesignPro 5 . `` Since my business is very small , I am able to print mailing addresses for even one order per day , without having to print an entire sheet , wasting expensive ink . I even use the labels to send birthday cards to family members!Using the Avery brand , never have I had any issues regarding a label not fresh enough to stick properly , and I have been using them since round 1998 . That the package takes up less than half the space as the huge , `` normal '' package is a benefit as well.Do not hesitate to order these , as the price is right and the benefits to you are generous !
 These labels are a real money saver . As antique dealers at multiple malls , there are times when we need to print out just a dozen or so pricing labels . In the past a sheet of 36 meant many wasted labels . Generating computer labels helps mitigate any kind of price changing by unscrupulous customers . This vendor filled our order and shipped it quickly and at a good price point .
 It 's getting harder to find these mini sheet labels that work with my HP Laserjet . I use them all the time , so happy to have a source . Fast shipping .
 We had to label all of my daughter 's books and things for school . Rather than just use boring white rectangular labels , we ordered this brightly colored starburst labels . The style was a template in MS Word and were easy to create a fun label for her things . They are large , print nicely , come off the backing easily without tearing , and best of all , they look cool !
 This filing cabinet is built great , looks good and includes the lock . The drawers open evenly , no wiggling of the drawers which is important when it is full ! The packing is sturdy and it was delivered in TWO Days ! I have tried many cheaper filing cabinets and there IS a reason why they are cheaper ! I definately recommend this one .
 Ususally order my copy paper from a local paper distributor but they have a minimun order amount for free delivery . So I was pleased with this price with free shipping . And it was delivered in a short time .
 I have had this phone for over a year and I love it . There are some quirks but I have not had any major problems ... yet.Here I list the pros , cons and the quirks.Pros : I love how the phone looks and feels in your hands.Very sleek design.The interface is easy to work with.Lots of ring tones.Has a external loud speaker for conference/hands free use.Can be used for both VoIP and landline use.Phone book and speed dial options.Easy access to missed calls and recently dialed.Intigrates prefectly with Yahoo ; call computers and view current online status . Even shows when they have gone invisible.The drivers are supported all the way to windows 7 . Long battery life.Cons : Not compatible with Yahoo messenger 10 . Quirks : Drivers are sorta compatible with windows 7 if you are willing to put up with the mid appcrash dialog box in the backround.There is no real way to completely delete a phone number entry in the phone book.When dialing a phone number from the phone to use with phone out the full area code must be dialed in . -LRB- might be a YIM quirk -RRB- Phone numbers to be dialed ca n't be stored within the phone and have to be stored within the software insted.Due to the lack of support and it 's obsolete-ness , small features are dying -LRB- weather -RRB- The flap to little rubber thingy covering up the 2.5 jack breaks/rubs off easly if messed with enough.Landline calls are n't as clear as I would like them to be . They seem to drop out and muffled slightly.Final notes/user tips : I think this phone is perfect for home or office use . I use it all the time ; mainly for my ringer and dialing out . I would n't bash this for the audio switching problems experienced in windows 7 as all audio devices plugged into this frak 'n OS have to be manualy switched to before using . AAAARRRRGGGHHHHH ! I usualy have the audio switcher control panel at the ready for incoming calls . Or a headset plugged in when I am realy expecting a call . Some of you have had problems with the volume , either turn up the volume on the phone -LRB- little up and down buttons in the center of the phone -RRB- or in the OS it 's self . As the OS tends to treat the phone as an audio device , you may want to tweek with some audio settings to get the desired volume.If you are willing to put up with cons and the quirks and are looking for a cheep VoIP based phone then I say this phone is for you . Otherwise I suggest trying your luck with the vtech yahoo phones . More features and more compatibility but pricy as all hell .
 I bought this cordless phone almost 3 years ago , it worked fine with my old version of yahoo messanger , i have n't used it with the new version.As these days i only use it as my normal phone , this phone has the most amazing battery life.Its now 3 years and battery life is just awesome , with one charge almost 2-3 days ... If you are looking for a decent phone with good battery life then you can always give it a shot ...
 This device just came in time when I need to talk to my relatives oversese for free . With the ease of yahoo voice and CIT310 dual-mode , I I can now talk from any corner of my house .
 Simple , easy for settup and using , save alot of money on it . I loved it . Quick support from Linksys too . I will buy more if promotion come again from Linksys .
 I had a little problem with the driver but i went to linksys website and downloaded an updated one.now it works perfect.thanks linksys !!!!! I highly recommend it if you use yahoo for phone.Amazon.com was great to got here right on time !!!
 This little phone is easy to set up and install . The handset has a great multi color display and is easy to use . It is menu driven , so it is easy to navigate to the features you want . It has a speakerphone option that is loud and clear , has good range from the base , has several ringtones that can be assigned to different events , stores a decent amount of phone numbers and Yahoo! contacts and is small and light weight .
 It 's awesome ! I can check the weather right on my home phone , and even get yahoo contact alerts on it . Welcome 2 tha next generation !!!
 I like everything about this phone -- except the phonebook function . I am using yahoo! as my primary phone line and have n't been able to use the phonebook to make calls through Yahoo! There might be a way to do that ... I just have n't found it yet .
 Great VOIP phone ! The only feature I would like to add is being able to instant message my yahoo contacts from the handset but other then that if your internet connection is good and reliable its a great phone to have . I love the mobility it allows me compared with the headset connected to the computer which is why I purchased this phone so it definately serves its purpose with a few extras like weather & local search : >
 I bought two of these phones - one for me and one for my father . While we had to learn a few tricks in the beginning to get everything set up correctly , it has been smooth sailing ever since . The sound quality is better than I expected from a VOIP product , very good in fact . I highly recommend this product .
 I am quite satisfied with this phone , works fine on PC to PC calls as well as on land line calls . Can be tricky if for any reason not synced with your computer . Otherwise this is a great way to communicate . Very happy with this purchase , would recommend to others .
 I 'm deployed oversea 's which the price per minute for stateside calling is crazy.I brought this phone with a yahoo phone out and phone in account and it costs me 3 bucks a month for a stateside number with a pre pay account at 1 cent per minute for state side calling while overseas.It doesnt get any better then that . .
 I am renting a room from a family who does not have long distance service and I do not get a cell signal so I needed a way to call my family . This works ! It was easy to set up and operate . Clarity is not always a 5 but it is pretty close . Not all the features on the phone seem to work as described but I am grateful to have it .
 Logitech makes one of the best peripherals , this phone is no exception . Sturdy , nice screen , buttons feel nice , can be used as both yahoo and landline phone . Its missing a clip for the belt if thats a deal breaker for anyone . Yahoo needs to but more work on their Voice services . A lot of skipping and sometimes you ca n't even call at all . Cheap calls to Vietnam -LRB- $ .10 / min -RRB- and Philippines -LRB- $ .16 / min -RRB- : -RRB-
 Bought this older `` iPhone '' in May 2009 to replace my home phone . Wanted to leverage my Internet connection . Yahoo Voice is very inexpensive -LRB- cheaper than Skype -RRB- at 1 cent per minute and 2.5 cents to many foreign countries . $ 2.50 per month gets you a permanent `` call in '' number which I do not use . The phone requires a PC that is turned on , logged in and signed in to Yahoo . You must also use the older version of Yahoo Messenger , which works fine . Call quality is perfect even with shared , bottom-tier cable internet . The phone performs like any cordless home phone . At $ 27.50 , it is economical and works well . Other Skype-based phones offer Wi-Fi based calling that does n't require a computer , but at a higher cost .
 This is an excellent buy for anything less than $ 30 to $ 39 . Its a good phone , as it is a dect 6 phone along with yahoo internet phone . You can hook up your regular phone line to the base unit , as well as connect the base unit to your PC thru the USB port . You will need a yahoo.com account , and then you can chat without sitting at the computer using the yahoo phone to anyone on yahoo account . Please note that the phone does not work with any other internet service like skype or msn , it only works with yahoo messenger and chat . the yahoo button answers yahoo calls or allows you to view active yahoo users in your address book . If there is a local call on your local line , and you connected the base unit to the local line , then you can switch from yahoo phone to local phone . It has great distance , and works in the basement even if your main unit or pc is located on the third floor . Highly recommend the phone . Big feature is that it has a speaker phone built in!Negative
 okI intially couldnt get this phone to work on my Server 08 laptop -LRB- Dont ask -RRB- ... I installed the CIT Drivers BEFORE I installed yahoo messenger -LRB- if you reverse this install it didnt work for me !! -RRB- After installing I went into windows xp audio and changed the defaults to USB audio - Phone NOW works like a champ - .01 cents per minute calls ... but you need to know the following : I can not make calls PCto cell calls from yahoo messengerI have to add the users contact info into the CIT software -LRB- these settings are LOCAL to the software install -RRB- and then use the CIT wireless phone to call cell users -LRB- from my PC -RRB- To me this is a minor issue -LRB- or user error -RRB- On server 08 the audio mic via the USB audio isnt working -LRB- Driver iussue - or user error -RRB- . BUTOn windows XP audio works fine via phoneWireless works fine ... So ... I can make computer to cell calls but I have to solely use the CIT phone .
 This is not only a great looking sleek , hi-tech phone , but it is AWESOME!No one has as many features packed into one small device such as this ! I am very impressed with the technical capabilities such as Wireless , Color screen , Speaker phone , Page Handset , hold button , intercom other phones , and more ! Most importantly , the sound is very clear -LRB- on broadband -RRB- ... sorry Skype , I liked you first , but I like Yahoo more.This is not only 2 phones in one -LRB- land line & Yahoo! phone -RRB- , but if you buy more than one , they can be walkie talkies -LRB- I talk then you talk -RRB- , OR they can be speakerphone intercoms too -LRB- we both talk at same time -RRB- ! Each phone can have its own ringer , wallpaper , Display name . And as a busisness user , I can sort each contact as a category -LRB- freinds , family , business , VIP , other , school , etc. . . -RRB- and give group thier own ring tone ! Like I said very cool phone , and at $ 80 bucks , well worth the features !!
 I got this phone , because I 'm a big Yahoo Phone Out fan . I prefer Yahoo over skype in price , sound quality , and messenger system.I got this product along with Linksys CIT 400 Telephony kit . I like this yahoo CIT310 Model system , but it 's got a big flaw . Contacts do not show up , except the ones you have added to your messenger list . This is a big drawback , as their messenger immediately displays the contact when you type the first letters . I do n't expect the same speed , but at least I would expect an easy and friendly dialing system.You basically have to dial out like a regular phone , so this is what I did not like added to the fact that your computer has to be on for the thing to work.You can connect it to a land line , but then what 's the point if you 're not saving with Yahoo 's internet telephony service and rates.Sound quality is good . There 's really not many choices out in the market just yet , as internet telephony systems are relatively new . We need to wait and see what new and better technologies will emerge .
 As a user of Yahoo voice for sometime , I 've always wished for a way to become un-tied from my headset connected to my computer . This product does exactly that and now I 'm free to multi-task and roam around my home . After reading the reviews , I was VERY concerned about this purchase given the mixed feedback . However , regardless of the concerns , I felt that I 'd give it a shot as the desire for mobility was important . I 'm glad that took a chance as I 'm very satisfied.After reading the reviews , it seems that the majority of low ratings stem from installation issues/problems . With this in mind , I made sure that I followed all instructions to the letter in order to minimize any difficulties . No problems with the included software but I downloaded and installed the updated driver from the linksys website just to be safe -LRB- driver from 1/2007 -RRB- . No issues with Win XP SP2 thus far after about a week . Also , I recall a previous complaint about volume , or the lack of it , and have found the volume to be more than ample at medium settings -LRB- I 'm 29 so maybe I can hear better than others -RRB- . Overall , this product does what it says it will do and that is why I rated it a 5/5 . Other reviewers knock it for missing this bell or not having that whistle , but I think that may be unfair as the product description does do what it outlines . For example , a common complaint involves the fact that you need to have your computer turned on and you need to be logged into messenger in order to use the yahoo voice services . Granted , some skype phones have a distinct advantage of not needing to be tied to a computer or logged into their service via computer , but I knew this going into the purchase . It boils down to preference of services and I prefer yahoo . With the addition of this phone , I like it even better .
 This is a wonderful product . After returning from a vacation overseas and seeing the $ 300 dollar phone bill my wife racked up calling me I had to get it . Setup was easy and straight forward . Operation is as simple as using any phone.I have only 1 problem , when you call a member of your friend list it calls their computer not their phone . To call their phone add them to phone book first , its a great phone .
 I received this product the other day and I ca n't say enough how happy I am with this purchase . Before I had a logitech headset that required me to be at my computer at all times to do internet calls . Now with the CIT 310 I can roam all over the house and make calls . For the price of $ 80 this is a major steal of a deal and if you have family/friends overseas and you want to save money on your phone bill , this is the gift to get . I 've already ordered 3 of these to pass out as X-mas gifts . The only cons about the product is what is already mentioned in the product info page . That you need to have your computer turned and the device connected to it in order to make VOIP calls . The other con I can think of is it needs a more intuitive way to navigate through the contacts list especially when you have over 100 contacts on yahoo and be able to select a list of phone # 's from a contact to call to . Currently you can only see 4 contacts at one time on the screen . I think Linksys can correct this in a new release of software.Overall I am very happy with this product for the price I am paying . The day of free internet calls is finally here and making these calls just got a whole lot easier .
 This is a great phone . Works Great.Wisha -RRB- they sell handsets standaloneb -RRB- Draw power from usb instead of having a separate charger.-RSV
 Great little phone . rugged too . I 've dropped it 11/2 times , -LRB- second time was n't very far and onto carpet -RRB- , and it still works fine , nothing broken . I like the fact that it hooks up to regular land line also , if you need one . Would be nice if it gave you more than a couple background pictures to choose from , 2 yahoo and 1 linksys , oh think there was another but it was awful.Other than that ... 5 thumbs up !
 This is a very good telephone with a outstanding quality . The service with the yahoo voice is excelent !!! I recomend it .
 It is a great phone for the money and being dual line compatible It sure comes in handy
 This is a great phone , very clear ofcourse talk over is a drawback like all voip , one thing i could not figure out is that sometimes the voice ocmes out of the computer and sometimes it comes out of the phone.if anyone could help would be great
 great product , but i either have to buy more accessories to make it work , or i have to return it to amazon because it 's not the only thing you need to make it work . you also have to buy a switcher that switches between your pc speakers and your phone 's speakers . otherwise the default is that your pc speakers will no longer work . here is a link to a switcher , but it only has inputs for 3.5 mm connectors and since this phone only has a usb connector , this switcher will not work for it . if i can not find a compatible switcher , i will have to return this product to amazon . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 the linksys CIT 31 - dual - mode cordless phone for yahoo , stand to my expectations , i use it everyday , and i will continue using it because it rules , the only problem i guess is that sometimes when you receive call and it 's not in it stand does n't ring and you miss the call , besides that the service is awesome the phone is awesome and the quality is always the best as well as skype yahoo rules
 It has a very good sound quality and user friendly . I like it !
 It is a great phone , sound quality is very good , especially on the speaker phone option . It works just like you would expect a cordless phone to work , just with the ability to call using Yahoo as well as your regular land line . The only thing i did ` nt really like was when placing a call out on Yohoo it does not ring but makes a beeping sound , just one little quirk on an otherwise great phone ! If you use Yahoo to make international calls like i do , then you should consider the fredom this phone provides . Highly reccomend this product .
 I bought this online and Shipped this through Aramex Shop & Ship to the Middle east.Good phoneGood even when connecting through a 56K Modem internet connection.Seems to be much better than using a headset with yahoo voice.Power Adaptor is a problem for our region because that does not support 240V , hence bought a 240V-110V converter for US$ 1 . Overall a good buy
 I am really impressed with the voice quality of speaker phone , Normal headset internal speakers are not that good but over all my experience with the product is good . I dont have to sit in front of pc to use yahoo voice.I havent faced any echo problem so far with voip , I guess voice quality is totally dependend of ur internet speed and other factor . As far as this handset is concern it doing it job almost fine to a gr8 level . No double that it need some area for improvement , like screen size and other cosmetic stuff which I am sure linsys can improve with the next version .
 :-RRB- Now if I can just work it the way it works : :-RRB- -RRB- I love i. . Have a great Day and tomorrow : -RRB-
 I did not expect to get such an easy install , I am not tech savy . Therefore I expected problems But surprisingly it way click and go . great for my needs .
 getting this phone to work can be tricky . first you need to uninstall whatever version of yahoo messenger you currently have installed . then install the version that came with the phone . The voice quality is absolutely perfect , I 'm actually quite impressed . The rates that yahoo charge are not great but not bad either . It costs $ 30/year just for the `` phone in '' service -LRB- they give you a phone number -RRB- and that doesnt even include any `` phone out '' minutes . If you want to use phone out you have to pay 2 cents/minutes for US calls plus all phone out calls come with a .035 cent connection charge -LRB- which adds up quick -RRB- . The service is great though and comes with voicemail that lands in your yahoo inbox -LRB- you ca n't check or listen to voicemail from the phone , you need to use your computer -RRB- . Overall it 's not a bad deal .
 this phone is awesome . . the voice quality of this phone is awesome whoever says that the voice quality of this phone is low or bla bla . . is wrong trust me this phone voice quality is awesome . . for the people who use yahoo messenger . . this phone is perfect gift is for them . . i really recommend this phone for every one who want to use yahoo messenger only.u cant use this phone with msn , skype , other messenger . .
 This is a great phone and a great investment . I love it and recommend it over Vonage or Skype.A + + + + I highlt recommend this phone and it will put Yahoo VOIP on the map ! I was really screwed over by Vonage and I am glad I have Yahoo/Linskey Phone as a reliable way to communicate and save hundreds of dollars on my phone bill
 The phone was a bit tough to set up but , considering the features , I think it 's quite a bargain . Once operational it works just fine . Obviously it was made to sell for much more .
 Before I bought the Links CIT310 phone I read several of the reviews and I must say customers had mixed emotions about how good this phone is . I think their reviews were based on their knowledge of how to set up the phone . I have a girlfriend that lives in south east Asia and I tell you , the quality of the phone is excellent , not to mention how much money I saved . It is much better then paying what I did before which was near $ 300 a month for a phone bill . Believe me when I say , I do n't know what the rest of the customers are saying , but trust me you can not go wrong on buying this phone I HIGHLY recommend it , you will be happy no doubt.NAT California
 good sound quality , great price for product and service . For whatever reason I could n't get my voice credit to apply to my yahoo account . had to setup a new yahoo account just to get it to work . Then had to call Yahoo 's stupid consumer service and yell and shout to get credited back for my first attempt at getting my voice service.my only grip with the phone is the sound either goes to the phone or the computer speakers . You have to go to audio settings in control panel and set the default device anytime you want to change it between the speakers or phone . Skype has the same phone but their service cost a few more bucks . might be a good alternative just so you do n't have to deal with yahoo .
 This is a great product , it has all of the features that a simple guy like me needs for my phone service . I was a bit skeptical about a phone that works with yahoo messenger but after getting it connected and working I am very pleased , I live in an RV park and the reception is great this phone works from a distance of one block in any direction from my RV and I will most assureadly recomend this product to anybody that is looking for a good phone , And also when we travel it is great because I use a wireless air card for internet so no matter where I go and provided that I have internet signal , I have phone service in my RV thanks again for a wonderful product !!!!
 The phone is good for the most part , and works nicely . It would sometimes have problems if the other end is not a good connection , and the ear piece sound could be louder.The phone 's software sometimes mysteriously goes inactive , and has to be restarted , but considering this is one of the few phones that works directly with Yahoo Messenger , it maybe an only choice if you are not interested in the competitor.I also would have expected to customize it better with phone 's software , as most phones with a USB port could sync address books , and a number of other things . This only gives you a means to align with Yahoo Messenger . Also with Yahoo Voice Messaging , it is impossible to listen to voice messages without changing the speaker to your PC , restart , and change back to the USB , and restart .
 This phone is fantastic for two people with a broadband internet connection to talk to each other . I use this phone for calls to canada which were running me 2 cents a minute using a phone card , now they are free , I can talk for three or four hours without spending a penny . Instant messaging just got an upgrade .
 Great phone . Only one problem is that the volume is extremely low and can not be adjusted . Based on other reviews I have read this is a common problem . Tech support and detailed installation instructions for problems is lacking . Installation problem I had I was able to resolve by doing a search on the internet . I could not get the phone to work without turning off my computer speakers . However , making a setting change in Yahoo Messenger solved the problem . If you can live with a low non adjustable volume I would recommend the phone . Many places were selling the phone for $ 70 and up . Found it on Amazon for $ 21 .
 Hi I bought this product for my convinience and its perfect . Its easy to use and install . I recommend for everyone its very cheap to make a any call from yahoo massanger rather than any other voip call . Thanks .
 These bags are smaller than I thought , since a good deal of the 9x12 bag is used for secure sealing . But the strength of materials used in the bag is great and MMF has that kind of reputation . Good quality , good price . I 'll be buying these bags again , but in a larger size next time .
 Description is accurate for a 12-Pack of ALL ONE COLOR , which is what I need in my daycare when certain colors are preferred more than others and I end up with too many dark green and purple , not enough red , light blue , and light green .
 This is a great phone system . The features are designed for easy use without haveing to read the manual . The speaker phone works great when you need hans free operation or get put on hold . Battery life is very good . I had considered cheaper , but very glad I got this one , the best I have ever used .
 This did the job . We have a number of brocures . . trifold that we need to keep at the public easy to reac . They did the job .
 I really do n't know what is wrong with these reviewers . It has the size right on the package and they are just as the package says . If you do n't know that glue sticks come in different sizes that is not the fault of the seller ! There is a zoom button if you need help reading the package , but rest assured that these sticks are exactly as advertised .
 I was a little hesitant to order these after reading the reviews , but I figured if they were the wrong size I could return them . I have an OLD Stanley glue gun which was made long before dual-temp and mini glue guns were around . These glue sticks were exactly what I needed .
 I did n't know what to expect other than the right diameter . My glue gun has low & high temperature settings ; I 've used these sticks only on its high setting so far because what I 've glued were n't delicate objects . Anyway , I ca n't say much else , negative or positive , about them .
 What does one say about glue sticks ? Well , they 're very glue-like . I 've used these several times and have no complaints as they function , er , melt exactly as they should . They arrived perfectly and promptly .
 Great value for these glue sticks . Arrived in perfect condition , no complaints . Melt cleanly and without issue in my glue gun .
 Product was in mint condition and was sent and received within a weeks time . Extremely satisfied with purchase .
 I use these mailers for my home business and have ordered them now from this company at least 4 times . They are great . Perfectly made , shipped neatly in large box so not damaged . The price is more than fair when you compare elsewhere and I have ! What I like best is that even though this is n't an Amazon Prime item , I still get my order in usually 2 days ... 3 at the most and that is really important when I run low . Thank you and will continue to do business with this seller !
 These mailers are the best for the price ! I mail books and they work perfect at half the price . I always put a little more tape on all my mailers so it does n't bother me to continue to do so . Will buy again !
 These envelopes are a little longer than I thought I was ordering but they are the same very light , good quality product that I expect from Jiffylite mailers at the best price I found on the internet .
 These are constructed well and are padded just enough to protect without using all the space . This is MUCH cheaper than going to office max . You will not be disappointed .
 Perfect for all your shipping needs . It 's cost effective , not really cheap , but you do n't want to save and endanger the items you are shipping within them . The glue on the flap is really good and hold even in odd positions.I 've shipped several different shape items in them and have no complaints whatsoever . Will be buying more soon for sure .
 I ordered these and am happy to say that the quality is great . They got here quickly and were packaged nicely .
 I purchased the neon stickers cause they I can print my own stickers and anybody can see it ... glowing . . hehehe , , , these are hard to find in any store ...
 I needed a large portfolio that holds 11x14 graphics and I was quite pleased with the quality of this portfolio . I think the only downfalls would have to be the small binder-like rings . I would have liked it a little bigger in capacity . And the whole thing is plastic so the cover does not stay open . But for me , since all it does is hold my artwork , it was a great choice .
 My calendar just arrived yesterday and its fantastic ! We get the best of both worlds this year as the added pages -LRB- 42 in total -RRB- feel more like a photobook filled with superior artistic photography , yet the calendar dates are still there at half a month per page , this ensures you get the most out of the calendar as you flip pages twice a month . Just like last years ' edition , the pages can be easely removed from the spiral mounting if you wish to frame or hang any of your favorite photos . With the holidays around the corner this makes a wonderful gift for that special someone , it 's quality is simply unmatched .
 To anyone that is unsure whether or not to buy this , do yourself a favor and pick it up . This calendar is really well done/made and worth the highish price .
 Received the item on time but the magnetic strip was missing . Amazon replaced the item so fast that I had the new one before I could get the rejected one in the mail . They made the entire process hassle free and very fast . The product itself is exactly what I wanted .
 I 'm using this on my fridge to corral all of my paper clutter . I love it ! Since it is clear , I bought some cute file folders to add a decorative touch to my kitchen . Great quality too .
 I am a music teacher and I do not have any time between my classes . I use this wall pocket to keep my lesson plans , texts , and gradebook close at hand . I have it attached to my white board at the bottom near my chair . I wish the bottom was wider to accomodate my teacher 's manuals .
 I am very happy with my oversized magnet wall file pocket . I would definetly purchase another one . It would be nice to have them in different color choices , for example , black or smoke . Also having them in different sizes like legal file folder , and envelope size -LRB- 35/8 `` x6 1/2 '' and 41/2 '' x 91/2 '' which could be attached by height not width .
 Great file pocket for those of us who dont have space for a file box . It really holds good on the side of my file cabinet . And , it looks good , too .
 Magnetic pocket holds several folders , keeps papers handy before filing . The trick is to handle items as little as possible . Works well on side of filing cabinet , stays on really well .
 Exactly what I was looking for to get the pile of paper off my desk . Magnet is holding well so far and I have it packed .
 I got this so I could put my daughter mail in one place so it would n't get mixed in with mine . Very well made and the magnets that came with it are TOUGH !!! Even after filling it almost to the max with papers , its still holding strong !! And no more of her important papers in my horizontal filing cabinet -LRB- my dining room table , lol ! -RRB- to get lost !!
 I purchased two of them and they have proved to be very convenient and a practical application . I would recommend them to an office setting .
 I had copies of recipes everywhere , my file for my fridge had broken a few months ago ... so , i finally found what I was looking for , wide strong magnetic strip . . bought two files -LRB- tons of recipes -RRB- ... works great , keep a box of pens in the corner .
 Holds a very large number for file folders with mail on the fridge . the only downside is that now that the mail is out of the way , I do n't read it ! Mine came with extra magnetic strips -LRB- I would guess from the other reviews -RRB- that have held since I put them on . no extra effort required . Use file folders to avoid things slipping out the back where the `` hole '' that other reviewers complained about . All and all , a great product and i may buy one or two for work as well .
 this is the first legit taping gun i 've ever had . i 've got to say it 's well worth the price . we used to use the red disposable piece that enables you to put another 2 '' layer of tape on , but this is hands down above and beyond that method . this tape seems better as well . to get the gun and 2 rolls of tape ? so , so worth it .
 I purchased the KX-TG5576M and an additional KX-TGA552CM handset six weeks ago and have it used almost daily since.I have had to replace the set once because the handset battery was faulty -LRB- would run out of charge after about one hour of use -RRB- . The replacement unit is a little better , but could still use more battery life.Pros : - Excellent speakerphone on the handset - callers say they can not tell I 'm on a speakerphone . - The handset connects instantly after pressing TALK . - Large Caller ID Memory -LRB- last 50 incoming calls listed -RRB- - Has a BACK key so that you can back out of a menu hierarchy.Cons : - The handset display goes dark after a few seconds of using the handset . I suppose this is intended to be a battery saving measure , but it is very annoying when I want to check the number I just dialed , know how long I have been on a call , or use any other menu item like FLASH . - The battery life on the handset is surprisingly short , especially when the handset speakerphone is used - it seems to need recharging after about two hours of cumulative use . My old Sony SPP-X90 lasted for weeks of speakerphone use before needing a recharge . - I find the handset too small and slippery , and the speakerphone button is too small . - No handset speed dial function , so you need to scroll through the phonebook for every number . The ability to program the number 1 through 9 buttons with press-for-one-second speed dial -LRB- like many cell phones have -RRB- would be a positive addition . - If an incoming call is answered on one handset the other handsets display `` Missed Call '' . They should have a way of knowing that a call was answered if not on that handset . - I find the handset range to be less than 100 ft. in my concrete building - The Voice Enhancer feature seems to do little except shift the caller 's voice lower in tone , which can be more difficult to hear . - Only PC/Wintel-compatible -LRB- not Mac -RRB- for the USB utility to change the wallpaper , ring tones , etc. - It would be nice if the handset tracked all incoming / outgoing call histories -LRB- phone number , call date , time , duration -RRB- like most cell phones do . - Only a 50-entry phonebook capacity - 100 or more entries would have been more practical.Overall this unit does the job . They could have put in a larger capacity battery - even if this meant making the handset a little larger , which is too small to be easily held against my shoulder anyway .
 We researched * every * expandable cordless 5.8 answering system before buying this one . The clarity is great , the range is great , the battery life is not that great but tolerable , and the amount of gadgetry is overwhelming but cool . I 've spent a lot of time correcting all 50 imported Outlook phonebook entries because it does n't dial a `` 1 '' before the LD numbers and the local numbers need the area codes removed for our local service . Kind of a pain , but nice once its setup . Pretty cool that you can load your own ringtones and wallpaper . We do n't have Caller ID , so I do n't know if those features work well or not . The room monitor feature is great , and so is the walkie-talkie feature . Checking answering machine messages from the handsets is SO handy , esp . in our 2-story house . The prices on this phone are starting to come down , so we 're holding out for a few months before buying our 3rd & 4th handsets . The only big disappointment was - no battery backup for the base ! It would n't have hurt them to put a 9-volt compartment in the bottom for that much dinero . We ended up buying a low-end office UPS for it .
 I just purchased this phone and one additional 552M handset . For the last three years I have owned a Siemens Gigaset 4215 with 2 extra handsets . The Siemens is built like a German tank and operates about as smoothly . Very nice , probably will last forever , unique look and operation for that time period -LRB- you can add , using your own voice , a speaking caller id manually for all saved numbers/Panasonic now does it automatically with true voice recognition software for all incoming numbers -RRB- , but clumsy with a green screen that always was tough to read . Once you hit 50 kids , visual assistance is sooo important!In the past I had used Panasonic phones and after evaluating the new Uniden and VTech color phones I decided to go back to Panasonic . Excellent choice . Larger screen . Excellent range outside my home . Easy setup-sounds great on the base and handsets-simple software included for downloading screensavers or whatever from your computer -LRB- on my screen is a great Bijou Phillips not meant for children -RRB- - and a sturdy feel although not as sturdy as the Siemens phones which I may convert into self defense weapons . Maybe not as unique looking as the VTech/the Uniden kinda looks like my old Siemens/but nice nonetheless . We cant all afford Bang & Olufsen ; Beophones !!! One drawback , and I am too lazy to verify , I believe these NiMH phone batteries have `` memory '' . The Siemens phones could be placed back in the cradle after every use . Panasonic recommends leaving the phone off the base unit until the battery runs down . I really hate that but there you are.Now for the steak and potatoes . No doubt these will soon be on sale at all the local stores but on 9/11 both Best Buy and Sears had the base units for 179.00 . Thats full retail . The handset at Sears was 109.00 -LRB- 20.00 rebate through Pan . -RRB- but neither store had the extra handsets in stock . That day Best Buy was offering an additional 10 $ off on all add-on handsets purchased with a base unit , but charging 119.00 -LRB- 10 $ more -RRB- for the 552M handset . Thanks for nothing Best Buy . Once again-not in stock anyway at the local stores -LRB- you could order and pick up at a later date -RRB- . You got ta love these retail stores . If they have the newer item , camcorder or whatever , they dont have the battery , or the cord , or whatever you need for a complete system . Always trying to sell out last years junk first . If the manufacturer is playing hardball with the dealer on new items causing the customer to either wait or buy the extra accessories on their website as is very common with additional cordless phone batteries , why then does Best Buy , Circuit City , etc. , allow this ? WalMart would tell them sell it yourself ! So I turn to good old Amazon figuring I can easily wait 1-2 weeks for delivery if the price was right . Well , the price was better than right . I got the base unit for 159.00 . The handset for 109.00 -LRB- 20 rebate as above -RRB- . I got an additional 1 time Kitchen and Housewares promotion code for 25.00 off ??? , not sure why they did that but no complaints here , no 6 % sales tax -LRB- Fl -RRB- , and free shipping . And the 5-9 day free shipping ... I ordered on Sunday and it arrived Wednesday morning . I admit thats a bit unique for Amazon but God bless 'em anyway . So I saved over 60 $ , never left the house to make this purchase -LRB- that in itself is always a fun experience-buying something from a salesman that usually has less than a clue about the product and goes from confusion to frustration to downright anger when asked numerous technical questions -RRB- , and had my phones set up by Wednesday evening which is probably the night I would have been making my second trip to Sears or Best Buy for the handset.Not everything on Amazon is the best price around . But once I joined I have yet to experience a problem with an order , shipping , billing , nothing at all . And I have bought everything from a guitar to Weber grill parts without a hitch . Check this phone out and you will like it .
 This is defintetly the best phone I have ever purchased . It is feature rich but very easy to use . The menu navigation on the phone is very intuitive - the best I have ever seen . It may have too many features , but you do n't need to use them all if you do n't want to . The software that comes with the phone is easy to install and use . It is very basic , but performs the functions that you want . I was able to import my names and phone numbers from Microsoft Outlook and then easily choose the ones that I wanted to download to the phone . The software allows you to download names and numbers , pictures and ring tones . The number of ring tones and pictures is adequate but you are restricted to only 49 names and phone numbers . This limitation is my only knock against the phone . Why not give the user the ability to trade off pictures and ring tones against more phone numbers , or dramatically increase the amount of storage for phone numbers - after all , it is a phone .
 This phone is well worth the price . Phone and answering machine both work great . Phone holds a good charge for a few days without being hung up . Great product . Would highly recomend .
 I have been using this phone and the matching extension phones for seven months now . NO problems . NO complaints . The phone is very handy , good looking , and has a ton of features .
 I really like the phone , however , the talking feature that lets me know who 's calling is not very clear and is low so I ca n't really hear who 's calling from another room which is the main reason I bought this phone . Also , the ringer volume is not as high as I would like it to be . I do , however , like the answering machine feature and the fact that you can put pictures in so that whoever is calling , their picture shows up .
 We have had this phone for almost a year and I love it . We have the base station which is also an answereing machine plus we have a sattelite phone . I wish we had more satelite phones . I love the talking feature because I just listen and know who is calling . I also love the programming feature . I never have to look aup a tel number that I call regularly anymore . I just wish the extra phones were not so expensive to add on.Great phone buy it .
 This is simply the finest and most versatile phone we have ever had . With cell phones taking over , this is the best choice for a home phone . We have had it since they came out and have now replaced it with another as the numbers finally wore off . You can add your own tone and display photo and add up to 6 remote phones.Thanks Panasonic !
 Great transaction for this expandable cordless phone with answering system . Product received exactly as advertised . Works great ! Would do business with them again .
 We 've had several Panasonic cordless phones now and not only do they have great features and work very well , they just do n't break . We 've never replaced a Panasonic phone due to a problem and we 've either handed down or re-sold our old ones . You will not be disappointed with this product .
 Re-design your office with it 's cool appearence.Great funtion , sync with PC through USB cable.The best !
 I got all features I wanted and more . Phone is easy to setup and it 's wi-fi friendly .
 Pros
 We bought this unit as a replacement for an older lexmark unit , we needed something Vista ready . This was n't Vista OTB , but the HP site had drivers available . Very easy to install on our desktop . I also have it hook via USB hub to run from an XP laptop.Both PCs run great.A definite purchase if you are in the market for an inexpensive home PC .
 This HP Officejet 5610 all-in-one is a great item . It 's clarity is very nice the only downfall is it is noisey when it is printing and faxing . Great price value for this item .
 Good little machine . I only use the printing , copying and scanning features . Could n't set up the fax , as it appears I would need a dedicated line for it to work with my DSL . However , I do n't know many people who even use faxes anymore -LRB- I scan and email pdf of documents instead -RRB- . Software is included that converts scanned documents to pdf . Nice.My primary complaint would be that the printer will not printer on the thicker -LRB- higher quality -RRB- photo paper . Jams with anything 10 mil or thicker , such as the Kodak Ultima -LRB- gold -RRB- picture paper . However , works o.k. with the 8 mil photo paper , such as the Kodak Premium -LRB- silver -RRB- picture paper . O.k. / acceptable print quality for pictures , though the print quality was actually better on my much cheaper HP DeskJet 932C . Overall , good bang for your buck for an all in one machine .
 This device does everything I hoped for -- print , copy , scan , fax . It is simple to set up and operate . The price is reasonable . All in all , excellent .
 Good all-around printer-scanner-fax for home office use . I could only find one flaw , and that was its ability to recognize different ring-tones from Embarq . I can not use the auto-answer feature because I have three ring patterns , and it confuses two of them . Beyond that , it is a great product . I do n't get that many faxes anymore , so it is really a small point in today 's technology world . Printing and scanning is fast and accurate , especially on draft modes . Good value for the money .
 Used to support a real estate business , this all in one gets a good workout . Great value for the price and instructions are easy to understand . Only have two issues , first is a small capacity color cartridge . Would like to have one with larger ink capacity . The second issues is sometimes the top tray grabs the paper wrong and will jam the feeder is you do n't hold the back corner to allow the feeder on both sides to align correctly to feed the paper straight . Those two issues aside , I have been pleased with the operation and would recommend this series of products .
 This printer is just awesome ... easy to use and the printing quality is amazing.Not only that its copy function is also really good.Copies even better then the original copy.I recommend everyone to buy this printer .
 I have had excelant service from my HP . Great quality copies . The set up was quick and easy . I am very pleased with my purchase.Elliott Knorr
 Great price , easy to install , easy to use , and all the functions work really well . The scanner and its software 's ability to quickly create a word document is impressive .
 I 've owned this printer / copier / fax / scanner for a number of years , now and have had good luck with it . No break-downs of any sort . It just works . I 've enjoyed the paper feeder for multiple page faxes ; I do n't need to stand there and feed sheet after sheet . I can stack , start the fax , and walk away . Same for multiple page copies . I 'd recommend it for low volume use . I do n't use the color photo printing feature , so ca n't comment on color photo quality . I 'd assume it 's not very good , however . I have a Canon i960 color photo printer right next to this HP for my color photos .
 I have had this printer over a year now and have been really quite impressed with the quality . It does go through ink , but I tend to buy the knock offs on ebay for $ 7 each , which really keeps the operating costs on this unit quite low.I also recently made the transition to Windows 7 on a new PC and it works quite well . My only recommendation is to not install that stupid HP Solution Center . The file is huge and it doesnt even work right . Just use the Windows internal fax/scan program which works perfectly with it.These are getting tougher to find though :-LRB- I got mine on a large classified site which rhymes with laigslist .
 I got this printer last year . I still think it is a good deal . The print out is clear and the printing speed is good with minimum noise . I would recommend it to others .
 No problems . I used this on both Xp & Vista with no issues . The copies look good , especially the color prints .
 This is an excellent resource tool for copying , scanning documents and photographs , sending faxes , and printing from your computer.This particular item is also economical and does excellent work . A must-have for any office or student work .
 This HP printer/copier/scanner / fax machine is wonderful.Very good color print resolution . The fax and scan and copy features work fine.The reason I purchased HP was because I could n't find ink for Dell 's printers with good prices.This is the perfect machine for the home office for occassional faxing , and smaller copy jobs either from the glass , feed tray or the computer . I feel the ink cartridges last a long time .
 I bought this printer for Fax & Scanner and printing probably 30 pages in a month and did n't have much expectation about photo quality printing . But I figured out even the photo printing quality is so good with the ink it came with I ca n't believe my eyes . This is the best value printer with this price . Only thing I do n't like the Scanner/Copier Tray . It is hard to scan passports unless you hold and press the scanner cover firmly and which might bear soon if used that way .
 This products just simply works well and efficiently for anyone who needs to complete basic printing , scanning , faxing and copying jobs . And for the price , you ca n't beat it !
 THE OFFICE HELPER IS A GOOD NAME FOR THIS PRODUCT , BECAUSE IT SAVED ALL THE EMPLOYEE 'S FROM HAVING TO GO TO ANOTHER LOCATION FOR THEIR FAXES .
 This printer was a breeze to set up , and its functionalities are very intuitive to use . If had no problems so far with its operation . I really like peripherals that I can just forget about , and this is certainly one of these . A real bargain .
 $ 130 ... seems like a great value and it is . No problems whatsoever with the machine . The default settings will sometimes give you a fax with lines down the paper , but just change the settings and it 's perfectly clear . Definitely recommend this machine to anyone who wants to do everyday activity and does n't need to scan with extremely high quality -LRB- takes forever if it needs to be a high quality scan -RRB- .
 I love my printer , copy , fax , scan machine . And it does n't take up lots of space on my desk . It does everything I need and the price was fantastic .
 This machine is super simple to setup and use . The only drawback is that it does not hold a lot of papper .
 I am very pleased with this machine . It is easy to use . The manual overall is easy to follow . A good product at a reasonable price .
 This printer gives high quality fast printing , copying , faxing , and scanning at a super low price . Set up required several calls to tech support , and them taking over the computer to find and change some settings , but now it is everything it is advertised to be .
 I have owned several HP and Epson printers , and like this one -LRB- by far -RRB- the most . It is simple to use for the most-used features -LRB- print , copy , fax -RRB- . I have still not used the manual for the more in-depth uses . It is quick , quiet and of very good quality . I have no opinion of ink usage as of yet .
 We are extermly satisfied with 5610 . The quality of scans , copies and prints are great for home .
 We were happy with this printer . HP has excellent quality and affordable price . This was a gift for my dad and I had an older model of my own that I 've loved .
 for the $ $ $ $ $ $ A RELIABLE ALL AROUND PRINTER . WHEN AND IF I NEED A REPLACEMENT PRINTER WOULD SELECT THIS MODEL . JANE STEPHEN
 Have had this about a year now and WOW ... for $ 99 on sale it does it all . Who ever thought you could one day copy-print-scan and fax easily for $ 99 ? All functions have been used at least 6 times ... we have made 5,000 copies and printed at least 1,000 pages . Take a close look at this 5610 ... we are quite pleased .
 Very happy with mine . Tried other brand , but it was terrible . This HP is great so far -LRB- few months of use -RRB- . What is really nice is the document feeder ... when you fax multiple sheets , you can do it in one quick call.Worth the money . It will do about anything well .
 Does a great job for the price . Ink cartridges are too small - be prepared to spend a lot of money on cartridges if you use it a lot .
 I give the HP Officeject 5610 5 stars based on performance , options and price , you just ca n't beat it ! I made all of our Christmas cards with it , faxing is easy , you can copy in both bw and color , the scanner is fantastic ! If you have heavy duty faxing or copy jobs then this would probably not be the all-in-one for you.This is the perfect machine for the home office for occassional faxing , and smaller copy jobs either from the glass , feed tray or the computer . I feel the ink cartridges last a long time.The only thing I am not all that happy with is the photo copying . It does n't quite get the colors right , particularly when copying from another photo . It 's fine for scanning photos into the computer . I just would n't use the photos it copies in a scrapbook or for a picture frame and I would n't have confidence that they would n't fade over time . For newsletter or card purposes , the photos turn out well but photo paper photos , if that if your main goal , this is n't the machine for you.When copying , you can make lighter or darker copies , choose the size and quality . One thing I have been very happy with is that when I copy or scan my 5 year old daughter 's artwork , it gives me a nearly exact replica and it 's hard to tell which is the copy and which one is the real drawing . Again , when it prints on photo paper though , it 's lacking .
 We purchased this machine because we needed fax capabilities and thought we might as well go for the whole machine . So far , it performs like it cost twice the price ! The print quality is very good in both color/photo and black and white . The document feeder is really handy for fax/copy/scan-ing more than one page at a time . The ink cartridges seem to last . Do n't believe the machine when it says it is out of ink . Just push ok and wait for the print quality to go down .
 Prior to purchasing the HP All-in-One printer , copier , scanner and fax , I used a cannon bubble jet printer with a stand alone scanner . The printer produced printed pages at acceptable quality but snails pace speed . The scanner only accepted one document at a time and only produced outputs as TIFs . The speed and quality of the HP printer is outstanding . The scanner has many options for output file types and the automatic feed makes copying/scanning/faxing multilple documents a breeze . The cost is truely outstanding when compared to its capabiilities and quality of products . I 'll never look back .
 So far this printer seems to be a great buy . I just wish they would n't keep varying the printer cartridges since I still have several unused from my previous HP all-in-one that broke .
 This does it all and is easy to set up . HP seems to always deliver and a great price .
 I think this is a good printer , copier , fax . I have had HPs for many years . For what you pay , they are fine . I have no complaints . It is a little slow as a copier , but otherwise , I like it . If you want a faster , fancier , better copier-fax machine , pay the price .
 Got this yesterday and installed it in less than an hour . The ease of installation is phenominal . I had a couple of documents that I needed to have scanned and was waiting for this to arrive . I also printed photos of my son 's wedding from a DVD . Quality was as if I had taken them to the local corner drugstore . Color was sharp , black and white very clear . I knew what cartridges were needed when I ordered this and took advantages of the free shipping by ordering several extra ones to have on hand . I bought another brand top feeder several years ago . It turned me off of the all-in-one printers for a long time . Ended up just giving it away . Could n't get rid of it fast enough . Have been with HP ever since . This is my fourth HP printer product over the years . Also have purchased an HP computer . Have printed out more than 30 cookbooks over the years . HP printers just keeps on ticking ! And I expect this one to do the same .
 Had an older officejet that was a workhorse . Problem was , when I needed a copy of the drivers to load to a new computer , HP could n't support it . This unit is much smaller but able to handle just as much . Great for smaller space , does n't take up much room but works like a larger commercial unit . Good investment !
 Functions very well . Starts right away and funtions more cleanly than the Epson we had . We had an HP before , then tried Epson . This one is so much better .
 This is a great machine . So far -LRB- 5 months -RRB- I have n't had to change cartridges more than once . It is a no fuss , no mess way to print , copy & FAX without needing to keep the user 's guide in hand . The only time I needed it , in fact , was figuring out where to clear a paper-jam ; from the back ! That was a bit weird and , because of where my printer is located , inconvenient . But the user 's guide pointed the way with clarity .
 I bought this machine a month ago for an extremely economical price . By the time I used up a gift certificate I had for $ 50 for taking surveys , used the $ 30 credit from Amazon for getting a credit card and I already had a printer cable - I only paid $ 19 for this machine !! It prints pretty well . I have a color laser at home and the quality of this machine compared the laser is pretty close ! It scans pretty well with a lot of options and it shuts down much quicker than most machines after it 's finished printing.It 's worth the money - even if it 's $ 99 ;--RRB- .
 hello I am writing this review about the HP officejet 5610 . I bought this printer for the intention of using this MFD with my fiance 's Mac and my Vista PC . I am running a D-Link Wireless print server model DP-311U . I installed the printer driver via open source for the HP Officejet 5610 using the HPIJS ver 2.7.6 Open Source Printer Driver by searching Google.After installing the Printer Driver on the Mac It enabled me to install this printer even though the printer was not plugged in -LRB- the HP install CD for the mac requires you to have the printer plugged in locally to install the software and can not be configured , go figure . -RRB- So after that hard work of getting that all working the Mac now works via the wireless printer server and prints wirelessly . I have not gotten the scan function to work just yet . I will not use the device to fax.As far as the Vista computer I ran into a few snags . When having the printer plugged into the print server and installing the printer drivers it only printed half the page and then mysteriously stopped printing . I could not figure out why . After literally hours of messing with it I found the problem . The PC spools the job too quickly for the printer to pick up and only gets half the of the print and then awaits the rest of the job which never comes because the PC sent it too quickly . Reinstalling the printer driver , messing with the spooler ALL FAILED . What ended up working for the PC to print successfully to the HP Officejet 5610 via the D-Link Wireless Print Server was I selected the option during setup after choosing LPR instead of RAW to checkmark the option entitled `` LPR BYTE COUNTING ENABLED . '' What this basically did was slowed the print down so after printing the job it took a bit longer for the printer to print but indeed then did print all the way through - when the job started however the printer printed just as fast as it would have any other way.So all in all the MAC and now the PC print successfully to the HP Officejet 5610 via the D-link Wireless Printer Server . I hope this review helps somebody else out that runs into the same problem.As far as the quality of the printer - it prints fine , works fine , no problems . The print cartrides are a tad small but that is OK.I give this printer a 4 out of 5 stars .
 Came within two days . Very easy to hook up . So far -LRB- 2 months -RRB- it is working quite well . It is a little noisy and makes you wonder if it will be able to load paper , but it does . Printing is pretty fast and the fax worked well on both receiving and sending .
 Incredibly the necessary USB cable to connect the unit to a computer is NOT included ...
 The 5610 may not be the fastest thing on 4 wheels but for the money , it is a good choice . If you need an all-in-one for your home this will fit the bill .
 FOR THE MOST PART I REALLY LIKE THE 5610 . IT WAS VERY EASY TO SET UP AND INSTALL.PRINTING IS BETTER THAN I EXPECTED.THE SCANNER IS A LITTLE ON THE SLOW SIDE , BUT THAT COULD BE BECAUSE I USE AN OLDER COMPUTER.I DO N'T KNOW.BUT ALL IN ALL IT IS A VERY CONVIENT AND A GOOD DEAL FOR THE MONEY .
 I am concerned about how much more printing I do , now that I have my HP 5610 . -LRB- That is praise -RRB- Buy one , enjoy printing quality , and reliability .
 I tried 3 Epson printers first ; Epson used to be my favorite , but all 3 had one thing or another wrong with them and had to be returned . I had just about given up finding a decent one at a reasonable price . Then I came upon this HP OfficeJet . The price is what attracted me at first ; then , when I saw it was a printer , scanner , copier and fax all in one , I was amazed . I thought , why not try it . I purchased it and am so glad I did . This machine works perfectly in all aspects . I do transfer printing and really needed something that gave a perfect picture every time - this is it ! I now see why HP is rated # 1 in the market . I highly recommend the OfficeJet to anyone looking for a reasonably priced , high quality all-in-one .
 A GREAT LITTLE MACHINE - EASY TO SET UP AND USE . FAST ENOUGH TO SUIT ANY HOME USER . WHY SPEND MORE THAN $ 100 + . THE QUALITY IS THERE AND HP IS THERE TO BACK IT UP !
 This all-in-one turned out better than I expected for the price . Mainly because it has a very convenient top-loading horizontal document feeder for copying , scanning and faxing of which I was unaware . Just lay your stack and press your choice . This makes multi-tasking so much easier . Good quality prints and photos . Great machine .
 We were just looking for an easy to use inexpensive all-in-one and this one really fit the bill . Easy to set-up , easy to use , no complaints . We do n't print photos at home -LRB- because of the large quantity of photos that we print , we find it really is cheaper and easier for us to send those out to be done -RRB- . So I ca n't and wo n't rate this printer on it 's photo printing quality . But for just everyday printing -LRB- color and black/white -RRB- , copying and faxing this printer really is a great buy .
 This machine has been great so far . I have n't tried out the fax yet but everthing else is great
 Excellent product ... so far no troubles ... UPS did not reach me telling that I was not available , where as I did n't get any notice and got information only after checking the site for delay . Then I had to go and collect . About the product it is doing its duty well .
 I recieved the printer in a timely manner . and it is great ! thank you .
 HP5610 PRINTER COPIER SCANNER FAX ALL-N-ONE 07311A #aba -RSB- -RSB- is an excellant useful item to have in my home to assist with homework assignments for the kids and my entertainment agency . I manage recording artist gospel , R&B ; and JAZZ singers . they do a variety of engagements around the northeast sector of the states . We are centralized in Cleveland Ohio.Cantact us at 216-269-4746 Cell phone Bill Branch agentMJB Entertainment is the agency and a new web site is under construction to market the business , Color Brochures , pictures of the artist and sitewhere they perform are easily prepared with the color copier and e-mailcommercials to prespective coustomers is a great advantage for me tostay in the business and make it wortth everyone time ,
 Hey , If you could find a man that was all in one , would n't you want him too .
 This product performs all tasks very well . Product support is also very good .
 I have run about 300 pages through this machine so far . I just got a low ink warning but I can not say how low it is because some printers sound false alarms when you still have quite a bit of ink remaining . Anyway if it is already running out of ink this is going to be expensive . Because I am very happy with the machine so far I ordered a refill kit from inksell.com so that will cut way down on the ink costs . There are settings available to adjust the margins and other things but I have n't tried them yet . The quality is very good ! The machine is quiet and easy to set up and use .
 the HP 5610 All-in-one is a faboulus machine . it 's kinda easy to use , but long to install . and there 's a small problem , really small
 This is the best buy for the money ! - Does everything GREAT !!! - Even the color cart . are cheaper than ones I used to buy . Example , I had to buy the HP 57 color , the price differance is a 15.00 savings buying the HP 22 . This printer will pay for itself in 6 months based on my usage .
 I never rate anything a 5 - there 's always room for improvement . So far , I have few complaints about this piece of equipment . I have n't had a moment to print pictures/photography which is why I chose a bit more pricey model than I would have just to print documents . It 's quick , gives me plenty of options , the fax is great and does n't interfere with my answering machine - and so far I have used the copier function a lot more than I had anticipated . The only hitch is the feeder for the copier - tends to get things a little crooked . But that 's to be expected . Even office copiers have that issue . All in all , I would recommend this for anyone 's home office .
 I am absolutely happy with the 5610 . I have not used the scanner yet , but the fax works well , and the printer and copier provide great copies . This machine has everything I want , including the choice of automatic paper feed or placing the item to be copied/faxed/scanned on the glass . The automatic feed worked perfectly for multiple pages . I would recommend the 5610 to anyone shopping for an all-in-one .
 I 've been using this printer for over 3 years now and it still works great for me . The ink lasts reasonably long enough but , still , the cost of ink cartridges is a bit high ... Look for sales or multi-discounts ! I also still have a -LRB- behemoth -RRB- HP 1120 Officejet -LRB- 15 years old -RRB- that remains in -LRB- limited -RRB- use . These HP printers have proved reliable although the 1120 has recently developed a smudging at the start of each print job ... cleaning or even a new cartridge does not eliminate this problem . Oh , well , after 15 years , I guess it 's really time to `` eliminate '' that printer . Overall , I have had good experience with HP printers and recommend them highly .
 I got this printer in 2007 , and really like it . I can only review the print , scan and copy functions , since I 've never used the fax.Print
 This is a pretty good printer for the price . It prints faster than my old Lexmark one . It does n't take up a lot of room . It also scans , copies , faxes . What more does the average home user need in a printer ? I like the reputation of Hewlett Packard .
 Found the Officejet 5610 very easy to install and works like a champ . I 'm using a LAN here at the house and found it very easy to set the print sharing feature between all our computers . HP provides easy to understand installation instructions both in writing and in CD form for both Windows and the Mac . I also found the HP website to be extremely helpful answering any questions that the wife and I came up with . I found Amazon 's price -LRB- $ 129.00 -RRB- to be a bargain . Arrived in only four days using standard mail . Pretty good for living out here in Nebraska !
 We bought this printer to replace an older model HP that was very outdated and slow . Will mainly be used for business documents . We are very pleased with our purchase . Simple to set-up , and very easy to use ALL functions . Found the best price at AMAZON.COM by purchasing during their HP Big Event ... a little less than $ 135 , including very quick ... free delivery as well . Ordered on the 6th and delivered on the 10th , even with the super saver shipping -LRB- shipping confirmation stated delivery would be 17-21 -RRB- . Quick , quality printing in a compact , lightweight machine .
 This replaced a 3 year old , $ 500 printer that broke and no one would fix it . Yes , it is a lot cheaper and it 's kind of slow but the quality is there . I produce a lot of text/photo pages and it is so much better than the dead one . No lines , bleeds or wrinkles . Wonderful . Even if it breaks in a year it 's worth it . I did get the extended warranty though .
 This copier is wonderful for the price . A great buy . It does photos , copies , scans , feeds paper to copy , scans to copy , faxes . The set up is very easy for a dummy . This was a wonderful experience .
 Before I purchased this printer I had bought one for my daughter . She had used it for about 2 mos and loves it . I thought I would buy the next one up and then read the reviews on this printer as well as the more expensive ones . The 5610 comes with a higher review so I purchased the 5610 . I am not sorry and am very pleased . I would recomend this purchase
 This product is user friendly and was plug and play into my computer so it was a no hassle way of getting it installed . It was inexpensive and did exactly what I wanted to do . It gives you so many ways to copy , feed and scan your documents . I truly enjoy this product and plan to utilize it for many years .
 The printer I bought worked for about a month , making horrible noises the whole time and finally started giving me all kinds of error messages and stopped working . Due to lazyness I did n't contact HP about the problem for 10 months -LRB- right before the warranty was going to expire -RRB- . I used the online tech support feature and a tech gave me numerous things to try and fix the problem . After 20 minutes of fiddling with it , he told me HP would send me a new printer and pay for me to ship the broken one back to them . Two days later I had my new printer . Several months later , it is still working beautifully . I was very impressed with HPs customer service and that they honored the warranty without me even asking them to .
 Great printer for the money . The print quality is outstanding . The fax functionality works great -- very easy to understand . -LSB- ... -RSB- All in all , I 'm very pleased with the quality of this printer and I 'd definitely recommend it to others . Found low cost replacement ink cartridges at -LSB- ... -RSB- - would recommend them .
 I yes the printer for home use only and have used all the functions without any difficulty whatsoever . I can honestly say I did n't even have to open the manual . Print quality is very good .
 wow . i have recently purchased this printer , not from amazon , but from my local Sam 's Club . my mother uses coupons at our local grocery store , and can find coupons online . when we print them , it 's unbelievable . every time , we cant help but to say , `` wow , that 's amazing . '' this printer is great . it has a copier , faxer , and scanner on it , and of course , the printing feature . it has an extendable tray to hold paper , and it is very easily accessible . sometimes i am on the computer , and my mother will copy coupons without effecting what i am doing , like right now for example . quoting my mother , `` i ca n't believe we have this . '' truly unbelivable printer . if you need a printer , i highly highly recommend this .
 This machine does everything that I need for my home and home ofice . The output af the machine and it 's ease of use are all that I expected and it 's capabilities are far more than I anticipated . It 's a little `` tinny '' -LRB- Probably a more exact term would be `` Plasticy '' -RRB- , but , at the price , it exceeds my expectations .
 Loved this printer , copier , fax . I ended up buying 2 more for the office . The quality of printing is great and the automatic paper feeder really helps .
 I recommend this product to anyone who is looking for a 2nd printer for eveyday use . I use this for my everyday printing/copying/scanning / etc. . I also have a HP Photosmart printer which I use for all my photo and special printing . You do not need to spend a lot of money for an All-In-One , look at this 1st .
 We recently purchased the HP Officejet 5610 All-in-One Printer , Copier , Scanner , Fax to replace a clapped out 7 year old inkjet and an ancient parallel port truckbed sized scanner . Getting a fax -LRB- which we needed at home -RRB- and a copier -LRB- which we really appreciate -RRB- was enough to seal the bargain.We 've been running this unit for 3 months now - wife using it for faxing workers comp documentation , medical reports and resumes -LRB- coming off a work related accident -RRB- . It is the most convenient unit we could have hoped for . It prints at a speed that rivaled our worn out inkjet -LRB- we do n't do a lot of large document printing -RRB- , copies documents and scans with a better quality than original document input -LRB- minus chopping of margains -RRB- . We have a second printer - a Canon photo inkjet that is now relegated only to photography printing . As expensive as ink is - the HP is still cheaper for office work than the 6 Canon tanks necessary for photos.I 've read a lot of horror stories related to installation of this unit - problems we did NOT encounter . Installation went without a hitch - we disabled our computer anti-virus program and everything spun right up . First time setup -LRB- minus the fax -RRB- took under 30 minutes . Our fax problem was our own doing as we have dual phone line jacks in our computer room and plugged the fax into an inactive line.The unit itself priced out under $ -LSB- ... -RSB- where we purchased it - bought extra ink tanks as part of the overall purchase . Our unit came with a USB connector from HP , clearly marked on the carton.At this price point - we got exactly what we wanted with no surprises . Printing is not fast - especially color . Photos are best printed on our Canon . Scans are good enough - but we keep a newer purchased Canon LDE series scanner in reserve for higher quality work.Color combo ink tank is the greatest drawback - knew that going into the purchase - more expensive to replace the 3 color tank when only one color is out of ink . We 're living with it so far - and we have no regrets with any of the functions the unit performs .
 What I like best is the -LRB- relatively -RRB- small footprint and light weight . It is easy to move the machine around and to get into the back when I need to do so.Very good color print resolution . The fax and scan and copy features work fine.I had resisted all-in-ones , concerned about too much activity jammed into a small space , but there is no sacrifice in quality for my amateur purposes.CAUTION
 This printer can print back to front . This is invaluable in saving time if you 're printing a novel . It shows you clearly how to reposition the pages to print the second side.Also , you can save ink by going to File-Print-preferences and changing the ink quality to Fastdraft or Fastnormal . You can still read it . I 've already printed about three-hundred or more pages with some color with their sample cartridges and have gotten no warnings for low ink . -LRB- And this is with their sample cartridges included in the item -RRB- . You can also print this in a book form where it 's shrunk to fit to half the page in landscape form . I finally got my low ink warning and continued to print.I did n't need to purchase a USB because it worked with my old printer 's cable . I also got a USB extender and was able to move the printer further away from my computer . -LRB- I have a one-year-old who broke my last printer . -RRB- The reason I purchased HP was because I could n't find ink for Dell 's printers and when I ordered the ink online the DHL people would n't bring it both times.Another item is that the scanning feature is easy to use . I have so far printed CD covers , 119 page novels -LRB- three of them on fastdraft -RRB- , and I 've scanned . I also used the document feeder and it crumpled the paper . So be careful when putting the paper flat.Okay , it 's not kosher but I set the fax to answer the phone after three rings -LRB- you can set it from 2-6 rings if you set it to answer automatically -RRB- and I screen my calls that way . Unwanted callers get the fax . Did I mention it rings and has caller I.D ? It does ! It 's freaking awesome ! So if you get a call from someone you do n't want to talk to at that moment you can just let the phone ring and it will give the fax screeeee ... -LRB- you wo n't hear it . It 's quiet . -RRB- If you do want the call pick it up before the machine rings the set number of times that you set.Also , I bought this item listed as Free Super Saver Shipping . The other 5610 does not offer that . Do n't order that one . The ink for this item is 22 , 56 and I believe 58 for photos . -LSB- ... -RSB- I would buy the HP product again . It is lightweight , small and cute.Oh , and there are very good instructions to set it up . I set it up in a few minutes . The software installing took a long time but I did the complete setup.When you take it out of the box there is a paper -LRB- English and one Spanish -RRB- that tell you how to set it up . It 's very simple !
 Was 12 hours in the store , looking at various machines , before I got this one . I returned 6 machines . Two were HP 1410 , real dogs , both broke down . No frills , but does what it does well and economically.The copier/printer electronics of this unit eventually tanked , but that was after lots and lots of use . I still use the scanner/sheetfeeder for storing/copying -LRB- by printing the scans on another dedicated printer , the 5550 that I 've had for 9 years . -RRB- Was looking for a copier to make nice B&W ; copies , especially of books , where I could leave the cover open in a dimly lit room and I would get a white border around the copied object , thereby saving lots of ink . The HP 5610 did this as well or better than any model/brand . Epson ink vapor gave me headaches and the brother ink cleaning-system seemed worrisome because I have gone weeks without copying.The 5610 may be the only new HP that still uses the legacy # 56 and # 58 cartridges for B&W ; and photo color -LRB- although it does use the new 5 ml # 22 for plain color -RRB- - I hope this printer is a big success , so HP will be compelled to continue using older economical cartridges for new machines . The 5610 seems to be a maverick from HP 's new business model which is obviously `` the cheaper the machine , the more expensive the ink $ per ml . `` No problems . The 5610 makes perfect copies , extremely fast in fast mode . The feeder is OK , even with cheap , newsprint-type paper . The setup defaults to `` actual size , '' which cuts off 3/4 inch of what you copy at the bottom , but you can change the default to `` fit to page '' and that will shrink your copy a tiny bit , hardly noticeable , but will definitely capture the entire original , while giving you about a 1/2 '' white border all around . It did come out of the box with a strong plastic reek from within , which was remedied by swapping it for the store shelf demo , which had `` gassed out '' over time.At first the software would not install , but when I disabled the resident shield of my virus checker , it installed smoothly . HP seems ignorant of this solution , in literature and customer support . I had to figure it out myself .
 Value driven product , little deuce coupe of the printers ; will be a valuable home office asset for years to come , it does it all .
 this is my 2nd hp all in one printer , great for home office and worth the price .
 This all-in-one replaced a fax , an obsolete Epson color printer and a Canon personal copier . I have saved all kinds of counter space . So far it works just fine . Good copies and good scans also . I am impressed with this machine , and the price was way below what I paid for everything that I just got rid of.I trust that HP will be there if something goes wrong . I am using it with my new iMac with Leopard OS . I set it up quickly with no issues .
 The officejet 5610 provides outstanding photo prints as well ordinary printing & copying duties . I am also very pleased with the fax operation which can actually detect a fax signal while my answer machine is answering a call . I no longer have to schedule my life around an expected fax . I 've only had the machine a few weeks but so far it is easy to operate and use .
 This is a great Printer and very easy to use . I purchased it primarily for the Fax Machine , but will also use it for it 's printer function as well .
 When my Last H P Printer broke I knew I wanted another H P All In One.I use it for home and some office work . Coping and Faxing are my main uses . I do some printing but not much . It is a good size for my desk and I love the way the paper loads on the machine . The only draw back is I think its too loud.The price was very good , I was surprised .
 The printer works very well . However , it did not come with the USB as stated in the packaging directions -LRB- it was suppose to be included -RRB- and I had to go buy one . That was $ 40.00 so this item was no bargain after all . I could tell the package had never been opened so it was clear that it came from the manufacture that way . Obviously it was not packaged correctly . I will not order items of this nature through a web site again . Too much trouble to package everything up , mail it back , wait for another one to come with the correct part , etc. . Items of this nature should be purchased from a store , in case there are any problems .
 This is the greatest piece of equipment that I have . I love it !! Roxann HillGecko Girl
 This works great for the price and prints great photo 's too !! Item gets an A +
 I am very happy with my purchase - it was a gift for my son , it was perfect having it shipped directly to him at school , and the product itself has worked out very nicely .
 A very nice all in one - particularly well suited for a home office .
 This is a great product at a reasonable price . It is nice too have a reliable product that can scan , print , copy , and fax and have it all in one unit .
 I always like HP 's product . My order came on time and in use as we speak .
 This product has really help with my printing needs . I like the simplicity of the machine , you can easily scan , fax etc. I would recommend this product to any one who is in the market for an expectional home printer .
 FAST , MANY OPTIONS TO CHOOSE FROM , SCANS/FAX/PRINT REALLLLY WELLHIGHLY RECOMMEND BUYING IT -LRB- if you 're looking for a efficient printer -RRB- SHIPPING FROM AMAZON , FAST & ARRIVED ON A HOLIDAY -LRB- via . UPS -RRB- A + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + ********* ~ \ - / o w i E! ~ *********
 nice all in 1 . saves me a lot of time and works great.have been using it for about 3 months and love it .
 I do n't know if they even sell this anymore , but HP printers -LRB- at least this one -RRB- are problem free , reliable , easy-to-use . I have never had an issue with this that I could n't fix in a minute or two . Then I put a non-HP ink cartridge in it and it destroyed it -LRB- began smoking , never ran again -RRB- . If you 're not willing to pay for HP inks do n't buy HP printers .
 I have a Macintosh desktop and laptop . I just recently added an Airport Express wireless router and found out that my HP 5610xi is not compatible with my Airport Express . I 'm now back to switching the USB for the 5610xi between my laptop and desktop anytime I need to print or scan . There are no apparent updates to this issue on the HP website . So if printing through your Macintosh Airport Express wireless setup is n't important than this All-in-one will get the job done . Otherwise carefully consider another option that will be compatible .
 What can I say ? It does everything it is supposed to do at a fantastic price . I purchased this for my office and am very pleased . Yes , one review mentions that it does n't print close to the margins , but knowing that I am still impressed . One should also note that feeding multiple pages in the top feeder ; sometimes one will go in crooked . Those are the only two things about the machine itself . The print quality is great , and the cartridges are readily available on Amazon . The setup process was pretty quick although there is a never ending list of updates to the software itself which will take about an hour to complete .
 This may be the best value on an all in one printer , scanner , fax and copier anywhere . It 's fast , quiet , easy to set up and prints/copies great !
 I primarily bought this printer in order to scan documents using the feeder so that I could reduce the amount of paperwork in my office . I 'm very pleased with it so far . It 's quite light , compact , and quiet . Setup was a snap . Also , if you have an Adobe writer program , you can select `` create pdf from scanner , '' put your document in the feeder , and viola ! you have a pdf file with all of the pages in order . The feeder works well . The scanner is very slow , however , and if you try to scan pages of a book or bound document using the flatbed , the quality is not great . It actually worked better for me to first photocopy the pages on my other copier and then put the copies in the feeder to scan them in . The print quality looks good ; I have n't tried the fax . Overall , I think it 's a good value for the money , and I 've always had good luck with HP 's .
 I find this printer to meet all of my home-office needs . It is great to print , copy , fax and scan while remaining seated at my computer . I have used the machine about six months , and still find new features I did n't known about or have n't used .
 I have had this for only a month or so , but it works great . I have only limited printing work to do , but the quality is good . The scanner is also excellent quality . I tested the fax only once -LRB- sending fax -RRB- and it worked well . Would recommend this product , and it works well with windows vista using the accompanying software .
 This is a good value , prints quietly , text looks good when set on fast draft . Uses the 56 black cartridge that is cheap and long lasting . The 27 color cartridge runs out too quickly . The software is crap , -LRB- this goes for all HP all-in one-software -RRB- .
 Received in timely manner , works as advertised - very satisfied .
 This Printer is okay . I do n't like having to put in a special ink cartridge to print good photos . But it is simple to use and is pretty fast.One thing that made me buy from Amazon is because they offered $ 30 off the printer if I signed up for their credit card . So I did and got the card and the printer . They actually put the $ 30 credit on your bill , no problem . What they do n't tell you is that the Credit card company charges you $ 30 transaction fee . So you are n't getting the $ 30 off of the printer . It is to cover the transaction fee . I did not see anywhere that said it charged a transaction fee . Needless to say I will not keep this credit card as Amazon likes to screw you over to get your purchase.No thanks Amazon .
 I have n't done a whole lot of heavy printing yet , but my initial experiences have been great . Setup was easy , and scanning is INCREDIBLY easy - insert the document , press the Scan button , and you have options to scan into Word , a . tif file , Paint , and several other options depending on what you plan to do with the document - the program launches automatically on the computer . I also made some color copies of very detailed pages and they came out awesome . The only problem is that the printed pages have a 1/2 inch non-printable area at the top , so any documents that print to the edge of the page will be cut off . Otherwise , for an inexpensive printer , I 'm very happy .
 I have not used all the features as advertized . But I have used the printing , copying , and faxing options and the printer works as promised !
 Just use it for scanning , copying and printing ... not faxing ... but does each of these things extremely well . The scanning feature is perfect , automatic document feeder works well , and very much like the ability to scan directly into a pdf file . So far -LRB- 2 months -RRB- I am extremely pleased with this machine .
 I just recently acquired my All-in-One and have it set up in my den with my relatively new HP Pavilion Entertainment Notebook . This is such a wonderful piece of technology I never cease to be amazed . I just copleted the fax setup today to complete the installation . I am 87 and am in the process of opening my home office in my den . I have an older Desk Top in my finished basement but it is easier to work here . Everything about this All-in-Oned is easier and better . It is incredible!cut
 OOOOHHHHH my was I upset when I hooked everything up and found out it had no wireless printing capability . I am using an airport extreme base from apple and this product does n't work with it.everything else is great . . but i would have liked to known that before hand . true i could have gone to HP but navigating their site is painful . . so i thought i would stop others from making the same mistake I did .
 I have used it for some days now , I have made lots of copys , it has many features that I think are extraordinary !!! However , I noticed the ink have not lasted me that much !!! :-LRB- I have many many copys , but I still feel it could have given more !!!
 This Hewlett printer is just what I needed and at a fantastically low price . I just could not pass this bargain by . It does more than just print . It 's an all in one . I really love the document feeder to scan and make copies instead of repeatedly lifting the lid and placing the documents in one by one . It makes nice quality pictures as well . I 'm sold on this one !
 I purchased this for my daughter and she says it does everything she needs and fit perfectly in the spot on her desk .
 This product has worked flawlessly since purchased . The print quality is among the best i have seen . HP printers are tops on the market .
 easy set upload software and away you goprints fast and neatlift top is a great great feature , instead of feeder ... looks cool toovery highly recommend
 I like the HP 5610 for an inexpensive all-in-one unit . It 's nice and compact and though took a bit of time , very easy to set up . The only problem is that I have n't been able to figure out how to scan multiple pages into one . pdf . I 've gone under the settings button and set it to . pdf but no luck . I still get multiple files when I scan in multiple pages . This happens to be the main feature that I need it for so at this point , I 'm very disappointed . Any suggestions
 Its been some 50 prints since I bought this new HP officejet.It looks good and am quite satisfied with this printer , probably ` cozthis is my first printer . Primarily used at home to print few docs andscanning images.Rather slow when printing and is definitely not at the speed advertisedby HP folks . Nevertheless since its home , you can live with it.Installation on Vista went with a breeze and eaze and surprisingly fast.Its shipped with all accessories except USB cable !! Thats rather strange , I think HP folks need to supply this it saves atrip to store to buy one.I havent tried printing photos or faxing , but xerox , print and scanning isdone at good resolution . I guess its best to use HPs custom s/w forscanning , it gives lots of options.Definitely recommend for anyone looking for all-in-one printers.Way to go ! Ravi
 This unit works great . My other H.P. would not feed the paper unless it was just perfect .
 I bought this printer mainly to use for the church . I was printing Christmas Programs -LRB- 30 of them -RRB- I had only used the printer twice before , and a black piece and spring came flying out of it . It locked the ink cartridge holder and after several attempts and calling a tech , the Ink THING broke off , even though I only had this printer less than two weeks and this was only the third time I had used it , I assumed i got a refurbished printer NOT a new one . I had thrown away the box and bought a nother one from our local Office Depot for $ 105.97 including tax . A claim to VISA was submitted . So far nothing has been done.I recomend , when looking for anything on the internet ... buying locally , maybe better .
 The HP all in one printer is all that it states . Works fantastically easily installed and worth the price .
 customers looking for a good quality printer , copier , scanner resonabily priced , easy hooking up together with good instructios . when completed the 5610 gets in sync with HP and configures what is needed for best proformance . since I got my 4/1 printer have used for home coping documents for my recertifacations without leaving home.couldn ' t be happier . also has a fax
 I picked this printer because it had the features I wanted and the price was right . I have not gotten it in use as yet , but will soon . I am sure it will be a great buy .
 After studying the benefits and features of various brands and models of printers and the all-in-ones , I finally chose the HP Office Jet 5610 All-In-One and am so glad I did!I followed the quick guide to unpack , install the paper , and ink cartridges . There is one instruction from the guide that I deviated from and I had no problems installing the `` all-in-one software '' the first time . I did n't plug in the printer power cord OR the USB Cable until the software on-screen instructions told me to plug in the USB Cable . Because I have owned several HP products and sometimes their product software is quirky to download and after reading many reviews telling about downloading problems , I took the extra precaution of not powering up the printer period until the software instructions told me to plug in the USB cable.Instructions for setting up the All-In-One , in my opinion , are very thorough , concise , and easy to follow . Setting the various features for the printer , copier , fax went smoothly and all three work just fine.This is a great item at a reasonable price . The only negative comments I have to offer are
 I needed a good `` All-in-One '' printer at good price . I was n't expecting anything like this printer has proven to be . It 's out performed printers I 've had that cost 3 times more ! And no I do n't own stock in HP . It installed flawlessly on my laptop running Windows XP . Took maybe 15 to 20 minutes and NO problems . I do n't know why others experienced such trouble installing theirs but I was pleasantly surprised . So far it has n't jammed or hiccuped in any way whatsoever . I 've printed normal quality , normal fast , draft fast and photo quality on photo paper . The results were slow on normal quality , screaming fast on draft fast . I 'm a professional photographer and I did n't purchase this printer for that purpose but I was VERY surprised at the results . Great if you have family and friends over and your taking pictures with your digital camera and instead of mailing the pics to everyone later you can print them right away and your guests can leave with the pictures in hand . It 's by no means a `` photo '' printer but the results are more than just OK . I 'll update again when once I have a few thousand pages on the odometer instead of just a few hundred . I 'm going to be using this printer much more than I thought . It 's nice to purchase a product that exceeds your expectations . All for $ 100 bucks .
 Prints good ; even pictures on plain paper look pretty good . Having a littletrouble refilling color cartridge . Magenta reluctant to prime.My only complaint is LCD display is not back lit and hard to read in normal room light .
 I obtained this printer recently , brand new , and I must say it is exactly what I wanted for my home . It is replacing an aged HP3p.Installation was a breeze , Since I run Vista , I purchased this unit based on supposed Vista Compatibility , and was not let down . There is a special Vista CD inside with instructions and the actual installation went smooth and automatic . Once the CD was installed , I merely plugged the printer into the USB port and within a few minutes was printing away.This is an above average scanner , the Document feeder makes it real nice to use . The faxing is the best part , as I can now send and receive , even in color if I like.If your needing a great home machine at a good price , this is the one for you . I would not , however suggest it as anything heavy duty for hundreds of pages a day , either printing , faxing or scanning .
 This all in one works well except for the scanner . When I went to the HP website it was obvious that others had the same problem . I set up an alternate path to be able to use the scanner , so I can do so but it is not an item I would recommend for someone who wants a scanner as its main function .
 This was my first time I 've ever had all in one printer . I had Canon printer before this one and that was okay . But I am very much impressed with this HP printer . It pretty much does everything-printing quality is very good , faxing , scanning . I 've had it for about 3 months and no complaints yet . Amazon had it for $ 99 with no shipping cost and sales tax-You ca n't beat that !
 I love my new HP Office Jet 5610 all in one printer . I previously had an Office Jet 710 all in one model and it gave me good service for quite a few years , but I could not copy or scan anything that would not go through the printer . With the new printer I have a flat bed copier/scanner/fax and I can copy items I could not copy before . It is also quieter than the older one . I only bought a new one because the paper feed in the older one finally wore out , but I am glad that I got the one I did . The few dollars difference in the price to get the flatbed is worth it .
 all its perfect , but the color and Black cartridges Hp27 10mls its too small , but you can use a HP 56 Black Inkjet Print Cartridge it have 19mls
 I bought this unit to replace an HP PSC 2410 all-in-one , which was having random errors and print quality problems.The top feeder on this unit is a nice improvement in copying and sending faxes . The scanner software installed and works without any problem on my Windows Vista system .
 I 've had this model about 2 years and have never had any problems with it . It gets more occassional use than heavy use , but it always turns on and works and paper has never jammed . Great little all-in-one for the basic user .
 This is an excellent printer . The scan quality is amazing and the cartridge does last long enough . For some weird reason , the yellow gets over faster than the other 2 colors . This happened twice and I have no clue why . I did not print anything that had specifically higher yellow on it .
 I expected a high quality unit from HP and I got it.Completely satisfied .
 I am thrilled with this product . Often , one associates price with performance and with a relatively low price , I was expecting moderate performance -- boy was I wrong . The scanning function is clear -- developing excellent resolution on all types of documents . The printing is quick and crisp . The color , although not being ideal for photo 's -- does a great job for home printing -- a splash of color is always nice in a letter -LRB- yes , I still write letters -RRB- . The ink dries extremely quickly and I have not run into smudging of recently printed documents . Installation was easy with an excellent wizard . The machine boots up quickly and I am printing a document within seconds of sending it to the printer . Coping is a snap . The autofeed try is a great feature , especially when coping or scanning multiple items.All in all a great product at a great value . My last all in one was a Lexmark and the HP is definitely five steps head in performance , quality and value . I highly recommend this product .
 Love it , love it , love it . No problems whatsoever . My daughter set the whole thing up in minutes . No problems with the fax , copier or scanner .
 Does everythin it promises . Did not get 5 stars because tricolor cartridge is only 5ML and gets used up quickly .
 This is a great printer , it has saved me time and money when I needed a copier and the copies are good . I use the printer and today I printed out great pictures . Although I have n't used the fax or scanner at this time I am confident they will be just as good . It 's my all in one mini office .
 This is the first color printer I 've ever had , so I 'm excited ! Setup was super-easy , software hung on the first attempt but went smoothly second try -LRB- be sure to close other programs , especially antivirus/antispyware programs -RRB- , and I have XP Pro , so I was nervous . Not designed as a photo printer , but when I scanned a pic of my mom , the copy came out better than the original -LRB- could have been the paper too -RRB- . So far , I 'm very pleased that I was able to get this for $ 105 with free shipping ! I think it 's worth at least twice that much . I am keeping my old LaserJet printer for longer B&W docs to save ink ... I have n't tried to fax anything yet but I 'm assuming that will work since everything passed the fax wizard fine . Also , I noticed it 's very light and easy to move -- much lighter than my old printer . It 's definitely not top-of-the-line but it 's good enough for me !
 I have owned this printer myself for a year and a half . I had problems with documents feeding from the top . Called HP and they sent me out a new machine , no questions asked ! Have not had anymore problems with the second one . In fact , I like the machine and the service so much , I bought one for my mother for Christmas !
 I purchased this item because of the price and because I know that HP offers good products . I was not disappointed.It arrived in less time than expected , installation was easy and the output is great . I printed some pictures of my grandchildren for Christmas using the HP Photosmart Essential that was included . The HP printer was easy to use , they printed much faster than my previous printer and everyone was pleased with the pictures they received . Great Product !!! @
 used this printer a lot and still have not run out of ink !! it did not come with a USB cable however and it was listed as being included . very simple to use .
 Just wanted to say it arrived quickly & in perfect condition . I 'm happy with the product . The only thing I 'd change is to include a USB cord with the product as I could n't find any old ones around and made a special trip to town to pick one up . Installation was very easy .
 So far - So good . I love the compact design . The construction is lightweight but solid - a very good printer - I find the scanning vastly superior to my previous Cannon - the fax works . Scanning technology for low end users must improve , but this one is as good as it 's going to get for a while . But the scanning on higher end models gives better resolution and is more adaptable to the page . I was able to purchase the unit for under $ 100 - and I 'm not that fussy . Thus , I 'm very happy with this unit which gives me more desk space in the small area in which I work . No doubt , All-in-One is the wave of the future . The unit is also Vista compatible - but note , that due to all the compatability and other problems with Vista , I 've heard that Microsoft is coming out with an entirely new product at the end of 2008 .
 I bought the 5610 to replace old and separate printer , scanner , and -LRB- film -RRB- fax unit and it has worked flawlessly . Automatic document feeder works very well , and the printing and scanning are both very good and reasonably fast . Faxing and copying are very simple to use without the computer being on . Versatile unit at a good price . Only wish so far would be for a backlight on the LCD display .
 This little ol' lady set up the HP 5610 to her Mac with no problems . Easy and am pleased with the results .
 This printer is the best I have ever owned . I 've only used HP printers and I 've had hits and misses with various models over the years . This one is flawless in all functions . I have printed , scanned -LRB- both with the glass and the ADF -RRB- , copied , and faxed with absolutely no problems.Also , another pleasant suprises is that HP have finally figured out their software components -LRB- at least with this printer -RRB- . Software in the past was slow , clunky , counter-intuitive , and just a general pain to use . The newest version with this printer is very fast . Load time is almost instantaneous and all functionality is accessible and effective . To be fair , I do have a fast computer since a recent upgrade . I 'm running an AMD X2 3800 dual-core processor , 2 gigs of Corsair high-quality RAM , ample hard disk space , and a 7900GT video card.I 'm very pleased with this product . If you want a good all-purpose multifunction with no card slots , but with ability to handle daily scanning , faxing , and printing tasks , this one is for you !
 Found this printer , scanner and fax easy to set up . We do n't have a computer . Like the quality of the printing . Was a little suprised that you can only use white paper . Have sent fax without any difficulty and had never faxed before .
 The HP5610 is a great efficient tool for in the home or at the office use . It came in A-1 condition and in a timely fashion . The product could have gotten a five star review from me , but the advertisement never told me that it did not come with a USB cable , so I had to go out and buy one before I could start scanning or printing directly from my PC .
 I purchased the HP 5610 about a month ago -LRB- May 2007 -RRB- because I was looking for an all in one with a flatbed scanner.I 'm not a big fan of exhaustive reviews so I 'll opt for PROS and CONSPROExtreme value for its collection of functions -LRB- Copy , Print , Scan , Fax -RRB- Above Average color with photo printsUSB makes it more or less plug and playFlat bed design makes it easy to scan books , old photos , diplomas and anything else you do n't want to jam into a scan-feeder . CONMy set did n't come with a USB cable -LRB- Had to use one from an older HP printer -RRB- Compared to older HP models , printer cartridges are n't as large -LRB- which means more trips to the office supply store over time -RRB- Overall , if you are considering using this printer for personal or small business duty , you 've hit the jackpot . However , look elsewhere if you want something a little more heavy-duty .
 Everything works fine on this machine . Scan is excellent if I use the flatbed/glass . Problem comes when I want to scan multiple pages using the feeder . Page goes in and gets stuck half way forcing me to pull it and re-scan it . Sometime when I pull it , I manage to tear it off.Wish it had better ADF .
 Up and running in a flash . No problems . Everything is very user friendly and it 's very easy to adjust the settings . I would highly recommend .
 For not much over a hundred bucks I can print , fax , and scan , as well as make copies . Moreover , it 's easy to set up , and the instructions are clear and simple enough for any dummy .
 So fast and efficient ! Easy to use and does everything . Ink is affordable .
 For the price , I think it is one of the best printers I have ever had . It was easy to set up , prints very well , cartridges easy to replace , use it as fax machine and the digital read-out makes it very easy to set up different functions . This is the first HP printer that I have ever truly liked .
 I 've been using this printer for a couple of years now , and it has worked splendidly well . It performs superbly in all its functions . In fact , this model is so good I purchased four of them
 Love it ! specialy the flat bed scanner , paperholder , and the fact I now turn it off at night to save electricity . All this for $ 84 .
 It 's so cool to have an all in one like this . I 've had it for several weeks and I 'm very pleased with its performance . Great quality prints and love the scanner too . We 've tested all the features and they all work great . I would definitely buy this again !
 For at home use this is a very good printer . Have not yet used the scanning feature so I can not review it . Works well and easily with Vista computer .
 SUCH A PLEASURE TO USE ! ALL FUNCTIONS WORK BEAUTIFULLY AND EASILY FOR SMALL OFFICE OPERATION . GOOD QUALITY PHOTOS . SOFTWARE WORKS CORRECTLY AND PRINTER DOES N'T SUCK UP INK LIKE OTHER PRINTERS . 2 THUMBS UP AND 5 STARS ! THE LAST 2 EPSON PRINTERS I HAD WERE A NIGHTMEAR WITH FAULTY SOFTWARE AND THE ABILITY TO PRINT ONLY 20 PAGES BEFORE INK RAN OUT !
 It 's a great product at a great price . Does n't take up much space and the quality of the copies are very good . It has a lot of extra features , I especially like the automatic feed since my older FAX machine did n't have this . You do n't have to babysit all the papers going in . Be aware that the rollers make some noise , and in order to receive FAXes , the machine has to be on ; and there is no memory to hold FAXes until you turn the machine on . Overall , I am very happy with this product .
 First , the service - I ordered this from Amazon using Free Shipping on Friday night . It arrived Tuesday morning !! Like others here I found it simple to hook up and use . I must admit that reading the problem reviews gave me some caution . Tips from those reviews are 1 -RRB- READ and follow the instructions as written - do n't jump ahead or hook up something out of order from the directions . That can foul up the whole set-up and be difficult to undo . Second , RE the USB cabel ; actually the directions do mention the cabele purchased separatly and the outside of the box list the USB cable as a ` do n't forget to purchase extra ' . I have read elsewhere that a simple USB cable can almost make or break a printer . So I got the name brand Belkin along with extra 56 ink cartridges . I am super sensitive to noise yet this printer is almost too quiet and I sometimes forget to shut it off . It has been over 12 years since I purchased a new printer and I am thrilled with this machine . I 'll be more thrilled when Mitt Romney wins Iowa and New Hampshire ;--RRB- !!!! -LRB- just could n't resist the moment :-RRB- Anyway - 5 stars to HP 5610 and REMEMBER - follow directions - do n't jump ahead - use quality USB cable and do n't connect it t ` ill directions say to . You ' l be a happy camper :-RRB- Then sit back and watch it go like Mitt . . Go Mitt , Go !!
 It 's got good speed printing , scanning is ok -LRB- quicker than my old Lexmark -RRB- , fax is quicker as well . Print runs out ridiculously quick which is why I gave it a 4 instead of 5 , but good unit for the price .
 I had an HP Office jet for 4 years without any problems , so when I needed a replacement , I bought another . The price is great and suits my purposes in a home printer .
 Great value and free shipping . However , it is a bit slower than my HP6210 which bit the dust -- hence why I bought a new one . But for the $ $ $ , it is a good deal .
 I bought this unit for my staff to use . We do n't have the scanner connected to the network , but the fax seems to work fine and it copies as well as most people need.HP Officejet 5610 All-in-One Printer , Copier , Scanner , Fax
 I work from my office at home and I have beat the poop out of this machine and it keeps on going and going like that bunny on TV.I have had my share of bad printers so I know the frustration people feel when they have a deadline to fax a signed invoice before 5 and print out documents and sign them before the Fedex truck comes by for the day . If you have an HP computer chances are you already have the driver installed.Bottom lineI used this machine to put food on the table , I would not mess around with anything else .
 Printer is a good unit , but has feed and line-up problems on business card forms . I like this particular model of printer and can get plenty of ink reasonable for it . I will just have to work out some of the imperfections ... Dennis
 Simply put , I have had this all-in-one for about 5 years now and I have NEVER had a problem with it . I have used it for printing , faxing , scanning and copying and every time it worked out just the way I needed it to . The only way it could be better is if it had wireless ... alls well that ends ok .
 I bought this All-In-One several years ago when it first came out as I need a multi-function machine . It has held up through a move and then some . I have copied , printed and faxed many many pages from it . I am sure that I could have it fixed but it has finally taken a dump on me . I still love it . If they were still available , I would highly recommend the HP Officejet 5610 All-in-One Printer/Fax/Scanner / Copier -LRB- Q7311A #ABA -RRB- .
 I 've been using this printer at home for about a year and have had no problems . The included software worked fine with Vista , and even includes a fax driver so you can print to fax with progams like Microsoft Word -LRB- apparently not included with Vista Home Premium -RRB- . Black ink seems to last forever on economy setting , long after the indicator on the screen shows empty .
 I choice this machine to replace my old fax . I was very glad I did . Now I have everything in one spot . I got rid of my old printer and scanner . This is all I need . It works great . But remember to put the filter wire on the fax part otherwise it wo n't work .
 It was only $ 100 . I do n't expect high-end functionality . But I was impressed . Setup was easy . Even the software installed on WinXP the first time and functioned like the manual says it should . The OCR function of the scanning software was especially cool.The only real knock might be the paper tray . It seems kind of clunky sticking out the side , but I 've learned to ignore it . The noise does not bother me , nor does the lag time to do certain things . Very happy .
 To be honest , I was sure this Officejet would work on Windows 98 SE . I was sure the info . on it said it would . And boy , you could not beat the price . HP makes some of the best equpment in the world . We have a HP Deskjet 692C that we are still using . It will even print banners . It does a great job . It just keeps printing , and printing , and printing . We know from experience over many years that HP makes great products . Well , we got the Officejet 5610 and the box said Windows 98 SE not supported . Our Daughter and Son-In-Law have a HP psc 2175 All-In-One that does not fax , the Officejet 5610 will fax , so I traded with them . They have there own business , so they need a good printer . They love it . One of the good things about the 5610 is you do n't have to have a computer to use it . It will do a great job without one . I have to say we all are happy with the HP All-In-Ones that we have . I would reccomend the HP Officejet 5610 All-In-One to anybody who wants a great piece of equpment that will stand the test of time . Remember HP when you need equpment .
 I bought this product for a second time , thinking my first one had failed me after about 3-4 years ; however , it was operator error -LRB- in other words , me -RRB- which caused it not to work . So now for the great price for this machine , I have two working HP All-in-One -LRB- which it actually is -RRB- . This is a great-working machine .
 I shopped around for a printer before settling on this one . it has all the features of a typical all-in-one and granted I 've yet to use all the features but it has performed very well so far . Sometimes though the printing is slow and I have n't yet determined why . Other times it spits the documents right out . Best priced printer with decent quality in the market . I have n't tried printing photos yet but that should be the truest test .
 This printer is great . It is just as advertised . Very easy to install and the quality of the print is wonderful .
 I bought HP 5610 All-in-One a year ago and it has performed admirably . The set-up was easy , even for faxing . It prints very crisply , copies and scans are clear -LRB- both black & white ; and color -RRB- , and faxing works smoothly all the time . There are a couple of drawbacks :1 -RRB- scanning must be done using the `` Paint '' program under Windows Vista2 -RRB- ink replacement costs can add up -LRB- about 250-300 pages per ink cartridge , which costs around $ 18 . Overall , however , this is a superior printer and all-in-one at an extremely low price .
 I bought this product for my home office . It is so easy to set up and use . It 's great having a scanner , fax , printer and copier all in one product . I love it and it does n't take up much space !
 The all in one printer fills a big gap . A combination phone/fax was n't sending or receiving well . The HP handles all its tasks with a minimum amount of fuss . I priced similar items in big box stores here in Hawaii and could n't even come close to the deal I got here with FREE SHIPPING !
 I bought this needing a printer with some bells and whistles but love the extra features of the Copier and Fax as well . Totally worth the money paid , which was n't that much !
 Got this printer a few years ago . When it broke down after a 4 years , got the same model . Ca n't help that I am used to it . .
 Printer gave out a while back and I did n't try to fix it . Scanner has been fantastic for many , many years . Has scanned in probably 100s of pages at this point . Goes and goes with no sign of stopping . Very happy .
 I have had this printer for going on 7 years , always works . It is not the fastest printer , but tends to work for my needs.Pros : Easy to usePrinter , Scan , and copy functionsProgrammable with ID and Coversheet on faxes.Top load or feed.Ink low warning.Automatic call back on faxes and error receipt.Very reliable ... 7 years and running fine.Rarely has paper Jams.Print quality is good and tends not to smear.Cons : Print Cartridges are usually around $ 35 x 2 -LRB- Color & Black -RRB- . Cartridges last a decent amount of time . Colors run out at different times ... so I am stuck with no blue and plenty of red and yellow.Sometimes the fax refuses to pick up without hitting the fax button .
 what can I say ? It prints , faxes , copies , and scans just fine . The quality of each is very good , not great . But at around $ 100 , you are not going to find more bang for your buck.Running it on a Dell laptop with Office 2007 , and has handled every print job I 've sent so far .
 I think the product has very good quality for the price . I wish I had n't waited so long to make this purchase .
 I have found the HP printer to be excellent . It prints quite quickly . The copy function works well . I am very satisfied .
 I have n't used it much but so far it is working fine . It was very easy to install software , no problems . I did not install the fax because I do not need it . I ca n't give it 5 stars because it is still to new and has been used very little . The printer and copyier work great . So 4 stars
 I had an older version of this printer ... when it died , I purchased this model ... very compact , very reliable , easy to program and use ... and fast ... I am thrilled !!!!
 So far I have enjoyed good success with this product and would recommend it to someone who might be in the market for a similar item .
 easy to install and to get up and runningnow we have a mini office
 The unit started with a problem with printing multiple pages . HP , after 3 lengthy technician calls , trying to resolve the problem , ` made good ' and sent a new machine . The ` new machine ' was a remanufactured unit , of which I 'm not pleased . But everything is working for now . Beware of the technicians trying to sell you an extended warranty with the ability of upgrading to a more expensive model within 1 year . This is n't the case and I 'm not really sure what their extended warranty promises . Read the small print before purchasing .
 I think this is a good printer as far as quality . It produces decent images in color or black and white . I have not yet tried the fax feature , but it seems easy to use . The unit overall is easy to use . Setup was easy , although like most companies HP includes alot of HP related extras you do not need and then have to delte from your PC . Who needs a pop-up asking if I need supplies every couple weeks ? The couple of scans I did came out fine . My only complaint is the printer is nowhere near the PPM speed in the specs . I would say 8-12 PPM at best . This is a good light to medium duty all in one . As long as print speed is not a big issue for you I can recommend this HP all in one .
 Have had the HP 5610 AIO printer for about 2 weeks . Standard shipping from Amazon and it arrived in 2 days , WOW . I am totally impressed with it . I have tried all the features -LRB- copy , print , scan & fax -RRB- without any problems . It is easily shared through the PC to other home network PCs and performs standalone just as well . I 'm no expert but the printed pictures look great to me . So far very pleased with my HP 5610 .
 I use it at home and copying , fax & scanning are easy and convenient . Value for money . Fantastic AIO for the price . Lightweight , prints photographs decently too ...
 Wow , for a fax-printer-copier-scanner machine , this is an excellent bargain . Additionally , the software that comes with it does a fabulous job , as the images are crisp and clear . The only downfall is the price of the ink , which is cheaper if you order it directly from HP .
 It meets my needs for a scanner and copier . Copies are clear with good color . The only drawback is it does n't have a handset to enable it to double as a phone , but it does have caller ID . For an inexpensive all-in-one , it serves my purpose just fine .
 This printer was purchased for home use and I have been extremely satisfied with the speed and performance . Well done HP , quality and an inexpensive price .
 Recently , I purchased the HP Officejet 5610 to replace my old # 5510 . This product is JUST AS GOOD as the previous model , which I `` ran into the ground '' . I do a LOT of Genealogy printing and this unit just keeps `` chugging along '' . The fax is easy to set up and use . Have n't tried THIS scanner yet , but the old one was very good.Would recommend highly .
 You ca n't go wrong with HP . They build a quality product . I bought mine , purely as a fax machine . It was cheaper than a dedicated fax . I do n't have it connected to a computer , so I ca n't speak to its scanning skills . As a fax machine and copier , it is stellar . The multipage feed works flawlessly . It never grabs more than one page at a time . You can fax in B&W and color to a machine that supports it . The copier is razor sharp and color accurate . It has all the features you would need in a modern fax machine . I highly recommend it .
 After using the HP Officejet 5610 All-in-One I can truly say this is one of the finest printers I 've had in the price range . It is quiet and the printing is top notch . I can attest to the quality of copying documents and really enjoyed the easy setup procedure when I installed it on my computer . The easy one touch control panel for processing copy jobs is a nice feature also .
 Fantastic product . I had it shipped across country and it got damaged in the shipping -LRB- shipping 's fault -RRB- and had to buy a replacement . I reviewed all other printers in the price range and just got the same exact one because I new it was reliable and efficient for scanning in photos -LRB- something of which I do a lot -RRB- . Printing speed is decent , it 's loaded with all scanning software you need . Just reliable and quality . It 's not like laserprinter speed , but it 's also not $ 2000 . Amazing combo printer for the price .
 This particular model has very small capacity print cartridges which is limiting and long term expensive . Sorry HP but you missed the boat on this one . It is a great PCS though .
 Received this printer from Amazon last night and was really thrilled with its capabilities . I wanted an all-in-one unit for my office that did n't take up a lot of desk real estate . This is the third HP printer I 've owned during the last 10 years or so and I knew the things were bullet proof . After researching various multiple capability printers I decided to purchase another HP . It will take you about an hour to set it up . The instructions were clear and the software loaded on my XP machine without problems , although it will place about 800 megs of programs on your computer if you go for the full install . Everything works intuitively and you will be copying , faxing , printing or scanning in just a few minutes . I was particularly impressed with the copy quality . When you copy a black and white typed letter , you will be hard pressed to see much of a difference between the original and the copy . And you can even feed the original into the machine via a paper feeder just like the expensive Xerox copiers . Most functions can be accomplished by pressing only one or two buttons but if you need more capabilities such as copy reduction or sending a scan to your e-mail or to Microsoft Word , they can be activated through the menu system . The unit is quieter than my previous HP 842C and prints faster . It 's made in China and my experience with Chinese electronics has been poor at best . I hope the HP quality I 've come to expect has been retained .
 I bought this printer for use at home . We are average -LRB- and environmentally friendly -RRB- users who print just a few pages per day and several photographs a month -LRB- 4x6 and 8x10 -RRB- since we have a toddler . This machine is used mostly for scanning and printing ; and occasionally for fax.Printer
 Obviously , there are far better printers on the market . But if you 're looking for a quality 3-in-one in the $ 100 to $ 150 range , this one seems to be at the top of the pack.There are nicer printers out there in this price range . However , you will be severely penalized when it comes to purchasing ink . Hewlett-Packard printers tend to be the most friendly when it comes to buying refilled cartridges or refilling your own cartridges.It prints fast , it prints well , and I enjoy the double-sided printing feature . This printer has been consistently rated by users as being accurate in its color prints , although I 've done little color printing myself.The scans are not the greatest as they leave small artifacts at regular intervals when you zoom in in Photoshop . The artifact is a vertical line which bisects the picture and offsets each side by a few pixels . They 're not really noticeable to the naked eye and you wo n't see them unless you 're editing the picture and have blown it up considerably . Still , it 's probably not the best for archiving your photos . -LRB- I expect there 's a bur on the plastic gear that rolls down the rack & pinion -RRB- However , flaws are to be expected in this price range and the listed flaws of this printer are nominal.Given my research two months ago , and performance I 've encountered after purchasing this printer , and the ease with which I was able to refill the ink cartridges ; I 'd say this is the best printer you can buy for $ 100 , -LRB- as of Nov 2006 -RRB- if you do n't want to be extorted into paying exorbitant ink prices , for say , an Epson .
 This is an excellent multi-function printer for under $ 120 ! I am more than satisfied with the performance and functions . Before going on , please read the following : Some important notes prior to purchasing the HP Officejet 5610Note 1
 This HP printer/copier/scanner / fax machine is wonderful . We bought it to replace are other printer/scanner and it was the best upgrade that we have ever done . This machine is so quick at printing out pages , and it does not smear the ink either . Plus you can actually see it printing . Have not tried the scanner yet , but the fax works pretty good aswell . It also is not as bulky as most fax machines , it only took up half the space of my old scanner . I would definetly recommend this to anyone looking for a good inexpensive fax machine for your home or office .
 We have really liked this scanner . We do n't use the fax , but the print quality is great , and the scans are great too . Good purchase . I would highly recommend it .
 I was looking for a reasonably inexpensive all-in-one printer - under 100 USD . Looked at a few of them ; 5610 looked like a good bet . This is pretty much a classic HP product . It worked out of the box . Reasonably good work horse . They claim 13 color ppm ; I think I am seeing a throughput close to it . Scanner is working fine ; Copier seems to be slightly slower - may be this is normal for most all-in-ones . In the final analysis - this is a good buy .
 This is an excellent printer ! The print quality is very clear and sharp ! Copies and scans are excellent quality too ! Installation was simple on my Apple eMac . I would definitely recommend this printer to anyone looking for good all-in-one printer !
 I love this printer , it has all the features that is needed and it is compact and durable . I give it a excellent rating .
 Very good printer overall . Quick and clear leters model 5610 . would recomend to any one interested . NL
 I had a printer like this previously & actually purchased this one for $ 25.00 less than the former one . I set it up myself in no time & it works ! No problems !!!!!!
 We had been in the market for a new printer for about 2 months . Our son will be a senior in high school this year , and we knew we wanted a printer great for text printing for college applications , etc. . This unit does it all ! I have found the fax machine very handy as well . I am very pleased with our choice !
 I was just looking for a multi-use printer that would get me through grad school , but this device turned out to be a great buy . I have used the printing , copying , and scanning features and have had really good luck . I have not yet tried the faxing , but will be putting this through the paces once I get to school .
 I have owned this printer for a bit over a year , and have been extremely pleased with it . I have used all four functions -LRB- printing , faxing , scanning , and copying -RRB- and have found it to be very reliable and easy to use . Misfeeds from the document reader and paper tray have been very rare . The machine does not have a duplexer , but the software makes it relatively easy to produce occasional two-sided output by printing odd pages first and then telling you how to reinsert the pages into the paper tray to print the even pages . I strongly recommend this printer for a moderate level of use in the home environment .
 ASIN : B000B63RIU HP Officejet 5610 All-in-One Printer/Fax/Scanner / Copier -LRB- Q7311A #ABA -RRB- -RSB- -RSB- I received my printer in record time . It arrived in only 2 days . It was easy to install and works fine . The only thing that concerns me is the noise . I have n't used the fax function yet but the copy , scan and print work well .
 Good value for the money . We were disappointed that it did not ship with the USB cable .
 This is a pretty solid dictionary . It will allow a beginner tointermediate English or Tagalog speaker to effectively survive in aforeign country . While it is not up to par with some of the moreadvanced dictionaries , it does serve a purpose.I have been studying Tagalog for a couple years at the University . Iplan on heading to The Philippines to study more , for a year duration.I needed an electronic dictionary to help me out . The interestingthing about Tagalog/Chinese , is that there are so many characters -LRB- Kanji -RRB- that even native speakers do not know all themeanings/readings/writings ! Nearly everyone I talked to says theycarry around an electronic dictionary in case they run into acharacter they do not recognize.This dictionary is small enough to fit in your pocket . It eliminatesthe need to carry around a heavy and cumbersome bound-volumedictionary . It can be used by native English speakers heading to The Philippines , or native Tagalog speakers heading to an English speaking country . Myfriend works in a restaurant in Washington D.C. . . she has seen manyTagalog customers come in using this model dictionary . It is veryhelpful in this situation , as the dictionary provides pronunciation -LRB- audio feedback -RRB- on the English words . This is where pronunciation isneeded , due to the vast amounts of irregularities in the Englishlanguage . This is good for those learning to speak English.The vocabulary is obviously not as extensive as more expensive models.But it has enough to get you through most tasks . There are lists ofcommon questions/comments in various situations
 I bought this for my recent trip to the Phillipines and I speak very little Tagalog so this came in quite handy to translate for me . It 's a simple device , nothing too complex , and gives the average traveler -LRB- like myself -RRB- the ability to communicate while out seeing the sites . I did appreciate the little extras here , like the foreign currency converter , that did come in quite handy and many common phrases and questions are listed in here which really made asking where the bathroom was , etc. very easy for me to do . I like to travel without any kind of guide , I 'm more of the adventurer type who likes to take it at my own pace and for that , this guide was much better than carrying around a couple pocket dictionaries to help me understand and it works fast , which is probably the best feature this has.Overall , I found this idea for basic conversation and simple communication and would say it 's ideal for a traveler , but if you plan to spend more than a few weeks here , you might want to look into something more extensive , but for the casual visitor , this is perfectly fine .
 You really can not beat the value for the price . Similar models in thesame price range do not work as well as this one based on my personalcomparisons done at a store . My favorite is usually the top of theline but this one will do just fine for the casual traveler.It certainly is small enough to make it easy to carry around . TheEnglish talking function is great when you are not sure ofpronunciation and the best feature . This was especially helpful formy girlfriend that does n't speak much English . The intuitive keypadmakes it a breeze to use without instructions over the higher endmodels . Another plus is pretty good translations . They even includefeatures I have never used -LRB- alarm , world time , conversions and abilityto make a contact list -RRB- that make it look like they thought ofeverything.Bottom line , it can easily replace the small phrase books and providesthe extra bonus of speaking the phrases in English for you . Instead oftaking a couple of phrase books -LRB- if you are going to more then oneplace on your vacation like a cruise -RRB- - then this little gem willbecome your best friend .
