 I was really happy to find out that I was still able to purchase Boone dry erase markers from Amazon . They are no longer sold in the local stores and I find that I like them much better than the Expo markers because of the `` medium '' or `` bullet '' point option that was offered . Expo does not offer this option . Delivery was fast and efficient . Thanks Amazon !
 Ever since some of my important family documents left their ink on the inside of plastic sheet protectors , I have been very careful how I store my papers . This product is inert - it will not contribute to the acidification or breakdown of acidic paper products . The antimicrobial properties will also act as a buffer for mildew or mold should you have stored your treasures in a damp or wet environment such as a cellar or garage.I suggest storing important family documents in these sleeves encased in a three - ring binder and stored in an archival box.I consider this product to be essential to the family historian and genealogist.Please note
 My boss had us using cheap USB barcode scanner for years . It was so inconvenient that I finally decided to get one on my own . There are not many cordless scanners on the market and they are ALL very expensive ! The cheapest one I found was datalogic around $ 250 for the scanner + $ 80 for the charger.This Wasp scanner kit is a little more expensive but after using it I think it is well worth the higher premium because :1 -RRB- This kit includes everything you need
 We use our white boards every day . Tired of markers that run out of ink , or worse yet , squeak . These liquid-ink markers are made by Pentel , who apparently sell them only through Panasonic for use with their Panaboards . They are worth a premium price but was nice to find them priced more reasonably than through the retail dealers .
 Fast shipment and fast response.The item is good as described.Good item and reasonable price . It is preferable if there are other color available .
 This business card holder is perfect for anyone graduating with a degree in architecture or engineering . If you are giving this as a gift , I advise not touching it too much as it collects finger prints very easily.It holds a fair amount of standard 3.5 '' x 2 '' business cards . The top of the case has a clear coating , so you do n't have to worry too much about scratching the white dimensions off . The back of the case is silver , like the latch you see on the front in the picture.I really like the case . It 's a fun design that becomes a conversation piece when I give out business cards .
 This was a great gift for my Dad . He works in construction admin . and needed a new business card holder . I received it in a timely manner . The business card holder is sturdy and seems durable .
 I am a college student and needed a larger binder for all of my PowerPoint slides . The binder is very durable and are hard to find locally .
 This 4 '' folder was purchased due to an online course that required a lot of printed material . The pages are easy to turn because the gap free rings do n't separate like the cheaper folders . The One Touch mechanism lets you easily open and close the rings . The folder is completely full and has been very durable . If I needed another 4 '' folder , this is the one I would purchase .
 I am using this to organize all the pages I rip out of magazines . I am a new Mom to two babies under two ! I subscribe to Family Circle and there are so many arts and crafts that look awesome but my babies are n't ready for them yet . I also purchased some sheet protectors . The plan is to take the pages , place them in protectors and then into this binder . That way when they are ready everything is in one place and organized . Call it a Rainy Day Book . It 's a great size and exactly what I was looking for . And it was cheaper on Amazon than in the store !
 For the price , this item is very good !! . I think I will buy more in the futureI totally recommend it !
 I bought this binder to hold a 700 + page anatomy book that was published unbound , and it probably could have held at least two books that size . It 's huge . The pockets , D-rings , and opening mechanism are all top quality.When measuring how much space you 'll need for this binder in your bookshelf , backpack , etc. , remember that the rings themselves are four inches , so the binder is even wider , close to five inches . The side of the binder with the rings will non-negotiably need that much room .
 First of all let me say , I ordered two of these binders on Wednesday January 14 , 2008 , on Thursday , January 15 , 2008 , they were at my door ... WOW THANKS ! They are 4 '' binders , are sturdy , have three huge `` D '' rings , and an easy to use latch to open it . They have two pockets on the front and back inside covers and three places where you can display the contents of the binder -LRB- the front , rear and the spine -RRB- . I purchased these binders to put study material in , includind page dividers . With a lot of binders , the page divider tabs would stick out , not with these . I usally need two binders , not this time one will definitely be enough ... They are Huge !
 I was looking for a big binder and I found it . Maybe I was even looking for a bigger binder .
 I keep all of my equipment manuals and owners ' guides in these , and needed to add a volume . The others were bought in 2005 , so I was worried that I might not be able to get the same durable quality . I worried needlessly . These are up to the usual Avery standards .
 Avery is a product well known in office products because of its quality . With the `` clear view '' front , back , and spine you can insert your picture and information so you know at a glance what you are looking for.I use these binders for numerous things ; I keep my clear/rubber stamps in them , keep my craft magazine subscriptions in them , also for stencils and project ideas , and I use them to hold my genealogy information . They are a little $ $ but well worth the money .
 The product was shipped fast , and it was brand new . The binder is good for any business person or someone who enjoys writing and has a lot of papers . I would purchase more of these is necessary .
 these worked great for organizing my embroidery threads . solid 3 ring binder . would recommend to all . great seller . shipping was great .
 Well , a binder is a pretty standard item . I like this one . I love the one-tab open feature - makes reference easy . If you need a 4 &#34; binder , get it !
 I got this for my 800 + page unbound textbook , and it could easily hold at least 300 pages more . The only problem with it is , because of the size , you can not put it into a backpack with room for anything else . I ended up having to get a smaller 2-inch binder and put a few chapters at a time in it for easier transportation .
 I might not want to nap on it myself , but my 2 year old loves it . Good quality and a fair price .
 Perfect sized for a toddler , and prob up to a kindergardner . Our daughter is starting Pre-K and it is perfect for what we needed . Being the middle of the school year , these are hard to find in stores . Since she needed it right away , I was very pleased with the two day shipping .
 I love the art of Mary Engelbreit . It 's bright and colorful and will add interest to any decor scheme , either in the home or classroom . Pictures of this size would be much more expensive in any other format , but because they are designed for a bulletin board set in a classroom , the whole set is only about $ 12.99 ! Well worth it for teachers and decorators alike !
 I bought this binder to hold a 700 + page anatomy book that was published unbound , and it probably could have held at least two books that size . It 's huge . The pockets , D-rings , and opening mechanism are all top quality.When measuring how much space you 'll need for this binder in your bookshelf , backpack , etc. , remember that the rings themselves are four inches , so the binder is even wider , close to five inches . The side of the binder with the rings will non-negotiably need that much room .
 First of all let me say , I ordered two of these binders on Wednesday January 14 , 2008 , on Thursday , January 15 , 2008 , they were at my door ... WOW THANKS ! They are 4 '' binders , are sturdy , have three huge `` D '' rings , and an easy to use latch to open it . They have two pockets on the front and back inside covers and three places where you can display the contents of the binder -LRB- the front , rear and the spine -RRB- . I purchased these binders to put study material in , includind page dividers . With a lot of binders , the page divider tabs would stick out , not with these . I usally need two binders , not this time one will definitely be enough ... They are Huge !
 I was looking for a big binder and I found it . Maybe I was even looking for a bigger binder .
 I keep all of my equipment manuals and owners ' guides in these , and needed to add a volume . The others were bought in 2005 , so I was worried that I might not be able to get the same durable quality . I worried needlessly . These are up to the usual Avery standards .
 Avery is a product well known in office products because of its quality . With the `` clear view '' front , back , and spine you can insert your picture and information so you know at a glance what you are looking for.I use these binders for numerous things ; I keep my clear/rubber stamps in them , keep my craft magazine subscriptions in them , also for stencils and project ideas , and I use them to hold my genealogy information . They are a little $ $ but well worth the money .
 The product was shipped fast , and it was brand new . The binder is good for any business person or someone who enjoys writing and has a lot of papers . I would purchase more of these is necessary .
 these worked great for organizing my embroidery threads . solid 3 ring binder . would recommend to all . great seller . shipping was great .
 Well , a binder is a pretty standard item . I like this one . I love the one-tab open feature - makes reference easy . If you need a 4 &#34; binder , get it !
 I got this for my 800 + page unbound textbook , and it could easily hold at least 300 pages more . The only problem with it is , because of the size , you can not put it into a backpack with room for anything else . I ended up having to get a smaller 2-inch binder and put a few chapters at a time in it for easier transportation .
 I am a college student and needed a larger binder for all of my PowerPoint slides . The binder is very durable and are hard to find locally .
 This 4 '' folder was purchased due to an online course that required a lot of printed material . The pages are easy to turn because the gap free rings do n't separate like the cheaper folders . The One Touch mechanism lets you easily open and close the rings . The folder is completely full and has been very durable . If I needed another 4 '' folder , this is the one I would purchase .
 I am using this to organize all the pages I rip out of magazines . I am a new Mom to two babies under two ! I subscribe to Family Circle and there are so many arts and crafts that look awesome but my babies are n't ready for them yet . I also purchased some sheet protectors . The plan is to take the pages , place them in protectors and then into this binder . That way when they are ready everything is in one place and organized . Call it a Rainy Day Book . It 's a great size and exactly what I was looking for . And it was cheaper on Amazon than in the store !
 For the price , this item is very good !! . I think I will buy more in the futureI totally recommend it !
 Este mouse pad es excelente buen tama & ntilde ; o el mouse se desliza muy bien producto recomendado ...
 This product came highly recommended . I 'm still getting used to the triangular grip , but at least it does n't roll away from me easily ! Great writing weight . Ink seems to stop or ball does n't roll correctly every now and then , leaving blank spaces . I 'm told this will decrease with use . Overall , a great product !
 This one was recommended to me and I 'm very happy I purchased it ! You can see us using it at -LSB- ... -RSB- I use it with my 2.5 year old son to do number/size/letter sequencing . We 'll be doing patterns and so forth . It 's at a great angle and seems very durable . The letters and pictures that come with the chart are a terrific bonus . I 've been doing beginning letter sounds with my son and so much more with these tiles . Very well worth the investment . The only thing I would improve is the base of the chart so that it lays perfectly flat on the table - seems it would improve the stability a bit more . However , the chart has been stable for our work , so it does n't seem to interfere .
 It is a birthday present for my granddaughter and has not been opened yet . It appears to be as promised and both girls will benefit from it .
 I always use a mouse with the laptop and was always trying to find something to put the mouse on ... this solved that problem . Works great !
 I have been looking for a decent lap desk for some time . I have a Toshiba L675 , which is 17 inches wide . All the lap desks I had been interested in before especially the ` cooling ' kind just were not large enough to accompany both my laptop and my cordless mouse . The desk itself is made with thinsulate to help keep your lap cool , and is at a perfect height . The mouse attachment makes an excellent mouse pad and comes with a foam edging -LRB- which you place yourself -RRB- that keeps the mouse from sliding off if you move.As far as keeping my laptop cool , so far so good .
 The Lapinator Plus does every thing I wanted it to do with a 17 inch screen laptop . I have no issues with the product itself . The one thing I do n't like is the stupid name stenciled on the mouse pad .
 This has been wonderful , it is comfortable , controls the heat and it 's light and well made for what I am using it for . I used to have to worry about my computer overheating but this has solved that . I used to be uncomfortable with the heat on my legs but not anymore . The mouse add on works well but I find that I do n't use it when on the couch because because it gets in the way . It would work fine if I had more space .
 Product is light weight , comfortable , and works well to provide a level working surface on your lap while allowing the laptop to get sufficient air flow .
 I purchased two Lapinator 's plus , and two Mousitizer 's for my wife and I . These were shipped to New Zealand and arrived within a week.We both have Alienware 15.4 ' laptops that are quite heavy and get a little warm :-RRB- -LRB- hot -RRB- . I am always in shorts and we have both found them excellent.We like the way it protects our legs from the heat and the soft padding on the underside of them . Also we like that they are strong and can easily take the weight of our laptop 's when we move then from our lap to a table etc.As to the ` mousitizer ' we think they should be wider , that is from front to back , not wider , as out from the Lapinator . We both find/found that the mouse was a bit to far away for comfortable use . But as a add on to the Lapinator , it works well .
 I 've had the Lapinator Plus for about two weeks now . I ordered it after I could not find absolutely any lap boards / cooling pads for a 17 '' laptop that had an attached mouse pad.I have a 17 '' gaming laptop , which I primarily use for playing gaming from the couch . This pad significantly blocks my lap from the excess heat of the laptop , and allows me to use a wireless 5 button mouse as well.Pros - Perfect size , not too big , not too small for a 17 '' widescreen laptop . - Helps insulate lap from heatCons - Mousepad might be a little small for most people -LRB- its fine for me since sensitivity on my mouse is high , I do n't have to move the mouse very much -RRB- - I wish there was someway to `` snap '' or velcro the mousepad into place , it just slides onto the main pad , and every 10 minutes of gaming I end up pushing it back on as it starts to slide off .
 This is a fantastic product - the best lap desk out there ! The product is exactly as described and does a phenomenal job of insulating from the heat . I liked the Lapinator so much that I purchased several - one for each of the laptops around my home . If you 're looking for a lap desk , look no further - the Lapinator is awesome ! As an added benefit , their customer service is fabulous - highly responsive !!
 Works as described for 17 '' laptops . I felt no heat pass through . I bought this because it detachable mouse pad works on either side . A little pricey .
 This thing works . It 's that simple . I have 2 different 17in . laptops . One is AMD based , the other Intel based . Both get rather warm . This thing all but eliminates that issue . It does n't have a built in cooler , but my wife and I have still managed to work for several hours using it without getting uncomfortable.The mousitizer is the icing on the cake . My wife loves it as it 's super convenient . I like it because I can switch sides depending on my mood -LRB- sometimes I mouse left hand , sometimes right hand -RRB- . It 's stable and holds up to my abuse.Finally , something that does EXACTLY what it advertises .
 I got this so that I would have a comfortable way to use my 18.4 inch HP laptop . Frankly , given that I have such a large laptop I was uncertain that this laptop desk was going to do the trick . In general accessories for laptops larger than 17 inches are not in great abundance . For instance , there is only one carrying case -- one made by Targus -- that I have been able to find that would accommodate it . Based on the stated dimensions of this product I assumed that it would be wide enough even for the large HP laptop . It was . The fit is tight , but not too tight . The detachable mouse pad gives me just enough room for my mouse . All in all it is quite comfortable to use.I honestly see absolutely nothing intrinsically wrong with this product . A couple of reviewers commented on the damage to the lapdesk surface by excessive laptop heat . Even after several hours use I am able to touch the surface and it is at most warm . I suspect the fault lies not with the lapdesk surface , but that some laptops simply run too hot . If you have a laptop that runs excessively warm , it might be a good idea to use a heat dispersal pad on top of the lapdesk -LRB- I just refuse to use the brand name because , frankly , it is pretty unpalatable -RRB- . I found that the lapdesk did a great job of keeping my lap cool and comfortable . I simply had no problems of any kind using it.The only thing I can add is that it is so wide that some people might not be able to use it in specific armchairs . But the flaws that some reviewers noted simply did not exist for me . And I certainly do n't see it as a problem with the product that some laptops expend too much heat . That is not a flaw in the lapdesk , but in the laptop . It is n't a reason not to get this product , but a reason not to get a particular brand of computer -LRB- if only the brand had been stated -RRB- . I 'm very happy with the lapdesk , even if it has a spectacularly silly name .
 I bought the Lapinator with the mousepad based on other reviews here , and am very pleased with it . The mousepad has optional self-adhesive edgings that keep the mouse from slipping off . This makes it possible to tilt the whole assembly with no problem.Service from the retailer was prompt .
 I bought two Lapinator Plus portable desks . I use one for a small laptop computer and it has room for using the mouse . I bought another for our large laptop and a mousitizer for the mouse . The Lapinator does relieve all heat and even the weight of extended use of the laptops on our laps . I just love it and would recommend it to any and all laptop users .
 I work a lot from home , and the Lapinator Plus has been a great blessing !! It is extremely light and helps insulate the heat from my laptop ! Anyone who has ever had a Dell laptop will understand why I consider the Lapinator a LIFESAVER !! ... The amount of heat generated from a Dell Laptop can practically burn the skin on your lap when used for an extended period of time . The Mousitizer helps provide a level surface to use an external mouse with comfort while sitting on the couch with the laptop on your lap . I agree with others that the price is certainly on the high end of the spectrum , but hey ... the novelty of such a simple solution is worth every penny !
 The Lapinator Plus with Mousitizer Mouse Pad is the perfect product . It is elegantly simple , it does everything it promises , and you will wonder how you ever got along without it.I love mine , and I highly recommend it .
 I use this every day and it amazes me how much it blocks the heat when I travel and leave it at home . The attached mouse pad is great except for my optical mouse which has issues with the slight shine on it . A good product .
 I use this for my using my laptop on the couch or keyboard/mouse with my home theater system and it works perfectly .
 I bought this to double as a 15.6 laptop stand , and as a wireless keyboard / mouse tray . It works very well for both applications . It would easily accommodate a 17 '' laptop . It 's simple , light and comfortable , and has a nice surface . My laptop does n't run real hot so I was n't looking for something with fans and plugs . The optional mouse tray is a plus while you 're sitting in bed , etc. . My only complaint about this product is the price , otherwise I would give it 5 stars .
 The comfort , the ease of use , and finally , a protective surface for my tender lap that was being burned off by the heat of laptop ! Lapinator to the rescue!I 'll be honest , this is n't my first lapinator . I have bought two before and used them for meetings . When I got a new house , I had to have one for here too , so I got the ultimate ! With a mouse holder ! Way cool and good for either righties or lefties ! : -RRB- I 've tried them all , every product to protect my privates , and this is the only one I 'll trust my tender thighs to !
 I bought this to hold my computer on my lap while sitting in my chair . It keeps my computer nice and cool and is very sturdy . I have found it to be perfect to hold my Kindle Fire when I am watching a movie . You must have the cover for your Kindle to hold it up . It 's a good buy for the price .
 We use this all the time . We like that it has the detachable mouse pad that can go on either side .
 The name is cutesy or quirky but it is perfect and keeps my legs cool . The mouse pad is easily to remove . I have used this for a writing lap desk also .
 This is so easy to use and keeps your laptop from overheating.I used this while I was laid up from knee surgery and it was great to be able to keep my leg up while continuing to work from home . Love it !
 I hate using the touch pad on my laptop , so I use a wireless mouse . Fine when I 'm at a table , but was a problem if I wanted to actually use the laptop on my lap . This product is fantastic , because it both lets me use a mouse and keeps my laptop from overheating . I like that I can remove the mouse pad part to store it , when traveling , or when I do n't want to use the mouse . I 've had the product for over an year now and it has n't broken , which is impressive considering I 'm fairly rough on my possessions . I use the lapboard with mouse pad attachment nearly every day . My biggest fear was that I 'd accidentally snap off the mouse pad attachment , but so far it 's held up great to my abuse . The only -LRB- very mild -RRB- issue with the product is the size . It 's pretty wide , wider than I truly needed for my laptop . If I try to use my laptop while sitting in my recliner , the lapboard with mouse pad attached is wider than the space between the arms of the recliner , so it kind of rests on the arms and levitates above my lap .
 It really works ! This is my second one . I have the smaller one at my boyfriend 's place . My laptop gets hot since it is a 12 '' with a touchscreen . And I can really tell the difference . I give it 4 stars because it is n't the most comfortable for a lap but it is n't uncomfortable . I would really give it 4.5 . And the mouse piece is great . Do n't need it with the plus and small laptops but definitely need it for the smaller lapinator . JustMake sure you put the border on or the mouse slides off . The border foam is included . I bought two so I do love this product . It may have a silly name but it definitely works !
 This was the perfect solution for my Dell 17 inch laptop . It is light weight and well made . I was skeptical at first but after using for several months now I would highly recommend . The mousesitizer works great . Put the included trim around the perimeter of the pad and your mouse will not slide off .
 I got my wife one of these 2-3 years ago but I always used my laptop on a desk until recently . If I had paid attention to her use of the Lapinator with Mousitizer , I would have gotten one a long time ago . The lap table has space for my 17 '' laptop and a clip-on USB LED light . The Mousitizer is what makes this combo work so well . The table itself insulates from the heat , and the Mousitizer fits snuggly to the table . I think the optional rubber bumper border is a must to block your wireless mouse from falling off at the slightest tilt of the table . I tried another laptop table brand that folds for travel , but at home I do n't use anything but the Lapinator .
 No high-tech stuff here . Just a lightweight surface to put your laptop in you , er , lap . Does not get hot , keeps the laptop nice and cool .
 &#2951; Fuzzy Wuzzy 's Summary : &#1150; &#1150; &#1150; &#1150; Recommended with warm fuzzies.I have been using this Lapinator Plus ! for almost four years now . Since then , I have acquired two more laptop pads/stands equipped with cooling fans , but they are sized for my 15-inch and smaller laptops . My original requirements consisted of three needs when using my 17-inch laptop on my lap
 I ordered this strictly as a keyboard and mouse holder for my family room computer . I wanted to be able to game and browse comfortably from my couch . This works Perfectly . Allows my keyboard and mouse to stay securely in place even while moving . I would recommend this for anyone who is looking for a similar solution .
 I bought the lapinator and Mousitizer after a lot of searching -LRB- and a few failed home builds -RRB- so I could comfortably watch movies , play games etc on my bed in Iraq . I was n't expecting much but when the Lapinator finally arrived it became a must have for several people in my living area . It was light weight and the non-skid feet would allow you to prop the computer up a little without worrying about it falling over . Even after a marathon session of gaming on an off day my legs we 're hot from the laptop and the feet allow a good bit of air flow to go under the computer so even my computer was cooler than expected . ! My only complaint is the mouse part is rather flimsy and putting a lot of pressure can cause it to fall off and just using it causes it to slant downward .4 / 5
 I 'm temporarily disabled -LRB- broken ankle -RRB- and I needed a way to stay connected with my foot propped up . I 've got a 17 '' gaming laptop and could n't find anything locally , so Amazon to the rescue ! What drew me to this board was the mouse pad AND the `` Block the Heat ! '' claims . I can attest - my gaming laptop is like a space heater when I 'm playing something graphic-intense , but the heat stays off my lap . The mouse pad is a nice addition , and it lets me game comfortably .
 Works very well and is quite convenient . The only bad thing I can say is that the name is cheesy and spelled very prominently across the mouse pad . The pro 's are that it makes working on the couch very comfortable . The only improvement I would make is to add a cup holder . Just kidding . That would probably be a terrible idea .
 Nearly perfect . Keeps my laptop cool , keeps my lap cool , and the mouse pad was an excellent addition . The mouse stays put , so long as you do , and I can balance the entire weight of my arm on the mouse pad without it budging . Initially , you 'll be tempted to , but you do n't need to treat either surface with kid gloves ... My only con is the product 's name ... more specifically the mouse pad 's name ; `` Mousitizer '' . Was it really necessary to paint it across the mouse pad in huge white letters ? We 're not all gamers on their way to a LAN party . Yes - I knew about it ahead of time , but I really did n't think it would bother me that much until I was surrounded by people on the train today . Oh well .
 The pen was shipped promptly . This is the classic Montblanc pen that everyone raves about . It is Black in color with Golden Trim . It holds it 's own and I am thankful to my parents to gift this to me as a Graduation Present . Someday I plan on buying more of these pens from Amazon.The vendors at Amazon are amazing . I have been a long time shopper at Amazon , mostly pens and electronics . However this pen was gifted to me by my mom and she has nothing but good things to say . I on my part love this pen .
 It took 20 days to get this `` Rolodex Faux Leather Business Card Book '' delivered to me . Surprisingly , according to the tracking , after the package arrived in my city , Fedex sent the package to USPS . Fedex delivered many things to my address before . Why did n't Fedex directly deliver the package this time ? It is the weird deliver route ever and the longest shipping time ever since I started ordering things online.The reason that I want to buy this book is that I got so many plastic cards , such as bank , travel ... cards , over the years . The problem is some older cards are little bigger than the current regular size cards . I went to local stores but none of the books there can hold bigger size plastic cards . I tried to use sport card holders but the pockets are too wide . The cards are too easy to slide and fall out . I saw this book online with some pockets on the left hand side . By visualizing , those left pockets seem wider than the normal business cards . And this book has the zipper . I do n't need to worry about anything fall out the book.Now I have the book . It is much better than what I expected . Every regular pocket is little wider than the business cards . All my plastic cards , even the bigger ones , can stay in very nicely . If you deliberately shake the single regular size plastic card , the half of the card will slide out , but it will be stopped by the center line . The other half of the card still stay in the pocked and will not fall out . For the normal business cards , since most of them are paper type material and not slippery , even you shake the book brutally , they are not falling out . Since the pockets are slightly wider , every card is very easy to be put in and taken out . Even better , the book is longer than a passport . Because my book is not full right now , I can put 3 passports into one side pockets . Left hand side pockets are little stretcher , I can put some paper there . This book is excellent and beyond my anticipation . The design is outstanding and the workmanship is superb.The dimension of the book is right . Comparing to the card books I saw at local stores , the price is reasonable . There is a note pad came with it . Overall , I am very happy with the book . This is a very easy to use organizer , worry free with the zipper and give you a peace of mind . Believe me , this is the best review and highest rating that I have ever given to a product .
 Great sign for teachers . They are large and were sent very fast . They were not bent or damaged in shipment .
 Artsy and sturdy Mary Engelbreit Banner with an inspiring message . Darling graphics in brilliant colors . I enjoy having it displayed on the wall in my sewing room .
 These pens last for years , because you can pump ink when the nib runs dry.PLEASE PENTEL , bring these back . Sales may not have been good because of weak marketing , not because of a weak product . The product is superior to any others on the market , past or present .
 When I began law school , I tried several different kinds of highlighters . I ran across these and bought a box of just the purple ones because it is a rare color to find . Then , I discovered that when I print articles on my home printer , other highlighters bleed with the ink . However , these highlighters do not . As far as lasting , they have lasted just as long as any other highlighter I have had . I would recommend using these if you are looking for a great highlighter !
 What can you say about highlighters ... . they work . i use these to mark my calendar to run a line through the dates when dogs are boarding with us . So this set is for the calendar in the kitchen . I 'm set !
 I highlight my notes a lot -LRB- and I have a lot of notes -RRB- , and these lasted me over a year . I feel that 's pretty good for a standard highlighter . The colors are nice
 I bought this at christmas time and i love it . i 've yet to have a problem with it . i use staples brand computer paper and do n't have a problem with it . the quality pictures it prints are excellent and fast . the only complaint i would have is that there is no tray to catch the papers that just printed out so they just basically fall down all over the place . i love the wireless connection to it . i have a laptop so i 'm not always in the same place , but now i can sit in my bedroom and print something out and not have to fiddle with cords and such to connect it . i recommend this .
 Hp has released a peper feed cleaning kit . The kit will solve all of the paper feed problems seen on the 2575 AIO . All you have to do is call their support line and they will send you the kit for free .
 I have just finished printing 10 photos I took at an art museum earlier today , and I can not be more pleased . My photos are sharp and the color is right on . I used HP Premium Photo Paper in the printer , and the prints look great . -LRB- I 'm not crazy about the perforated tab on the paper , but this is a review for the printer , so ... -RRB- . I have also used the scanning and copying features on this printer and it is so easy ! There are very specific buttons that say `` Start Copy Black '' and `` Start Copy Color '' as well as `` Start Scan '' . How much easier can it get ? The included Image Zone software is also great . I was able to remove red eyes from photos easily , as well as crop/resize photos quickly . The instant share feature is pretty cool , you just have to make sure that you have all of your photos selected prior to starting your e-mail . -LRB- I 'm used to inserting files after addressing a message , so it takes a little getting used to . -RRB- In terms of other reviewers mentioning white spots on photos and paper jams , I 'm happy to say that has not been an issue for me . I 'm happily printing away over here , enjoying the instant gratification of excellent photos !
 I scanned some photos and they looked good , ca n't really complain.But the big thing for me was the JetDirect card in the back . I have used and returned those print servers from Linksys , Netgear , etc with no luck . -LRB- A lot of them have ones they work with , ones they do n't -RRB- . I use IP Printing at work , so I knew how to set-up a printer from the computers around the house with TCP/IP Port and once I did this thing was awesome.Now I can be in the basement on the laptop and hit print and its upstairs ready.I have n't run into the paper catching issue . We printed our wedding programs on this printer and in a short month it 's already seen a thousand sheets with no trouble.For anyone wanting to print on their home network reliably and easily should check this
 I am a full time student , and I print off drafts of written work and photos everyday ! This printer is terrific , and I see a plethora of bad reviews that seem a bit suspicious of user error . I suggest reading the instructions and learning about your printer . The more you know the less things will come up , and when they do , they are often easy fixes . Try not to rely on customer support for your products when you have the power in your instruction pamphlet . I would hate to see this printer get such a bad wrap that is unsupported by the product itself and merely due to a time deficiency in the busy schedules of new users . I have had this printer since the day it came on the market , perhaps 8 months now . It has provided me with the highest quality prints and docs of all my printers to date , and as an student , a quality printer is extremely important . I suggest a reconsideration for those who have one , and I highly reccomend it for those who are looking .
 I bought this printer in October of 2005 . At the time I was demonstrating and selling cameras , computers and peripherals in Best Buy . I had an opportunity to compare its performance with every other printer in the store . It was pricey and did n't have all of the features I could have used but it was the best printer for the money and the cost-per-page beat every other home/office machine in the store.Six years later , I still use this machine exclusively and I 'm very pleased with it as a copier , scanner , and photo printer . Excellent photos even if you do n't buy the photo cartridge . Better than excellent if you do.Four months ago , I got a Carriage Jam message and thought I was going to be in the market for a new printer . But I gave it a thorough cleaning with several alcohol pads and I 've not had anything out of it since except good work.My wife used it for her business printing needs -LRB- whatever you can imagine and many multiples of it -RRB- for about three years . I use it for my work and I also use it to print out bulletins and supplemental song sheets for our church 's small congregation . Does it occasionally grab two pieces of paper instead of one ? Yes , occasionally it does and life goes on.Here 's a few tips for anybody using any printer
 I had the same problem everybody else had , the paper stopped feeding . I kind of wanted to bash this thing against the wall but it was SO simple to fix . Take that little back piece off and also take the spool thingy off or whatever that long thing with the wheels is -- Wash your hands or not and then bring a cup of water -- wet your finger and then put it into the back and clean the rubber wheel inside the printer/scanner , -LRB- on the floor of it where the paper feeds through -RRB- clean all the way around the rubber wheel -- That 's it !!! I did n't think it 'd be that easy . Anyways , if you get the settings right and if you have a pretty nice color-accurate monitor , this thing prints some very nice pictures . I do n't get very good results with generic paper so I 'd go with anything HP and then make sure you have that paper selected in the printer properties . Otherwise the driver has to guess what kind of paper you have and it 'll probably look either faded or over saturated . It took me a while to get the settings just right but it was worth it . Good Luck . I gave it 5 stars because it was so easy to clean and the pictures can look pretty amazing if you put enough time into each one . An hour ago I probably would have given it 1 star but it 's a really good printer/scanner . It 's not HP 's fault we have dusty houses and end up putting dusty paper into their machine , right ? ----- Also , there is an option in the printer menu that allows you to clean your ink cartridges -- you might consider doing that if you 're seeing lines in your prints .
 I 'm a college student and use this printer on a pretty regular basis . I 've had this printer for about a year and have NEVER had any problems with the paper feed . Maybe it just depends on where they manufactured your printer . Everything I 've printed , from Word documents to skydiving pics , has turned out great . I print out all my photos on store brand glossy photo paper -LRB- much cheaper -RRB- and they look fantastic.Pros
 Would n't take paper , right out of the box . Back to Best Buy , exchanged , no problems now . Nice photo prints on 4 '' x 6 '' . But Best Buy does n't carry this printer anymore ... guess the word got out . Hope it lasts longer than my last HP printer -LRB- about 2 years -RRB- , that one was a much cheaper model and worked accordingly . I 'd never buy another HP laptop like this Omnibook XE2 , takes a full 15 minutes to boot up .
 I first spent two hours attempting to intall the software for this printer from the intallation CD , getting a different error each time . Then , I decided to go to the HP website . I went to the HP Photosmart 2575 page , Software and Drivers , and downloaded and intalled the basic driver in 10 minutes - without a single error . Now the printer is working great !
 I really like this all-in-one . It 's the first one I 've owned . I shied away from them before because so many people said that they had `` little '' problems with theirs , and then , of course , when the machine had to be fixed , all three functions were gone . But when the price of this HP came down so far , I decided to bite . I have n't had the same problems as others -LRB- paper jams , long reboots -RRB- , but did have to return the machine because it was scanning and copying with a 1 '' stripe down the middle of the page . The online HP Help section said that this results from the power cord being plugged into a strip rather than the wall , OR , from the copy glass being dirty . Neither was true for me . HP sent me another one immediately , and I hope that I have better luck with this one . I really like the HP name , but it 's been sullied a bit by these small nagging problems .
 I think , and I may be wrong here , that the people doing the complaining about the paper jams are using cheap , crappy paper . In the manual , they clearly say that you should use normal stock inkjet paper or you 'll get paper jams . I use HP 's Bright White Inkjet paper -LRB- I have for years -RRB- and it seems to be working fine . I 've only had it for a few days so the jury 's still out but I 'll bet that 's what the problem is.As for the printer/scanner/photo printer this thing is great ! I require better-than-average devices for my work and this `` All-In-One '' does the trick . It 's never going to be as good as individual components that specifically do only those tasks but it 's much better than I had hoped it would be . The photos look great and the scanner gives me really crisp scans.Overall , a solid offering from HP .
 Hp printers used to be good now there getting worse we had 1 2575 that the scanner pooped out when we got it the secound one works we still have it after a year of light use and it works.It it slow on copies when i turn it on i wait 4 mins before it compies or it will scan the image then suck up the paper and sit there for 20 min then says PLEASE TRY AGAIN so i shut it off and wait 5 minutes turn it on and wait 4 min . the make a copy and it works . the printer speed is fast and the scanner is fine the card reader does not work good so PLEASE BEWARE IF YOU BUY ITIf you have any queston please contact me at ouimetnick@gmail.com
 I just bought this printer 2 weeks ago and it works perfectly . i dont know why people are complaining about paper jams , because maybe its their faults . you are n't really suppose to stick the paper way in . as for printing photographs , i havent bought the special ink , but with the regular ink , it works great , sometimes even better than doing it at the stores . I 've printed 20 pictures or so and i still have enough ink left . So if you people have problems because of the paper jams or whatever , maybe its your fault . protect your investments , because good quality printers dont come cheap .
 I just bought this machine yesterday and , while I have n't tried it out with the 4 x 6 photo paper yet , I have tried printing on 8.5 x 11 sheets of varying thicknesses with NO trouble with paper picking or anything of the kind.I printed a photo onto 8.5 x 11 onto regular paper and was amazed at the quality on just plain bond . I also copied a christmas photo card from my sister-in-law and again , was amazed at the resolution and the quality.Both the scanner and the printer are far better quality than I expected for the price I paid so I do n't understand the negative reviews here on Amazon . I checked the reviews for this product on cnet.com and it got an 8.8 out of a possible 10 over there.Don ' t be swayed by these negative remarks . I 've seen plenty of rave reviews for this product and I agree with them wholeheartedly .
 What sold me on the HP 2575 printer ? The built in network adapter ! I have 4 computers in my house and this was the perfect solution for us.The printer itself is also great , prints very good picture quality , fast text -LRB- although I usualy use my LaserJet 1100A for black only text -RRB- . The scanner / copier is also great and very easy to use . Even printing photos form memory cards or PicBridge is easy!For people nervous about the drivers , just go straight to Hewlett Packard 's web site and download the latest drivers , I 've had no issues with any of my computers , inlcuding a WinXP pro machine.I 've also noticed that cost per page is low , too -LRB- lower than other photo printers by HP and other companies -RRB- . If you see the multi packs -LRB- I 've seen the color cartridge , the photo cartridge , and a 100 pack of 4X6 photo paper for $ 40 ! Now that 's a deal !! -RRB- . I would definately recommend this printer for anyone wanting a good and expensive all in one solution -LRB- or even just a photo printer ! -RRB- .
 I received this printer in December 2005 . I use it for printing word documents , photos and scanning and have had few problems . I probably use it 1-2 times a week and occasionally do run into paper jams-but they 've been easily fixable.The photoquality is excellent even without the special photo-ink . I 've also had good luck scanning photos , fixing them up and then reprinting.A year ago , I got this printer for about $ 160 and I 'd say it was worth it . Nowadays you may be able to get something better for the same price .
 I 've had this printer for almost 2 years and I have never had a problem with it . This printer went through a lot with all the papers and pictures I printed and it still gave me great performance . Never had a paper jam or any other problems . You just have to be patient with it and it will print things perfectly . I never got the recommended paper for it maybe thats why I never had a problem ;--RRB- . I 've been through so many printers because all other brands were crap and broke down after a couple months . If your looking for a printer you do n't necessarly have to buy this one because it is a little expensive , but I would recommend HP over anything else .
 Pictures are clear , colors are great . Easy to operate the scanner/copier . Color cartridges last a very long time , unlike my previous Canon printer .
 I followed all instructions and have no problems . Pictures are as good as store bought . Great scanner and software . Makes great copies , fast .
 Like so many others , my HP printer suffered from the chronic paper feed problems . The tech support people gave the standard suggestions -LRB- use a bigger/smaller stack of paper , do a power cycle , clean the roller -RRB- . Nothing worked -LRB- surprise ! -RRB- . But here 's something that DOES work :1 -RRB- Clean the roller as instructed -LRB- remove the back panel , clean the roller with an alcohol swab -RRB- 2 -RRB- Spray the end of a Q-tip with hairspray3 -RRB- Dab/wipe the Q-tip gently across the surface of the roller , taking extreme care to not get hairspray on anything else .4 -RRB- Allow at least 15 minutes to dry ... and VOILA ! Problem solved . Does n't leave any residue on the paper -LRB- and even if it did , it would be on the back of the paper - no biggie -RRB- . And best of all , no hassle of returning the printer for servicing , dealing with shipping charges , warranty renewals , etc.And I must say , apart from the paper feed problem -LRB- which is n't a problem anymore -RRB- , this all-in-one printer is totally freakin ' sweet !
 Have owned this printer for several months now , purchased the 2575xi version at Costco for about $ 180 . We use it with a 5 year old Mac running OS 10.4 via the ethernet connection . No problems with install or any of the features.This printer has changed the way we use our digital photos . Previously we connected the cameras via USB and imported the photos to the computer via iPhoto . This printer is equipped with multiple card readers , so now we just pop the card in and transfer/import through the printer . We are also able to view the photos on the card via the printer LCD and/or print any pictures immediately.We have used all of the printer/scan/copier functions extensively as my wife is responsible for putting together our daughters elementary school yearbook . No problems whatsoever and not a single paper jam . The included cartridges have lasted through about 400 pages of mixed color/BW printouts , with ink still in reserve . Our previous Epson printer would get about 200 pages and a cleaning cycle was required if not used once a week . We have yet to align or clean the HP.The software is easy to install and use and most functions can be done either via the Mac or directly from the printer interface . Because the printer is connected via ethernet , there are several nice features that one can use to enhance and share your digital photo experience . You may set up Instant Share which allows you to print photos remotely to a friend or family members ' Photosmart printer . You can upload photos to an on-line professional photo studio and you can even order the correct cartridges via the Internet -LRB- web site will ask if it can query your printer -RRB- . The only down-side I have experienced is the limited availability of cartridges . I do not know if this is because the printer is new or because of popularity . Replacement cartridges on-line run $ 20 - $ 25 each . The printer uses a black cartridge -LRB- # 98 -RRB- and a 3-color cartridge -LRB- # 95 -RRB- standard . Optional photo cartridges replace the 98 with a gray cartridge -LRB- 100 -RRB- and the 98 with a photo 3-color photo cartridge -LRB- 99 -RRB- . It is my understanding that they are interchangeable in that you can take them in and out as printing needs arise although I have not bought the optional cartridges.Although we generally use an on-line pro photo service for scrap-booking and the final yearbook photos , the 2575xi is capable of nearly matching the print quality . We use Costco printing services as it is generally cheaper than the paper/ink of any consumer photo printer.It is worth noting that there seem to be several variations of the 2575 series printer , Bestbuy sells one version and the Costco version is 2575xi . The specs are all the same and I am unsure if the difference is the due to the retailer or included software.I soon plan to upgrade our PC to Windows XP and hope the printer works 1/2 as well as it does with the old Mac ... . another classic example of getting what you pay for ! A couple hundred more dollars upfront saves you $ in the long run with less hassle , no pop-ups or spyware and they run the latest software for years and years .
 A lot of people have had problems with paper feeding on these all in ones . About 2 % - 3 % of these babies built between summer 05 and winter 06 had bad rollers . I called the help line and got all this info from the rep after some troubleshooting -LRB- paper settings , cleaning , etc -RRB- . The `` cleaning kit '' they sent is actually an abrasive pad type thing that you put in the printer , and run some software to ` resurface ' the rollers . `` Cleaning '' is misleading ; we 've all cleaned the rollers , whether or not it works . It actually seems to grind off some of the rubber , and my printer 's working like a charm now . Just a tip . Get the ` cleaning ' kit .
 I am not quite understanding other 's reviews because mine has NEVER jammed . It prints fine and the best part is that it is networkable , so every copmputer in the house can use it . I have noticed that images come out a little too red , but I think I can tweak that . Otherwise I have been happy with the purchase . I would like to compare it to come of the 6 ink models out there though .
 I have enjoyed this printer for three years , but found it continues to jam now . It is a hassle . I also set my default to only black ink so as to not cost so much . General home use .
 I 'm pleased with the printing , coping , and photo reproduction that HP has produced with this gem of a printer . I 'm completely satisfied .
 I am really impressed with the printer , especially the photo capabilities . I copied a picture on just regular paper and it came out great . It is fast and fairly easy to figure out .
 The printer was received as promised and it worked perfectly . Very satisfied .
 I got very good customer care.They called me back very fast when I asked theire help .
 After reading the reviews on this site , I was very wary to buy this particular printer , but for 60 dollars after a rebate I could n't resist . I have had NO complaints whatsoever . I have printed many 4x6 photos , all of which look just as good as a professional copy . Also , the 1 touch option to copy and scan are amazing and quick . I think that the people reviewing this product may have had an older version of the printer , either that or I may have just gotten lucky . Either way , I would go out on a limb and say this is the best printer I have ever purchased , price included .
 I have the same set of Berol Prismacolor pencils since college -LRB- at least 20 years ago -RRB- . I now have a four and two year old and I never knew how vibrant the colors are until I bought `` other '' colored pencils . I have a set for scrapbooking and also the basic Crayola sets for the kids . Hands down the Prismacolor wins several times over for color brillance . Granted the set for scrapbooking is safe for the pictures - I do n't know if the Prismacolors are.My husband will see me color an hour after the kids are done . I 'm not an artist by any means but I love color in any shade and love to color.If you can afford to , buy the 12 set of Prismacolor & Crayola brand and compare - especially the lighter colors -LRB- like yellow -RRB- . You will be amazed . I probably would n't spend the additional money on the Prismacolor for your kids to color in school but for the budding artist who loves to color at home , you can not go wrong with a set of Prismacolor pencils . If you have the space and the money , get the largest set you can .
 After staring at them for quite a bit and inhaling the yummy smell , i lightly pressed one down on my drawing , and i was in love ! I love these guys ! Not wanting to waste them on trivial things like homework , i grabbed my brother 's crayolas . Ew . I am never going back to crayolas for my artwork . I highly recomend these !
 Bought these for my son . He is 13 and is really enjoying them . The tin that they come in is good for travel too !
 Nice color , easy to use . Better that regular colored pencils !
 The Vtech I6775 5.8 GHz 3-Handset System with Digital Answering Device and Caller ID is very easy to set up and use without the help of its user 's manual.The display is easy to read and the ringer volume options are better than all of my previous cordless phones which were either too loud or too quiet , without much mid-range volume.This phone is a bargain in its price range .
 V-Tech Cordless Telephone with Digital Answering System and Caller IdI 'm very pleased with the whole unit ! I especially like having both a speaker and headset jack . Also I like that redial brings up the number without dialing it so you can check to see if you dialed correctly and also change the last numeral before dialing for fast voting for TV contestants !
 Like it says , it 's heavy duty . It feels thick and hefty when you place it onto the box . I use it to ship stuff , and it keeps the label water-tight , as well as affixes all sorts of things to plastic or cardboard shipping containers .
 This tape is a great value for the multi-purpose packager.The tape is strong and easy to work with . A must have around the house .
 Great heavy duty tape - the dispensers work really well too ! Usually the tape falls back on the roll and you need to fish out the ends , but not with these ! Great buy
 These tapes came in and i was expecting smaller size but when i opened the box i was shocked they were big and i was so happy . The tapes looks small in the picture but you 'll be surprised because they are actually big and very strong . I use these all the time for personal use and business . It is great . Amazon had the best deal on them it was unbelievable and i love their prime membership . The only con with this cape is that the red plastic thing is a little too big but its not that bad . THe fact that the tape is very strong and very big in size cancels out any cons that it has . I would recommend anyone who is thinking to buy packing tape to get his because its defintely worth every penny if not more . .
 This is an easy to use , easy to understand grammar book . It has lessons lined out and answers are conveniently located in back .
 I really like the look of this file box and am glad I purchased it . Very sturdy and fits my letter-sized hanging folders easily , even with tabs on them . -LRB- So many covered file boxes had complaints that the tabs would n't fit with the lid on . -RRB- I would have preferred one with wheels , but could n't find one with a lid that would fit the tabs when closed , so opted for this one with a handle for ease of movement . I 'm glad I did . I have n't had it for long , but the box seems very sturdy and something that will last for a while . I also love that the hanging folders rest in the box , and not on a separate bar - those with separate bars tend to break or come loose and feel more flimsy.My only issue was that the plastic lid is not attached when delivered , and it was VERY difficult for me to get the tab to snap in - I kept waiting for the lid to crack or the tab to break off while inserting it into the hole . But it seemed to take my `` abuse '' well while bending it to fit , and nothing broke . I do n't think I 'd ever get it off again without breaking it , so make sure you really want the lid on before you put it on . And , if it makes a difference to you , the cover opens like a hinge , opening on the longer side . So if -LRB- like me -RRB- you 've got letter-sized files in there , the lid will be opening sideways . Not a problem for me , but thought I 'd mention it in case it is for you .
 This `` crate '' is now occupied with historical photos that are not a standard size . The photos had not been used in years and were in a dirty cardboard box in the `` discard '' pile at the high school . The crate is a bit short for them , but is better than anything else I found . Being able to pick it up by the handles is a wonderful feature . The top will keep out dust and dirt . The unit is sturdy enough to set things on it if space is a consideration . It is being put to very good use in a high school history classroom and allows the photos to be used after years of inactivity .
 Good size for our files for personal use . Also , good size to store under the desk and use as a foot rest . Would buy again when I run out of space with this one . Recommend !
 I already had hanging file folders etc to put inside . This box is very sturdy and keeps everything related to my volunteer work in one spot .
 I 'm very satisfied , the product is great as well as in good quality . I would buy it again with pleasure .
 This order is the fastest I 've EVER received . Ordered just yesterday and delivered to my doorstep today.That 's never happened being in rural America !!! Amazing . I own several of these Letter/Legal Portable Plastic File Boxes and I now where I will contine to purchase them . Thank you .
 I was looking for something I can take on the road and will keep water and dust out and this definitely fit the bill . I would recommend this item .
 I use this product with a 2 '' notebook using page protectors . Unfortunately , page protectors cause this protected pages to cover up standard size tabs . This product adjusts for the size differences without going beyond the binder cover . This is the third set I 've owned and it stands up to heavy use .
 This was my family 's first cordless phone . We bought it because our answering machine blew up in an electrical storm and we needed a new machine . Since we could only find phones that come with answering machines , we went with a cordless-even though my parents were less than thrilled because of a previous bad experience with a cordless phone . We came home and hooked it up , let it charge overnight , and it worked excellent !! The Caller ID in the handset was great -LRB- no problems yet -RRB- and the answering machine quality was excellent . We had a problem later on with it , but it turned out to be the phone line itself , not the phone . It has a simple keypad , no fancy buttons , and is easy to use . I have taken this outside with me before within the 100 YARD radius of the base and have had no problems . It channel searches when you are too far away from the base . The reason other phons may have had problems is because you are not supposed to put the base near electrical stuff such as TV , etc. and the base should be in the middle of the home . It also has a directory where you can enter people you know and instead of dialing their number over and over , you can access the directory and dial from there-speed dial basically . If someone on your `` speed dial '' list is calling , the phone gives a lower pitched ring so you know it 's someone important and not a telemarketer or something . The answering machine has 3 different `` mailboxes '' that are-again-easy to use . An excellent product from Sony !!!
 I 've had great luck with a Panasonic and decent luck with a Uniden , but based on bad reviews , I went with the Sony . I 've had it about 1 month and it 's working great . Caller ID works fine , clear calls , and you can understand messages on the answering machine . I would like to be able to have the names that I enter for cell numbers , etc. appear instead of just the callers ' number with the state . The price was also a bit steep , but all in all , I 'm very satisfied .
 Reviewers who do n't like this phone are unbelieveable . I have had this phone for almost 4 years and have never had issue with it . I just wish that the handset ringer could be turned off . That is why I am at this sight . Batteries in all cordless phones need to be replaced at some point . I replaced mine for the first time about 6 months ago . You just go to radio shack , or some place like it , to get a new one .
 Dear sir/mami bought this sony cordless telephone -LRB- SPP-A973 -RRB- FOR $ 44.99 FROM A UN KNOWN SALES PERSON . NOW I HAVE A DIFFICULTIES TO OPERATE THIS TELEPHONE . BECAUSE I DONT HAVE ANY CATALOGUE OR AND BROUSER TO OPERATE THIS CORD LESS TELEPHONE . PLEASE ARRANGE ME TO GET THIS CATTALOUGE OR MANUAL DIGRAM OR ANY OPERATING SYSTERM BOOK OR BRUOSERS BY EMAILMY EMAIL ADDRESS IS . shabbirkam52@yahoo.Thank youshabbirkam
 It takes me longer to learn , I guess ... I wasted my money on a BellSouth phone with Digital answering machine only to find I could understand about 25 % of my messages , that I could n't understand the bizarre electronic ` help ' voice , and had virtually no other features.My new Sony Spp-A973 has -LRB- almost -RRB- every feature I could want ... caller ID , cordless phone -LRB- sounds as clear as a regular phone -RRB- with tremendous range and a seemingly never-ending battery , clear digital answering machine -LRB- again , clear as the best tape machine -RRB- , a brilliant jog dial to review caller ID calls and place memory calls -LRB- no more remembering who ` memory 01 ' is -RRB- ... In a nutshell , this is one of those extremely rare products where I feel like I somehow got twice what I expected for half what I expected to pay.Two things would make it five stars
 I was in the market for a phone with everything -LRB- Caller ID , Answer machine , etc -RRB- and this has it all and it all works great . I have had GE , Lucent , and Uniden phones and this has the clearest signal and easiest set up . The caller ID is the best part with how Sony allows to scroll through with the small wheel on the side of the phone . MUCH easier than how uniden has it by the key pad . I have no idea why there are so many bad reviews about the answering machine ? That is how answering machines sound ! All in all , a great phone .
 I was all set to buy a Panasonic phone and then went online andfound out through some reviews that it was n't the best phone to buy.After researching some more , I decided to purchase this Sony . The is absolutely the best cordless phone I 've ever owned . The sound is clear and I can be outside in my yard and still hear clearly . The programming is a snap ! All in all , if you 're in the market for a phone/answering machine ... this your phone !
 This phone was a replacement for a 2.5 year old Serene amplified phone that never met the quality of the Calrity XL50 . The phone is for my mother who has SEVERE hearing loss in both ears . With this phone , she is back to communicating with the outside world ! What makes this phone stand out is both the amplification and clarity with which allows her to not only hear someone 's voice , but just as important , to understand the words being spoken . Because of how much improved the technology is today , I would recommend going for this top of the line Clarity model because it offers the most value for the hearing impaired and those communicating with them .
 Shipping was very fast.After I ordered the phone , it arrived two days later . Perfect service . I had a cordless clear Sounds before , some never met my needs.Communication is great . I can hear every word loud and clear . I do n't even have to turn the volume all the way up , and my hearing loss is severe . There is only one minor problem , I ca n't turn the ringer off and I like to do this , because I do n't like to be bothered at night . Otherwise perfect
 I ordered this phone for my father-in-law who was having trouble hearing people he talks to on the phone -LRB- hearing aids are not really an option for him -RRB- . After doing some research , this seemed to be the best combination of amplification , features , and cost while keeping it very simple for him to use.It arrived early , was easy for me to program -LRB- speed dial -RRB- , easy to adjust amplification for him , and mount to the wall . In making test calls I found the sound to be very clear -LRB- I do wear hearing aids in both ears and tried it with and without them -RRB- . So far , he is very pleased with it .
 I bought this phone for my mom , who has a lot of trouble hearing on a regular phone . This phone has made a big difference !
 We purchased this for my 93 year old father , and he is so thrilled with this phone . Was easy to set up , and the blue botton contacts customer service , so he has assistance with phone features . Definitely an excellent buy .
 This phone works really well for my hard of hearing mother in law . The one she had before worked well for a long time . Hope this one does as well . Warner Radio was great to work with . There was a shipping issue that they corrected very promptly . Great service !
 I bought this phone as a Christmas gift for my mother who is very hard ofhearing . This was the best gift for her . She can now converse and understandthe person on the other end of the phone . The numbers are large and light up.The volume and tone is on the front of the phone and very easy toadjust . This is a great phone for an older person andI recommend it highly .
 I purchased this phone for my 90 year old mother who wears two hearing aids . Not only can she finally hear me on the phone , but she can use it while keeping her hearing aid in her ear . She has not heard this well on the phone for over ten years . I highly recommend this product .
 My wife was a little angry at first , but she uses it all the time at the present . Her use speaks for itself .
 I 'm a teacher , and these were just what I needed for my students . Great price and FAST shipping .
 This product is exactly like stated . It is a good quality for the price . I also really like the color .
 I would order again.Oxford is a reputable company and this is the best price I could find on any product . You ca n't go wrong with these for the money .
 This ink is so durable and the color is great . Just what I want . Oh , I bought several bottles in 2006 . It is still good .
 The ink was inexpensive , considering how much ink it is . I think it will take me at least a year or two to use it all . I 've been writing with the pen nonstop as my primary pen for 2 months and the first bottle is n't even noticiably lower on ink . Shipping was also fast and everthing arrived in good shape . Overall a great experience .
 i want a black one , but i made a mistake . so i got a blue one . but it is also ok . i used to blue one now , altough a little strange for sketch ... . so , everyone should careful .
 THIS IS THE BEST INK I HAVE EVER USED . IT IS RICH IN COLOR . GREAT PRODUCT .
 I bought the very pricey Tyvek when I started my business , but took a chance and switched to these . I love these ! They are way cheaper , but equal in weight and durability for shipping.They are grey in color , which threw me off at first , but I have now shipped 70 items and ready to order more of these ! Very happy .
 I love these , they making shipping items so much easier and are a lot cheaper than bubble envelopes . I do n't have to worry about them getting torn and products being lost or stolen .
 An essential to anybody mailing soft unbreakable inventory such as clothing . The plastic can stretch quite a bit and will not tear easily . You will realize that the peel-and-stick adhesive will save a great amount of time compared to taping packages . I was stupid enough to ship my products in boxes before using these mailers .
 they are perfect for mailing items of clothing , you get so many that you dont need to order often and they are easy to store
 These bags are very durable . Also the perfect size and price . Just what we need for shipping many different items .
 These mailers are a great value . They are thick enough to hold items securely and seal well . I would reccomend them .
 One of the great aspects of the INTERNET is the enabling of the SOHO business . However , due to the vast number of competitors , margins can sometimes be rather lean . Often you find that your pricing structures must be set to be in line with the rest . You and the rest of your competitors share , essentially , the same product cost , and some of those competitors may have the volume advantage . If you are playing the online retail game , then smart logistics may be the only way that your turnip will participate in the blood drive.Poly mailers allow for shipping optimizations such that you to see instant returns on the investment . In my business , after shipping with these ultra-light , super-strength , USPS approved money machines only 3 times , the entire package of 100 was paid for . After 5 more shipments , the savings paid for the 150 ' roll of bubble wrap . Just think ... there are 92 left in the package . Wow!Optimize your logistics , buy poly mailers , impress your CPA and heal the economy.I 'm really impressed and I am currently looking at various sizes for further optimization . I am currently using 10x13 and 6x9 , but I need a 3rd size to make things just right . A sample pack containing all of the possible dimensions would be a considerate offering .
 We are a volunteer fire company with over 3000 streets in our first due . We use this binder for our map books in our apparatus . We have had great success with them and they hold up , firefighter proof as we would say .
 These folders were just what we were looking for . And they were very prompt in shipping them . I would recommend that anyone would be very happy using them in the future .
 It was exactly what I ordered , no surprises . Black paper pocket folders with fasteners . It 's what I needed and it 's what I got !
 The seller of this product did great describing it and shipping it in a timely manner ; however , the quality of the folders just are n't the best . The business card holder on the inside is perforated in one corner only , so that means I will have to tear each one myself -LRB- on over 500 folders -RRB- in order to get the cards to stay in . That 's probably the worst part about them . They are not glossy on the outside , they have a dingy cheap look to them , but it will do for what I 'm using them for .
 These met the requirements of what I needed and a good price . They are a bit thinner than regular ones but I just needed a lot of them to hand out papers / course material at school.Great for report covers too .
 The folders arrived in one day ! I was so impressed ! They were perfect for our team 's 20 some page handbook !
 Our small business uses these for presenting our clients with their tax returns . The color is bright enough to stand out in piles of papers so they can easily find it next year . And having the slot for a business card is nice so they can call us in the future . Makes for a nice presentation and looks very professional .
 Really high quality folders with out the expensive price tag . I ordered to test them out and after I got them I ordered more boxes of them right away . Highly Recommended!One thing to look out for is the fasteners , they are a bit sharp so be careful when adjusting those little guys , I had one slice right through my finger . Dont let that stop you from buying these those , seriously worth the money just be a little careful . : -RRB-
 Great product - great service . ; - -RRB- delivered fast , what I ordered , would recommend.thank you - good luck . Not much else to say about it . gg
 Basic , multipurpose and professional-looking . Reinforced edges and slightly flexible binding . Both sides of the folder have straight-edged horizontal pockets -LRB- in the picture , one of the two is slanted -RRB- . Also , I 'm not sure what is meant by the `` title panel '' bullet point in the product description . Everything else is as described .
 This folder was exactly what I was looking for at the right price . It has double pockets and three prong fasteners . I would order them again .
 This was just what I was looking for ... a simple , basic rubber mouse pad . The surface makes it easy for a mouse to track and provides a little bit of cushion .
 The mouse pad is pretty smooth , the thickness is about right.I bought the black pad , make sure you read the description before you order , to make sure you are getting the color you want .
 This mousepad has a nice quality feel , the rubber base grips very well and does n't feel `` foamy '' . The cloth top is a nice black , no logos , mouse travels easily . I 've bought the compucessory -LRB- http://www.amazon.com/Smooth-Cloth-Nonskid-Mouse-Pad/dp/B000F74NTW/ref=sr_1_2?ie=UTF8&qid=1334083843&sr=8-2 -RRB- which most people seem to like , but I hated it . This mousepad is similar in price and hands down much higher quality
 Got with a Logitech mouse -LSB- ... -RSB- and it works . Not sure what else can be asked of a mousepad lol . It 's solid , does n't slide , and does everything a mousepad should do which is great cuz it 's so cheap .
 Had no idea what size drawers my college student 's desk would have so I bought this and it worked perfectly . It ' really nice to have an organizer that fits the drawer and does n't slide around the drawer constantly .
 Arrived on time , works fine , nothing broken . I would have liked to have it be fulfilled by Amazon , but maybe they will change that later . 4/5
 I am a radiography student and this little skeleton comes in very handy when studying the bones and learning the bony landmarks .
 The oak wood is beautiful , and was very well protected in shipping . The chair assembles nicely , and is quite comfortable . This is a perfect companion to my Oak Desk ,
 This is a very easy to use and very high quality cordless phone . The headset is comfortable , lightweight , and the sound quality is excellent . The memory , caller-ID , and call-back functions are all user friendly . Drawbacks to this phone revolve around the inabilty to use it -LRB- i.e. like a speakerphone -RRB- when it sits in its cradle . Another negative is the clip on the back of the phone is flimsy and the unit can slip from a pocket or belt . These minor flaws should not deter you from buying this otherwise terrific phone especially at its very competitive price .
 The laminator works very well . I 've made more than 100 luggage tags since I bought it 3 month ago . I 'm very pleased with this product .
 I have not had any problems with this phone . I live on the 7th floor of a dormitory , and can use it on the ground floor of the building . I 've had no problems with the sound quality , range , reception , the ringer , nothing . Our campus phone system does not have Caller ID , so I ca n't comment on that , but the call waiting works well . I would heartily reccomend this phone , especially at this price .
 I purchased this same telephone for 29.99 at smartbargains.com . You want 55 dollars . Nobody should have to pay that much .
 This is a cheap phone . I bought this one at local store for -LRB- $ $ $ -RRB- , minus the rebate . I 've owned it for about a month now.Let 's get down to business - the phone I have uses the same circuitry as this one but is styled differently , kind of a futuristic style , really . It has a volume switch , a scan button to get a better channel , a redial button , page , memory button , a flash button , and a pause button . Not to mention the headset jack!I love the compact base on this phone , but when it comes down to it , it dose n't sound as good as my other cordless phones -LRB- I own 7 -RRB- . For one thing , unless the other person talks loud , it 's hard to hear them . Raising the volume helps , but it 's still hard to hear some callers . The manual is short and shows mediocre English skills , but this phone is easy to use and setup . The fit and finish is very good , and could compete with some uptown phones in the -LRB- $ $ $ -RRB- range.The wall mount bracket is unuseful , as the phone is unsteady if it 's hanging on the wall . Of course , I use it as a desktop cordless phone , so it dose n't matter.Overall , this is fine for calling up the bank info line , or calling time and temperature . I use it to answer the phone , and if it is n't a telemarketer , I can get on my other cordless to talk . However , it 's not a good primary phone .
 This is a cheap phone . I bought this one at local store for -LRB- $ $ $ -RRB- , minus the rebate . I 've owned it for about a month now.Let 's get down to business - the phone I have uses the same circuitry as this one but is styled differently , kind of a futuristic style , really . It has a volume switch , a scan button to get a better channel , a redial button , page , memory button , a flash button , and a pause button . Not to mention the headset jack!I love the compact base on this phone , but when it comes down to it , it dose n't sound as good as my other cordless phones -LRB- I own 7 -RRB- . For one thing , unless the other person talks loud , it 's hard to hear them . Raising the volume helps , but it 's still hard to hear some callers . The manual is short and shows mediocre English skills , but this phone is easy to use and setup . The fit and finish is very good , and could compete with some uptown phones in the -LRB- $ $ $ -RRB- range.The wall mount bracket is unuseful , as the phone is unsteady if it 's hanging on the wall . Of course , I use it as a desktop cordless phone , so it dose n't matter.Overall , this is fine for calling up the bank info line , or calling time and temperature . I use it to answer the phone , and if it is n't a telemarketer , I can get on my other cordless to talk . However , it 's not a good primary phone .
 This is a good choice for those seeking the advantages of a well-made and nicely-equipped 2.4 GHz cordless phone at a relatively modest price.The IBM 3460 incorporates a number of useful features usually found only in more expensive models , including 3-line multifunction lcd screen , base unit with separate keypad and speakerphone , call waiting and caller id compatibility , ringer volume control , positive tactile keypad feedback , and more.This unit 's clean , understated , contemporary design is aesthetically pleasing ; its classic lines are unintrusive and should stand up well under the test of time.Although it operates at the higher 2.4 GHz frequency , this phone uses analog technology , not digital , so it is not -LRB- nor does IBM claim it to be -RRB- a truly `` state of the art '' product . You can spend considerably more for a digital model in return for somewhat better sound quality , but most people will be very satisfied with the overall performance of this phone , particularly given its combination of high build quality , abundant features , and affordable price .
 you were expecting more ? i dunno about those people living in cowtowns having trouble . no complaints here . yet , at least .
 For less than a dollar a roll , this tape is a very good value . It mid-weight ; not the strongest on the market , but not the flimsiest either . It applies pretty easily without wrinkling like cheap tapes often do . I bought it direct from Amazon and I did receive 6 rolls of tape for less than six dollars with free Prime shipping.The label on the package says `` Made in China for 3M '' , so the Amazon 's claim of `` Made in USA '' is apparently false .
 I do a lot of shipping and this tape is cheap and effective . It is strong and I have little trouble with it crinkling . I use a lot of it .
 Not a tape expert , but it works well -LRB- and I have shipped 100lb boxes with this stuff -RRB- and with free shipping at $ 1/roll who cares?If it seems a little weak , maybe you should just use more on the seams of whatever you need to ship?I mean , honestly , it is $ 1/roll tape ...
 I bought this 6 pack of tap to use in the free dispenser that the US Postal service gives you . I was moving . I used 5 out of the 6 rolls , -LSB- ... -RSB- I feel like I got a good deal - and let 's face it as long as it 's sticky it 's good tape .
 Found it odd that it was n't SCOTCH brand as the picture and title indicated . But , it 's still tape and will do the job of taping up packages . So , 5 stars still .
 This is a very inexpensive laminator that works great . It has a shut off feature if you forget to turn it off . It comes with a cardboard sleeve in which you put your work so that you can use up scraps of film as well . Quick shipping . Very pleased .
 This is by far the best laminator and eassy to use as well . I recommend this to anyone .
 always used to laminate by buying contact paper and doing it myself , this saves me a lot of time and trouble . Wish I had thought of buying one sooner !
 This is a good product that worked from the start . I would recommend it to anyone . It reminds me of an American made car , it works , nothing else to say about the styling or quality . It meets the product requirement . As a utility , I am ok with it .
 We received this item very quickly -LRB- less than 5 days -RRB- . Easy to unpackage , needed very little assembly . Make sure to read the owner 's manual with this unit . You must be organized in the steps used to setup your laminated items before running them thru the laminator . Be sure to take your time , allow nothing else to disturb you while laminating your projects or work.The operation of this unit is very simple and easy . It does n't take very long to complete the lamination cycle either.The only future improvement for this model would be a perforation process to ease the separation of a full sheet of work with multiple tasks or jobs on a single sheet.Rating
 The machine works great . It came in the box untouched and was delivered very promptly . I could not be happier .
 Sharpens quickly , efficiently and quietly . Seems to be a nice , sturdy product . We have been very happy with this sharpener and highly recommend it .
 Real nice sharpener . Replaces a Panasonic that I had for two decades . I 've owned this model for nearly a year now , with no troubles and it makes a sharp point . A minor thing , the reservoir is a little small , so you need to empty out the shavings more than I would like . But on the important matter of doing a good job sharpening , this gets it done , and is good and sturdy and acts like it will have a good long life . I liked it well enough that I recently got a second one for another part of the house .
 If , like most people , you use pencils only occasionally , get an old standby Boston hand-crank sharpener . Frequent pencil users , though , should consider a good electric sharpener . This X-Acto -LRB- by Boston -RRB- is a heavy duty device that should provide many years of service . It only handles the standard # 2 pencil size , which is far and away the most common . The catch tray for shavings incorporates the guide hole for the pencil , and snaps rather tightly onto the main unit . -LRB- The tray does n't hold all that much . -RRB- The X-Acto is fairly comparable to my old favorite , the Panasonic Auto-Stop , a sharpener that I 've used for decades . There 's no real Auto-Stop function on the X-Acto , but the motor slows right down when the pencil is sharpened . Also , while my Panasonic has four suction cups on its base for attachment to a desktop , the X-Acto merely has rubber feet . However , it 's heavy enough to make suction cups unnecessary . It should be mentioned that the X-Acto 's manual warns against sharpening waxy-leaded pencils , so colored pencil artists might choose another sharpener . This unit is somewhat expensive , but does one job and does it well . Pencils sharpened in this device will have a good point , but not a needle-like point that will break off with little pressure . The X-Acto 's sturdy and heavy-duty construction makes it an electric sharpener to definitely consider purchasing if you need one .
 One of the best sharpeners I have used in the classroom . I have used , and abused , a LOT of sharpeners in my classroom over the years . I am now a librarian and I sharpen both graphite and colored pencils that are used by 20 classes . I have found this to be a durable sharpener and it does a fantastic job as well .
 when I first got my sharpener I loved it ! But after a few months the side of the tip had wood on it !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! IT WAS VERY HARD TO WRITE !!! the reason why I gave it 4 stars is because it is very heavy duty and because when you jam the pencil in it still works !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I do n't press hard a lot : -RSB-
 when I first got my sharpener I loved it.But , after a few monthes ... on one side of the tip there was wood!The reason why I gave it 4 stars is because it is very heavy duty !!!!!!!!!!!!! Even when I jam the pencils in it it still works !!!!!!!!!!!
 Great sharpener . This is a great size for my desk at work . Sharpens easily and evenly , never one side over-sharpened . I would definitely recommend this product and not waste your time with the battery powered versions .
 This is one of the best sharpeners I have ever had . As the box says , it does withstands continual use in the classroom setting.The only downside is that it is a little bit to noisy and only allows one type of pencil -LRB- compared to others that can sharpen different pencil sizes -RRB- . Aside of that , this is truly a heavy duty sharpener that is well worth the money .
 The X-Acto Deluxe Heavy-Duty Electric Pencil Sharpener is a great sharpener . I love an electric pencil sharpener and this one does the job . I sub at a small rural school and they still have the old grinders on the wall so I take this one with me when I sub and the kids are glad to see me because they love it ! The first thing they do is get all their pencils sharpened so this one has sharpened a lot of pencils . Get one , you 'll love it !
 I needed to pick up a couple of electric pencil sharpeners for my home and office - a heavy-duty and a light-duty . After carefully reading the reviews I chose two from X-Acto . Overall I am satisfied with my purchases . Both machines are reasonable quiet and create a sharp pencil point but they do have one small disadvantage . Both machines have small catch basins to hold the shavings that tends to fill up after 8-10 uses , which is unusual for the Heavy-Duty model . So if you do allot of sketching consider yourself warned . Also it would have been nice to have a clear plastic cover to see how full the catch basins are .
 Highly efficient electric pencil sharpener that is easy to use . Sits in a corner and blends with its surroundings . Serves it purpose . Would highly recommend this product .
 It does what it should do perfectly.Pros : * Weight is heavy and does not move when inserting pencil * Super fast motor sharpens very quickly * Tip of pencil -LRB- lead -RRB- is sturdy with very fine point * Good sized waste container allows several sharpening * Attractive designCons
 I used this product once at a hotel convention -LRB- the hotel office had one -RRB- to sharpen my watercolor pencils and I immediately knew I had to have one . It may seem costly but it has sharpened woodless graphite , graphite pencils , watercolor pencils , colored pencils and pastel pencils efficiently , quickly and GENTLY . It can survive tons of constant sharpening for detail work and is gentle enough to use with pricey art supplies . If you are n't using a very good sharpener then order this one and it will pay for itself in the pigment and pencil it saves by being so high-quality .
 TheX-Acto Deluxe Heavy-Duty Electric Pencil Sharpener is perhaps the best desktop pencil sharpener available for the price . It is heavy duty with plenty of power to quickly and cleanly sharpen any pencil . The sharpener comes equipped with pencil saver technology which prevents over sharpening , thus extending the life of your pencils . I found that this sharpener is quieter than other desktop models , but be aware that no sharpener is as quiet as you 'd prefer it to be ! The unit is heavy and so it provides a steady base , i.e. , it does n't feel like you 're going to push the sharpener across your desk when you stick a pencil in it . The cup for the shavings is a little too small for my taste . Overall , it does the job it is supposed to do quite well . Now , let 's see about the longevity !
 This sharpener does a good job of sharpening a pencil . There is supposed to be a change in sound when the pencil is sharp . Too subtle for my ears . Thermal cut-off if it overheats . Compact , neat look and easy to empty crumb drawer . -LRB- sharpener wo n't work unless the drawer is completely inserted . -RRB- A few things you should consider before buying :1
 I am an elementary school art teacher who has to sharpen and resharpen pencils for 150 students during a typical day , so a durable sharpener is essential for me . After a couple of months of use , I feel that this is one of the best of the many sharpeners I 've tried . It sharpens smoothly , without damaging leads or creating asymmetrical `` wooden spears '' . It is very fast but gentle enough for colored pencils . The design flaws that other reviewers have mentioned do n't bother me , but the one problem I 'd point out is the recessed hole for the pencil . It is designed so that a pencil can not be inserted after it has been worn down to about four inches -- in a public school one has to make supplies last , so this is a rather wasteful limitation . This is not the first model I 've seen with that frustrating drawback , and I do n't understand the logic of that design choice -LRB- if I were paranoid , I 'd say the pencil guys and the sharpener guys were in cahoots ... -RRB- .
 This sharpener gives a very nice point and does it quickly . My only complaints
 This is a wonderful pencil sharpener for a classroom . Very powerful -- will sharpen a pencil in a few seconds . Some students enjoyed it so much they would run the whole pencil down -LRB- which did n't take very long -RRB- . Definitely worth it . Best pencil sharpener I have owned or used in a class .
 I am a counselor and test coordinator in a high school and have used this pencil sharpener for the past two years . A colleague at a neighboring school recommended it to me as the best he had ever used . Although they insist it is not true , I believe my fellow counselors secretly covet this sharpener and probably wish they were n't stuck using a noisy , energy wasting electric sharpener . My X-ACTO L has performed admirably , having sharpened hundreds of pencils and I highly recommend it .
 It was difficult to install the rear screw because of the location otherwise a great product . No other problems with it
 Ive had this phone 3 weeks now , and its been working like a dream . Its so clear , and it feels nice in my hands . Ive dropped it a couple of times , and nothign has happened . THe shock-resistent part is not a lie . This is the most durable panasonic phone ive ever owned . My last phone was the Gigarange Elite , and that broke within 3 months . I know panasonic phones normally decline with time , but i think this one is going to last . I also bought `` Plantronics Headset M175 for Mobile & Cordless Phones '' . NO MORE NECK CRAMPS . All in all , i recommend this phone . Go get it !
 Best , most reliable speakerphone we 've ever had , rugged , outstanding sound quality , easy to use , please make more of these phones that are splash resistant and reliable with crystal clear sound1 !!! If Panasonic wishes to increase marketshare , or any other company , it should realize that people want to find the best brand and stick with it , and that this is of utmost importance to future bottomline than to have a reputation for having only junk like all the rest after this point .
 I was very surprised to see ony two stars for this phone . I have had one for over two years and this phone has been a good solid performer . I am a self-proclaimed gadget freak and have tried many different cordless phone brands . I think that Panasonic and Sony make the best phone and I think that Panasonic , while the cheaper of the two generally makes better equipment . With two small kids ours has been dropped and moved multiple times and has never given us trouble . It has provided better clarity than my more expensive Sony phones as well . I will admit that the features that are jammed into this phone are a bit over the top but this is a very useful phone . In fact , I 'm on the site to purchase one for my mom . Happy Holiday !
 I have one of these and I can go half way down the block and still hear great . great features . Best phone I have . So good I own 3 of this model . This should be 5 + stars
 This phone really raises the bar & is a terrific value . Consumer Reports says it is basically the same as the highly rated 2593 -LRB- except for the 2 lines vs. 1 & the lack of a built in answering machine -RRB- and I can certainly see why . I 'm amazed by all these negative reviews - these people must work for a competitor of Panasonic -LRB- we all know how easy it is to write a review here -RRB- . Anyway , highly recommended !
 Having owned a previous Panasonic Gigarange phone -LRB- KX-TG2550S -RRB- and being extraordinarily satisfied , I purchased this one to replace another phone in my household that was in need of replacement.Feature for feature , both phones seem similar . However , Panasonic has improved some very critical areas . The handset has been redesigned for more comfort during long usage , a great benefit since the older model would become uncomfortable during extended periods . Also , the redesigned shell of both the handset and the base provide both a much more contemporary look as well as providing an easier grip on both . The older model 's sleek design is a little slippery , although the rubber grips helped.The user interface is similar to the previous models ' , and while it 's not too difficult , expect a learning curve before you get the hang of it . Another area where Panasonic has improved the phone is the connection between the base unit and the handset when the handset is in the cradle . The older model would occasionally have difficulty finding the connection . With the new model , this seems to also have been improved.For those who have n't owned one of these phones , I understand all this comparison may seem a little confusing . However , this phone is reliable , convenient , powerful , and crystal clear . It 's an excellent purchase and a definate improvement over last years ' Gigarange models , which were superior phones . I have owned a pair of GE cordlesses and a Sony cordless before that , and none could compare to the Panasonic Gigarange . I do n't have any first hand experience with any other models since , but this phone is an excellent phone , worthy of consideration.And plus , it just looks so much cooler than anything else on the market . You have to give it that .
 I returned four other phones , that I recently purchased , for this one ! The quality of the phone sound is the best !!! I like having the speaker phone , and use it when dialing , then `` pick up '' using the hand set if someone answers . Lots of other great features . I currently use this phone with an external answering machine . If my machine ever goes bad , this phone has a voice mail light , that I can use if I purchase voice mail service with my local phone company . I was not happy with the panasonic phone/answering machines . I returned the 2583 and 2670N as their answering machine , when playing back messages -- in between messages -- would give this annoying `` grown sound ?
 I recently bought this phone . I really like the phone so far . It is great to retrieve voicemail , it even stores your password to make it simple . It stores 50 names and numbers which make using the address book a pleasure . The clarity so far are very good and the speakerphone is awesome . The only two improvements I can think of is one
 When I first recieved this phone , I was a little leary about the 2.4 GHz and the hormonic distorion in buildings that use iron material as a structure . To my suprising , this phone works exceptionly well . I live in a dorm room and it is crystal clear in and around the dorm . I can probably even go into another dorm and have no problem -LRB- Have n't tried the range yet ! -RRB- . Overall , I think this phone was build well for a consumer looking for quality . I find the menues easy to follow and only had to look at the manual briefly but other than that , it is all self-explantory . Panasonic makes some quality phones . People in my dorm have other 2.4 GHz brand phones and they were suprised my can even go outside of my room ! -LRB- I think the diversity antenna and the Digital Spread Spectrum systems helps out alot -RRB- . Overall , I am pleased and could not ask much more but of course a lower price !
 Phone has great range . For some reason its hard to find a cordless that has a MUTE , whats up with that ? Also , on the handset there is no real ` hold ' button either . I have found that you can press ` intercom ' on the handset , which will send the caller to the base . If no one picks up the base , it places the caller on ` base hold ' . You can then press talk on the handset and take the caller back when your ready . WHY NO MUTE ? The two 900MHz Sony phones I had were the same way ???
 I have one of these and I can go half way down the block and still hear great . great features . Best phone I have . So good I own 3 of this model . This should be 5 + stars
 I have used this phone for one month . I love this phone.What I like :1 . Very clear voice quality . My friends said they ca n't tell the difference from my cord phone when I called them with the handset . The speakphone works very well . My friend said he did n't notice I changed to use the speakphone to talk to him .2 . Good range ! I can walk around the aptment and talk with the handset , when the door and the windows are closed .3 . Easy setup ! I only read the manual when I need it . Normally I just follow the commomsence to set up the phone .4 . Reasonable keyboard design . Compared with my old VTech cordless phone , I like my new Panasonic 's design . The `` Talk '' key is located in the left side of the phone , so that my face wo n't accidently pressed the `` Talk '' key and end the phone call , which had been happened several times with my old VTech cordless phone .5 . Ok battery life . The battery can be full recharged in 6 hours . I Can talk for 6 hours with a full charge .6 . Easy retrieve the voice mail.What I do n't like :1 . Do n't have speed dial key in the handset .2 . Even I answered the phone , the Caller ID signal was keep on flashing . I must check the caller log to stop the flashing .3 .
 I love this phone . It saves me so much time . I use the Plantronics -LRB- over the head type -RRB- headset with it . Then I carry the phone in a jacket pocket , or clip it on my belt , and I can do my housework -LRB- yuck -RRB- while on those long phone calls with my mom -LRB- fun -RRB- . Combining `` yuck '' and `` fun '' makes the housework so much more palatable . On the practical side this multitasking makes better use of my time.I tried another cordless phone first , but it did n't work very well . It had a constant low level of static and there was always too much interference from the refrigerator ; every time the fridge came on the static was unbelievable . -LRB- That phone was returned . -RRB- Then I checked E-pinions and found out that most people loved their Panasonic phones , so I bought one . Now , the only time I have any interference is when too close to a computer in use or a microwave in use . The fridge , washer , dryer , television , etc. all no problem . A major plus when you like to do housework while on the phone.Now my mom wants one and I am so , so happy ! I have struggled for years -LRB- since 1998 -RRB- to hear her over the interference on her old cordless phone - she nicknamed it `` the funny phone '' it works so poorly . While I am here to order her one , I thought I should write a review because the only other reviewer said he hated this phone . I love mine.Besides the technical stuff , the white color is quite attractive in the kitchen . This is another plus that finally sold my mom on buying a decent phone . She will only buy white electronic devices . It sounds funny , and we joke about it , but I must admit that her home because of her color choice .
 I have owned this phone for over a year , and after replacing the original NiCd Panasonic battery with a GE 1300 mAh NiMH battery -LRB- TL965600187 -RRB- , the battery performance has been exceptional . The features of this phone are excellent and the performance has been great . However , recently we have been unable to use it at all due to large amounts of 2.4 GHz interference in our home . Beware of too many wireless devices in your area . The 2.4 GHz spectrum is the wild west . Other than that , this phone is great !!
 Very good phone for the money . It is very clear . I love the long battery life .
 Great for home sharpening needs -LRB- kids ' pencils for homework , general home pencil needs -RRB- . Sharpens quickly , nice point . Mounts firmly to table -LRB- unlike the other model I bought that did not hold at all -RRB- . Easier to use than a small hand sharpener , and `` uses up '' less of the pencil than an automatic/electric sharpener . In my opinion , it 's even faster than the automatic/electric sharpener because the point does not break off as much inside the sharpener and it does n't keep eating up the pencil once it 's sharpened -LRB- I count the turns and then I check it -RRB- . I prefer this manual sharpener to an electric one , even at the office .
 I do n't know why some people would give this a bad review ?! This little thing is GREAT !!! I will never buy any other ones . It is so reasonably priced -LRB- Although I found it cheaper at Walmart -RRB- . I always thought that the more expensive and the more sophisticated the pencil sharpener the better , not until my son suggested it to me to buy this one simply because he uses it at his school and said that it was excellent for sharpening pencils . I took his advise and bought it , and I was re-educated by the simplicity of this sharpener with its exceptional ease and result . Your pencils will never break again while sharpening and they will always come out as sharp as the needle 's point . I will use no other sharpeners after finding this little gem !
 This is a nice sharpener . I consider it an upgrade over the little hand held sharpeners . It puts a nice point on pencils like you remember from grade school sharpeners . It is NOT a heavy duty sharpener . The package indicates it is suitable for moderate use on the light , moderate , heavy scale . I 'd say it is light . If you have a few kids at home or just for personal use , it should be fine . If you want a heavy duty sharpener figure on spending more than $ 10 for a sharpener .
 How I love this sharpener . It reminds me of when I was a kid in the classroom . I bought this because those little handheld ones always broke the tip off my pencils . The electric ones were too fancy for my needs . I just needed a good old-fashioned pencil sharpener , but I did n't want to mar any tables or walls . This one is vacuum mounted . What a vacuum it is . Just a flip of the lever is all it takes and that thing will not budge ! It is solid and works like the ones we had in school that were screwed down.Does it sharpen my pencils ? And how ! They do the job quickly and perfectly . No more broken lead for me!I store this in my desk , where it gets banged around a lot . Maybe I should n't do that . I do n't know what I 'd do if it broke and it 's no longer available . Still , it 's held up , no loose parts , no broken plastic . For basic pencil sharpening needs , this pencil sharpener fits the bill . ________________________ UPDATE
 Got this for my high school classroom since someone jammed my electric one and could n't afford another one . The first couple weeks it kept popping off and even fell and broke :-LRB- but I super glued it back together and my husband suggested licking the bottom before applying the suction cups . Although I refused to lick it I did get the bottom wet and it has n't moved at all in the last month and it gets used all of the time.I am happy with it . It seems to sharpen well and more evenly then my electric sharpener . I would have given it 5 stars if I had n't already broken it and super glued it back together -LRB- at least it popped open on the `` seam '' so it was a clean break and easy fix . -RRB- My biggest tip is to make sure that if you want it to stick to a surface though that the suction part on the bottom is wet before using the little lever to apply pressure . That would solve a lot of the bad reviews on here ! Hope this helps!p.s . I also bought a pocket sharpener that I love if you need a smaller one . It is great ... and it does n't leak sharpener fillings all over ! Definitely worth a few bucks ! I even bought one for my son 's teacher who needed a new little one!Maped Clean Sharpener , 2-Hole Pencil Sharpener , Assorted Colors -LRB- 030210US -RRB-
 I bought a pink model of this pencil sharpener more than two years at a back-to-school sale and have used it ... a lot . I love the portability and it was a thrifty price -LRB- $ 7.95 , I believe at that time -RRB- , which is always important to me . That being said , I would also say it will not take the wear and tear of a regular schoolroom where a more expensive , permanently mounted , metal casing sharpener should be , but is great for the home or a small office . As for the vacuum mount , it works better if both surfaces are clean , and even a bit damp . This little sharpener is definitely is not a durable as I would like to be and the back of the plastic shavings holder did finally separate recently , but it also was easily mended with super glue , saving me from purchasing another one . I have noticed the gears are wearing some , but when they do finally wear beyond use , I would buy this same model in a heartbeat , because it is exactly what suits my needs .
 I bought this pencil sharpener because I was tired of spending $ 25 and $ 50 on faulty electric sharpeners . This one has worked out really well for us . It sharpeners new pencils in less than half the time my electric sharpeners do.The only downfall is the `` vacuum seal '' does n't quite work as well as it should . It pops up every 10 or so pencils . But , for less than $ 10 , I really can not complain . I tend to sharpen them all instead of letting the kids do it to try and prevent it from popping off . The good news it , it takes 3 seconds to put it back on = -RRB-
 In the past I have purchased several electric , battery , etc. pencil sharpeners and they all broke after a few uses . This X-Acto 1182 Manual sharpener is your basic kid like pencil sharpener . It works great , wish I would have bought this years ago in the first place . Good suction , great sharpening . I now have a desk drawer filled with pointy pencils .
 I have had this sharpener for over a year and have had no problems . It it used daily by my 10yr old and teenager .
 Bought this to replace the same one . The outer plastic `` box '' broke probably due to constant use . I would have just replaced this piece if it was sold separately.It is a basic sharpener . No problems with it not sharpening the pencils correctly . Worth it for the money spent .
 I love this pencil sharpener and I 'm not sure why there are so many bad reviews . I have had this sharpener for two years and it sharpens much better than my electric sharpener . I am an art teacher and I sharpen pencils each week for 100 children , so the pencils are ready to use when they come to class . The only reason I did not give it 5 stars is because the suction does come loose after I have sharpened about six pencils and then I need to re-suction it . I 'm going to try wetting it as the other review suggested and that may solve that issue . I am ordering another one today for my home use because I 'm tired of taking this one back and forth to work .
 This really works . I have electrical one that does n't work well . This one really sharpens my pencils perfectly every time . The suction cup on the bottom works well . I am extremely satisfied w / my purchase . A great product !
 I recently bought this from a brick & mortar store and I am loving it . It works great . The suction cup mounts perfectly to my granite countertops in the kitchen . It sharpens my kids ' pencils quickly and easily . It 's a great sharpener .
 I was nervous about buying this model , having read all of the negative reviews , but this is the best model that our office supplier could get . I have to say that I was pleasantly surprised . The blades are sharp and did an excellent job . It sharpens a hair off center , but not enough to impact the writing tip . Also , I do n't see any obvious problems with the way it was built.I 've only had it for a few hours , so I ca n't comment on durability . I 'm happy !
 This sharpener is AWESOME ! I 've had experiences with cheap hand-helds , and with electric sharpeners ; the cheap ones break the lead 75 % of the time , and the electric ones do n't always do a great job and can be a mess . However , I decided that I would try out one of the vacuum mounted manual sharpeners and I was very impressed.This sharpener makes very smooth cuts , and the lead has n't broken on any of the pencils that I 've sharpened with it.I 've got to say that once you rotate the vacuum lever , it 's not going anywhere ! It is very clean , and the shavings container is very easy to remove , empty , and put back on without making any mess . For this sharpener , you could say that you do n't have to spend a ton of money to get high quality performance and results . I would definitely recommend this to anyone who needs an inexpensive sharpener that does a fantastic job every time .
 This is a great sharpener . The vacuum base holds it securely , and the sharpener gives you a great point . I have never had any problem with the blade being one sided and sharpening unevenly . Even though it has only one blade it revolves around the pencil cutting evenly as it goes . If your point still has wood on it to the tip then that means your using crappy pencils that do n't have the lead centered in the wood properly .
 This simple pencil sharpener performs well . It is quick to sharpen , holds to most surfaces and comes apart easily . Highly recommended for people who do n't want to attach a traditional pencil sharpener to one spot .
 Use this as an OT with kids in school . Better suction on the new model . Still not made of metal excepet for the sharpener but a good bang for its buck .
 I first bought this sharpener at Staples for a fair price . It works GREAT !! You do n't need to drill into a wall or flat surface of any kind . The vacuum on the bottom makes it hold on very well on tile/glass/counter-top surfaces for extended periods of time . It also works well on other flat surfaces . My favorite part however is how quickly and well it sharpens . 2 or 3 turns of the handle and a dull pencil is extremely sharp and pointed . As I moved on to college I was in need of a sharpener and I decided to order online from Amazon and as always it arrived on time . I works just as great as the one back home but a a better price !
 if your looking for a pencil sharpener that works good and is safe around the house ca n't go wrong . plastic seems fragile but you ca n't complain for the price .
 Old school pencil sharpener like the ones I used in school 30 years ago . Works like a charm . Pencils comes out sharp and ready to use without led snapping or falling apart . You know how the lead always seems to break off and get stuck in the cheaper portable sharpeners . No worry with this bad boy . The suction feature works really well on smooth surfaces . If you have kids in school this is a must have .
 The vacuum for this item is actually fantastic . Turn the lever and this sharpener adheres to my counters like a screwed in model ... however the sharpener , while easy to turn does tend to leave a small area unshaven . this is can usually be remedied by allowing the pencil to turn as you sharpen but not always . I do n't regret buying this model , but given the chance again i would get a model with 2 fixed sharpener blades inside rather than the one rotating blade .
 Right away `` I '' was in control . Sharpener stays out of sight until needed ; its placement is mine to decide on any flat surface -- not dictated by an electrical outlet and/or no batteries to replace -LRB- making it totally GREEN -RRB- ; AND I get exercise walking to it 's designated drawer , flipping the suction lever , as well as by turning its handle . A must-have for all energy and health conscious households .
 I purchased this phone as an inexpensive replacement for one that I used at school , and found that it functioned adequately . However , the only problem with this telephone is the battery cover . The screw that holds the cover in place makes the Caller ID feature a bit of a hassle because it is too small and of poor quality . Removing the battery cover meant nearly stripping the screw . Aside from this concern , the phone works well . Perhaps Amazon.com should consider testing their products for quality purposes rather forcing themselves and their customers into taking a gamble on questionable merchandise .
 This phone is very good for the price . I bought this phone for someone else , this is the 2nd . time I 've bought this phone . The first time I bought this phone it was $ 39.99 in Staples . Everyone should have a corded phone as a back up if the power fails or power failure in your home.The manufacture has this phone listed as white , but the phone is a beige . That 's the only fault I 've found with this phone .
 This phone has no mute button , which made it absolutely useless for the application intended . I would not recommend if you need this option , otherwise , the phone was very nice .
 Phone works fine . I like the one touch memory buttons . They would be better if there was more room to put name on each button .
 Received item in 3 days , great price -LRB- best I could find -RRB- and with free shipping and no tax it was a no-brainer ...
 I love this phone , have three of them , easy to read , simple to use , can see caller ID easily . Have two on desks , one on the wall . They have worked for 9 months now .
 Corded phones with features are becoming harder to find now-a-days . My home needed one corded phone for sure fire communications during power outages , mobile phone down for whatever reason , etc. . This is one of the few corded phones with caller ID and no answering machine built in . The greatest feature of this phone is it has a HOLD button so one can place a call on hold while one gets high tech cordless , etc. . Also with the built in speaker phone this phone is great in the kitchen . Highly recommend this for your one corded phone in the house !
 Easy to set up and works fine . Would buy again . Recommended to several of my friends - especially those with hearing problems .
 We purchased these folders to give to our new patients at our Orthodontic Practice . We used a clear label to place our logo on the front of the folder . Makes for a very professional look . This is a good , thick folder . Not flimsy . Very happy with this purchase and will purchase again in the future .
 nice color , sturdy folder . I use them for my client materials and they are very high quality looking . They show fingerprints but that would be the case with any shiny folder .
 These two pocket portfolios are some of the best I have seen . I was getting them at Staples , but these are so much better !
 I bought these because I previously used a similar black laminated folder product I had purchased at Staples or Office Max -LRB- I believe they were DUO-Tang brand -RRB- . When I went back to get replacements , the only folders either store had were folders with their logo on them -LRB- `` Staples '' or `` Office Max '' branding was on the folders -RRB- . For some reason , that bothered me a lot . I did n't want to give my clients folders with the store 's marketing on them . They are great stores , but I felt it made the otherwise nice folders seem cheap and therefore cheapened the image and message I was trying to portray with the laminated black glossy folder in the first place.I found these online and they looked perfect . These also have a logo on the back , but it is the Oxford logo , which is about .5 '' x 1.125 '' . Since it is lightly embossed into the folder and has no color to it , it is more like a watermark than a statement . It is hardly visible , and it does n't bother me as much as having the store 's branding on them .
 Love the product . Great value . Fast delivery . We will definitely be buying more of these . We use them for Media Kits and get many compliments on how nice they look . A great first impression is what we were after and we are very happy with the results .
 My fiance uses this as a mini flashlight , when he shuts down the lights for bedtime . The red laser light and the white light are both pretty bright . The pen is n't bad , and it is handy to have everything all together .
 I use this for my 2 son 's pencils ... . maybe 20 every month . That 's not alot , but I have to say I tried a battery style , and it 's slow and cut uneven ; and the batteries would wear out quickly . I tried the smaller electric sharpener for about $ 20 bucks , because I refused to pay over $ 40 to sharpen pencils . That one cut pencils unevenly and you had to force the pencil in to get a cut , and it was never cut even . So I bought a smaller Xacto , and it seemed to work ok , but was slow and you had to push hard to get a nice even cut . So my kid broke that by trying to sharpent the eraser side of the pencil.So I broke down and bought this sharpener . I have spent about $ 100 now to find out that i should have gotten this to begin with . It 's big , but it 's not that big . The tray is a medium size . It cost about $ 40 and it has a big motor . All I can say is that this is the mother of all sharpeners . For the home , it is perfect . I can cut a pencil to a perfect even point in about 31/2 seconds ; everytime . I had to come to grips , that my kids will be in school for many years , and I should have just gotten this to begin with.I would have to imagine that any sharpener at this price point could do the same job . The nice thing about this is that although it seems like it eats pencils , it dose n't ; once the point was cut , I measured it with an uncut pencil , and they are the same size . It does not eat the pencil , the blade just eats the sides of the pencil to make the point real fast , that 's all . You know when to take it out because there is resistance when you try to push it further . I figured this out on my second pencil . It only has one blade , I wanted two blades , but somehow it cuts evenly as long as you push it until you feel that `` pressure '' . Yes , it 's just a pencil sharpener . . who knew it would be this complicated .
 I bought this mostly to help our young kids sharpen pencils for school work and other activities . So far , after 2 months , I 'm very happy with the purchase . It is much easier for the kids to use than our older hand-crank version , and gives a much better and more consistent point . There was no set-up required other than taking it out of the box and plugging it in . It has been very reliable , and seems sturdy enough to handle our needs for many years . Time will tell , but at this point it 's thumbs up and a 5-star purchase . I wish I would have bought it years ago .
 Absolutely Perfect , I was concern about the X-Acto brand . But it is absolutely GOOD . I 'm a elementary teacher and it had woks perfect for my class .
 Being a middle school teacher , I have gone through a number of sharpeners . Students will burn through a cheap sharpener in a matter of weeks . This is the only one that has ever stood the test of time . I am sure part of that is the very simple , effective design . There are not alot of extra parts to break . The very powerful motor makes short work of pencils . A brand new pencil can be razor sharp in about 2 seconds . Highly recommended for any classroom teacher , or any place where it will get alot of constant use .
 As mentioned by the other reviewers , I had also gone through the toil of spending my time , energy and money on various sharpeners . But now it looks like I am settled with this one . It sharpens good with a fine point . But some of the cheap pencils do not get evenly sharpened the first time . You have to turn the pencil and try it out a couple of times . But good pencils like paper-mate comes out with an evenly sharpened tip . There is no auto stop when the sharpening is done . But you 'll get used to taking the pencil out within a few seconds to check for its completion .
 I got tired of cheaper sharpeners for my classroom , as they always overheated and never lasted . This one is great . Literally chews through the task with speed and never complains . Best purchase I 've made in a long time , or at least that 's what the students say .
 So far so good . Sharpens fast and even . Seems extremely heavy duty . But if you use it a lot , empty often . When it gets full , it 's a little tricky pulling the shavings tray out because the pile mounds up unevenly and acts as a wedge . Once you get it dislodged , there are many crevices inside that collect shavings . You need to do a lot of shaking and a little digging in several places to get the inside totally shavings free . I really like the sharpener ; I just need to empty it more often .
 I bought six of these for the teachers and my sons elementary school . They were in need of some good electric sharpeners since most of them get a lot of use during the day . It 's been about a month and so far every teacher has been very happy with its performance .
 The product works better than any pencil sharpener I have purchased in the past . $ 50 seems a lot for a pencil sharpener , but if it continues to last -LRB- had it for about 4 months -RRB- I guess it will be worth it .
 As a teacher , I wanted a pencil sharpener that was going to sharpen consistently and last for a while . When it comes to buying an electric pencil sharpener , it seems to be a big gamble no matter which one you go with . After looking at several brands in different price ranges , I settled on this particular sharpener . So far it has sharpened consistently . I have sharpened over 500 pencils and every pencil sharpens to a nice fine point . The only drawback with this sharpener that I have found is the shavings collector has to be emptied after about 10 to 15 new unsharpened pencils . Other than that , I have been super pleased with my purchase . Based on previous experience with electric pencil sharpeners , I ca n't give it 5 stars until I see how long it is going to last .
 I 'm taking an art class for grad school and needed a nicer sharpener . Had two cheap ones I hated . The reviews seem to heavily favor a couple of Panasonic models , but nobody seems to have them in stock . The next highest rated sharpener was this one , and it had a couple positive reviews , so I ordered it.Pros : Weight
 I was a little hesitant to go with this brand as I had never heard of it . Also , at the the time of purchase , this product had only 9 reviews , although all were largely positive.However , after reading `` Truth and Justice 's '' review , I decided to try this one out . The sharpener is everything he/she said it was . By far , this is the most powerful sharpener I have ever used in my life and I have been in numerous office environments.To address the complaint of one reviewer that the sharpener eats the entire pencil , let me explain my experience . I just got through a stack of about 30 pencils and my experience is this is dependent on the brand/quality of the pencil . For most pencils , this was not a problem at all and the sharpening came to a natural conclusion.For a few varieties , it did eat up a lot of pencil , but i realized after a while that the pencils were sharpened long before and I did not always need to get that sense of completion . I would just take the pencil out after a few seconds . As I mentioned previously , this thing is a machine , and if you keep the pencil in there , it will keep sharpening it until you have nothing left . I view this as part of the positive experience.I highly recommend this unit .
 So far this has been an awesome pencil sharpner . I received it quickly . Most important it is durable , when I first received it all my kids were excited to use it . And of course one of them put the eraser end in first ... but I was able to pull out the metal piece and it works just fine . Worth the money , wish I would have bought this before I bought the others .
 I teach 1st grade and we go through lots of pencils a day . I have had 2 other electric sharpeners and was tired of one side of the pencil never getting sharp enough to expose the whole lead at the end . Kids were picking at the wood all the time trying to get their pencils to work . I researched pencil sharpeners and relied mostly on reviews so I wanted to let all the teachers out there know , this sharpener is my favorite . It is quick and pencils are sharp all the way around and life in 1st grade is all good !!
 When I was a kid , we had a boston electric pencil sharpener.So you can imagine my happiness/surprise when I saw `` Xacto by Boston '' on the box . I felt better about my purchase already , because Xacto means nothing to me , really , as far as pencil sharpeners go . Seeing as how I had just spent a small fortune on a pencil sharpener , I needed something to make me feel better but I had already gone through several manual and one battery powered sharpener and I really needed something as good as the ol' Boston we had when I was a child.Other interesting details from the box :1 -RRB- This supposedly has a receptacle size 7 . The largest is a 10.2 -RRB- On a scale of 1 to 4 , this one is rated for `` heavy '' use -LRB- a 3 -RRB- . The only higher usage is `` continuous '' -LRB- a 4 -RRB- .3 -RRB- It has a whopping 2 year guarantee .4 -RRB- The box also says `` Auto-reset prevents motor burnout '' . we already used this feature . My kids sharpened about 50 pencils IN A ROW . it was soooo satisfying for them to see a perfectly sharpened pencil emerge each and every time they sharpened -LRB- even my wife 's friend came by and wanted to sharpen a few -RRB- . But , they overheated the poor sharpener . it stopped running . Sho nuff , the next day after it had cooled down it was ready for action again!Overall , i have to say I was VERY unhappy to spend $ 40 to get a good sharpener , but this one has every indication of lasting a long , long , time.I would rate this a definite BUY , once you gag down the almost $ 40 price tag . I wish I had bought it to begin with !
 Although I normally would not pay so much for a pencil sharpener I am glad I did . This is my third electric pencil sharpener and so far my favorite . It is truly a heavy-duty pencil sharpener and sharpens pencils easily and to a fine point . Great purchase and worth every penny .
 I tend to go through a pencil sharpener every year . I bought two of these , one two years ago , one this year . Both are still working . Every other pencil sharpener has burned out.The main benefit is the motor on this sharpener seems nearly indestructible . One reason it may be has a very conservative overheating sensor that shuts it off . The downside of this is that it will only sharpen about 40-50 pencils in a row . The upside is the motor does not seem to burn out.After two years of use the only issue I have is the blades are dull . Sometimes this means that a pencil will get chewed up . It is not a big issue for day to day sharpening.The only other downside is that the sharpener has a very small debris receptacle . This means it must be emptied often . This is just something I have deal with . I bought other pencil sharpeners , such as the big Exacto , because they had bigger bins , but these failed in less than a year . I can live with a small bin if the motor does not fail .
 My kids love to draw w / colored pencils and I end up being the designated pencil sharpening daddy . After going through so many cheap pencil sharpeners , I am so glad I spent the extra money to buy this heavy duty sharpener . It works AWESOME and I am confident that it is the last sharpener I am going to need to buy . Spend the extra money - you wo n't regret it .
 I 've purchased different sharpeners for my class . I need a heavy duty one for the amount of sharpening I do . This is , hands down , the best ever ! The suction cups could be stronger , but I just hold as I sharpen . It 's worth it !
 This electric pencil sharpener can stand up to 150 6th graders wielding pencils ! I have ordered 6 pencil sharpeners last year and I finally found Eureka !! The X-Acto 1744 Heavy-duty Pencil sharpener is Reliable , durable and and does n't need to be emptied quite as much as other sharpeners !!
 I rarely trust those reviews that start off with , `` Well , I 've owned this item for two days now and never had a problem ... '' Two days ? What about two weeks ? Or two months ? This powerhouse has now been in my classroom for a year and a half , and the only problem I have ever had with it is when I forget to empty the shavings often enough . Teachers bring their classes from other rooms to use this sucker . Not only is it the most durable sharpener I have ever had , but it may also be the fastest . I will admit it is not the quietest , but the fact that it takes less time to sharpen pencils means that , overall , it is less disruptive than the other clunkers my kiddies have chewed through in past years . After the success I 've had with it , I am now coming back to buy one for my wife 's classroom as well . Hopefully I 'll be back to write another review next year !
 Purchased this a couple years ago for home use and it still works great . I 've tried other inexpensive electric sharpener and they did n't last . This is durable and heavy duty .
 I was a little hesitant with the price , but decided to give it a try . I have been nothing but happy with the overall performance and the price fits ! This is truely the best sharpener I have used !
 This pencil sharpener might cost a little bit more than you were planning to spend , but it 's worth it . I promise you will never regret the price . Every time I put my pencil in this sharpener , I am glad I spent a few extra dollars . It is the Cadillac of Pencil Sharpeners .
 I use pencils all day long and sharpening is important to me.I Love this sharpener and will be ordering more.It sharpens the pencil to a perfect point.The unit is very powerful.Like another user stated , It does have suction cup feet . I actually like these , but I could see why someone else may not.I tried other sharpeners . This wins hands down and the price is right .
 This is a great pencil sharpener . I bought it for use in my school office and it sharpens pencils quickly and with a good point . Not too loud . Definitely worth the money .
 I bought this two months ago and it has worked great . I have had a couple of cheaper ones in the past that did n't compare to the durability of this one . You get what you pay for . My seven year old son uses it for his homework pencils and it always works quick and leaves a perfect point without making too much noise . It is worth the money .
 We bought the X-ACTO Power3 after our Panasonic sharpener died on us after about 3 years . The Power3 is louder than the Panasonic , but it sharpens pencils faster and the points are super sharp ! I am satisfied with this purchase and would recommend it .
 Very nice , and quiet , and gives a nice point to the pencil . I love how smoothly it spins . MAKE SURE YOU GET TWO GRINDERS - THIS ONE HAS TWO AND THAT IS WHY IT OPERATES SO SMOOTH AND BALANCED . I would recommend this exact sharpener , but if you get another , be sure to get the dual grinders . This is a nice looking unit , and also feels very durable and hefty .
 As a teacher who has struggled with noisy , underperforming sharpeners in the classroom for years , this is truly a gift to education . It does the job quickly , well , and reasonably quietly . It 's a gem .
 I had another pencil sharpener just like this one I got from my dad 's old office and have been using it for the past 40 + years until if FINALLY died . This one feels like the same quality and will hopefully last another 40 + years ! Only note that does n't really bother me , but may to some is that the sharpener creates long points and has a longer entry so it is n't good for short pencils .
 Hello , After investing money in other sharpeners , and recently owning one which i thought was a good one , and paying $ 30.00 - 40.00 for it , after a year of non-excessive use in sharpening pencils , -LRB- It Died -RRB- ... So , I did some research by going to Officemax and asking questions to a sales person about certain ones , he suggested to just get a hand sharpener ... NOT ... I have 3-boys that are in school , and need atleast 30 pencils for each of them to get the year going , a hand sharpener was out of the question . At any rate , went on ebay to look at the more expensive ones to get an idea on what might be good . Then came on Amazon and came across this one and read the positive reviews and had to purchase it through Amazon , especially since the price was not to bad seeing is I paid the same amount for my crummy one that died and took atleast 3 minutes to sharpen one pencil . Just received the sharpener today , took it out of the package , got a pencil and expected to stand there for a few minutes sharpening , to my surprise , it took literally between -LRB- 3-5 seconds -RRB- , exactly what I was looking for !!!! Maybe this will die in a year like the other sharpeners , hopefully not ... But atleast for now I am thrilled I can get the job done in a fraction of the time ... Very pleased ...
 Bought this in March and use it in my elementary classroom . I do n't let the students use it so that it will last longer . Can sharpen enough pencils for entire class at one time . However , sometimes pencils are sharpened lopsided , so I have to turn the pencil while it 's sharpening . Sharpens each pencil pretty quickly without too much noise . Sharpeners are so expensive elsewhere . This is a good purchase for me so far .
 This sharpener performs as expected , sharp points , long taper to the point and rapid operation like the good Hunt and Boston sharpeners of years long past . I hope this sharpener lasts a long time .
 We have had many different pencil sharpeners and have never had one as quiet or as fast and accurate as this one.If I ever need another sharpener it will be one of these . Great Product !
 On fatter pencils , you have to do a little bit at a time ; pull the pencil out and stick it back in , back & forth quickly . A smaller pencil , you can just hold in until its done . Our experience anyway .
 I 've had this one for about 3 weeks now and so far , it is really good . It is quiet , sturdy , and quick . I can not speak to its durability at this point , but my first impression is favorable .
 This pencil sharper sharps pencils fast and they have a great point to write with .
 I 'm an art teacher in a Brooklyn high school and the Xacto 1744 replaces an old Boston heavy duty . I paid over $ 100 for it over ten years ago . After about a month of pretty heavy use , the Xacto is doing a fine job , but it loses a star because it is a lot less substantial than the Boston sharpener . I doubt I 'll get ten years out of this one , but then again , it was less than half the price of the old one . If I remember , I 'll post another review in about six months .
 I bought these for 3 grade school classrooms . The `` thank you notes '' from the teachers and students are all very favorable .
 Overall , it 's a durable product in terms of the way it 's built . When sharpening it , you have to quickly sharpen and remove it . Otherwise , half your pencil will be gone before you know it . All in all , I 'm glad I made this purchase and would highly recommend it to anyone !!
 Recently bought this to use in my art classroom . Love it so much , I do n't want to take it to school . Makes an incredibly sharp point on graphite pencils.Doesn ' t sharpen colored pencils as well as graphite , but I usually sharpen colored pencils by hand anyway .
 We had bought this same machine for our daughter/son-in-law for use primarily by their four home schooled youngsters . The youngest -LRB- precocious fella -RRB- looked around for the pencil sharpener this X-Acto 1744 Heavy-Duty replaced and asked
 I teach first grade and really wanted a pencil sharpener that would quickly sharpen about 40 - 50 pencils a day . This sharpener will do it , but it is veryloud for a classroom setting . Also , the pencil point is not as long as I would like . The children will sometimes start with this sharpener and then use a smaller electric sharpener to finish the point .
 We had a Panasonic Sharpener for many years , and when it needed replacement I thought I 'd get another Panasonic . Well , the only good one was WAY TOO MUCH money , and this was the next best rated sharpener . It 's working fine and as long as you listen as you sharpen your pencils you will not over-sharpen them . Satisfied and hope to get many years from this item .
 I do not like to keep buying same kind of products for one purpose such as pencil sharpener . So far , I have bought 5 different brands of pencil sharpeners . Most other electric pencil sharpeners have weak and fragile motor . I bought this product 5 months ago . I am so happy with this purchase because this sharpener has heavy-duty powered motor . In addition , this has auto sensor to stop the motor when the small debris receptacle bin is full.I can give 4 stars because the debris receptacle bin is too small and I have only 5 month experience with this product .
 I am an art teacher in a K-8 school who typically sharpens a hundred or more pencils a day , including large quantities of colored pencils . This sharpener is heads and shoulders above the model that my school orders -LRB- another x-acto that costs about the same as this ! -RRB- . I must say that I really abused mine -- it suffered a couple of hard drops to the floor and I busted the tray that holds the shavings -LRB- be careful to empty that regularly , it gets stuck if you let it overfill -RRB- . It sharpens extremely well -- very quickly and evenly . After about 31/2 months it is starting to break down -- pencils are sharpening asymmetrically , points are breaking off -- but that is much better than the other models I have tried . If I were using it under normal classroom/office conditions and had been gentler it would 've probably held out considerably longer.Update
 After spending money on supposedly good sharpeners that did n't work very well , I opted for this heavy duty sharpener . Unlike other models , this machine sharpens evenly . It 's quiet and quick . I 'm very happy with it and would recommend it to anyone .
 This electric pencil sharpener is a great addition to the classroom . However , the plastic case where the shavings drop can be easily damaged or broken . Be sure to empty the sharpener frequently to avoid this . Otherwise a great sharpener to have in the classroom .
 OMG !!! This is a super deal and an awesome pencil sharpener . We recieved this product super quick and brand spanking new !!! When I plugged it in and sharpened the first pencil . I thought , `` Where have you been ? '' I love it and I want to sharpen all pencils !!! Prime is an awesome deal to have and so this product was shipped free of charge .
 I only have two kids in school so far -LRB- 2 more will be in a few years -RRB- but we were already tired of sharpening so many pencils . I wanted a heavy duty , sturdy sharpener that will last years and I think I got just that in this sharpener . It quickly sharpens to a super fine point . Sure , it does n't have an auto-off feature , but after a couple seconds the pencil does n't go any further and you know it 's done . We now have a healthy supply of sharpened pencils .
 This baby has lasted 6 months so far with continued usage . Much better than ones previously purchased at Staples . Was looking for one to match an old Panasonic but this has a lot of power .
 This X-Acto sharpener really is a heavy duty sharpener . Unlike many of the `` heavy duty '' sharpeners I 've had this one sharpens the pencils quickly andeffortlessly .
 This product works great ! I 'm glad I bought it and suggest others buy this too for their classrooms . It works fast and does n't overheat like past products I 've used .
 Powerfull ! Effortlessly sharpens a new pencil to a fine point in just 5 seconds . Does not `` eat '' or waste the pencil . The only minor complaint is that the shavings tray is not as big as you would think for a sharpener of this size , but still its the best electric pencil sharpener I 've ever owned .
 X-Acto 1744 Heavy-Duty Electric Pencil Sharpener , Black , 1 Unit.i purchased this sharpener feb 2010 for about 40 bucks . it was a little more expensive than i would have liked , but i needed a strong and dependable sharpener for my classroom . i have used this sharpener for over 360 days -LRB- 2 school years -RRB- ... i have not let my students use it , rather , i just sharpen tons of pencils and let them use what is in the basket . . it started out incredibly awesome . it sharpened quickly and quietly . whole class sets of pencils were sharpened in a matter of minutes for testing ... my neighboring teachers would bring their pencils in to use it as well ... i read a lot of reviews and it seems that the `` cheap '' pencils with the plastic layer of decorations contribute a lot to the breakdown of the motor , but i still sadly put them through my sharpener ... i would say i noticed some change in it after i did it . . so if possible , i would recommend not to use those pencils in a valued sharpener.a few months ago , part of the shaving holder broke off and i had to glue it back together , i didnt realize that since it was all one piece , the hole that guides the pencils into the sharpener is slightly not aligned to where it should be since i didnt glue the part back on perfectly ... so , now , its a little more difficult to get sharpened pencils , since i have to fidget with it a bit and hold it at just the right anglebut i find myself willing to purchase this same product again ... while it is more than i prefer to spend , it has made my life soo much easier as a teacher to get pencils sharpened !
 Amazing ! I teach elementary school , and have gone through many electric pencil sharpeners in the past . This is by far , the BEST pencil sharpener I 've tried ! It sharpens dull pencils in about 2 seconds -LRB- to a very sharp point -RRB- , and new pencils in about 5 seconds . My kids were amazed too ! Great buy !
 The case is much bulkier than my parent 's 25 year old `` Boston '' electric sharpner which was very similar to this.They bought the `` made in US '' model for 1/2 the price , but this model also connected to `` Boston '' is made in China like everything else these days , so the expected lifespan will be far less.The actual blades are recessed very deep on this model compared to the old Boston I was using - you lose about 1/3 life of each pencil as you can not sharpen a pencil shorter than 4 '' : - -LRB- Other than this , the sharpner does a pretty good job in the short time I 've used it - it feels heavy & sturdy .
 my students killed my other sharpeners with crayons , paper and other items . this one is still doing the job without a blink so far .
 The pencil sharpener was a Christmas gift for my daughter , she uses it almost everyday day , it 's very durable and heavy duty !! She has sharpend every pencil in the house about 10 times !! I remember when I was school all the teachers has these pencil sharpeners in their rooms , so that has to stand for something !! This product will last for years there 's no doubt about it !! It 's very well made !! I would highly reccomend this product !!
 This sharpener is very sturdy and worked well until my Son sharpened a crayola color pencil . My son wanted this particular X-Acto sharpener because his 4th grade class teacher has the same thing in their classroom and he said it works well and they sharpen even color pencils . When we tried it at home the crayola color pencil nib got stuck in the sharpener and it stopped working . It sharpened other pencils extremely well and without breaking or shortening it too much . The manual says not to use pencils with soft , waxy nibs . I did not see that until after it stopped working ! So be warned and yes it 's my fault for not reading the directions before using this.We put a regular pencil sort of half way in to get the the motor running and the sharpener cleaned out the stuck nib and it 's working fine again . It is a good buy and I would recommend it .
 I ordered my X-Acto Heavy Duty Pencil Sharpener about two months ago , and it is wonderful ! I use it at least five days a week to sharpen at least ten pencils at a time , and it gets them VERY sharp very quickly . It has not broken or malfunctioned in any way . It is a good size for a college dorm desk -LRB- I am a college student -RRB- and is easily accessible from a cubby as well . Also , I have only had to empty it once in these last two months , so the shredded storage drawer is a good size . I would recommend this product for anyone looking for a simple , functional , low maintenance sharpener .
 This is an excellent product and the service was terrific ... it came the very next day ! Can not believe how well it sharpens pencils ! gws
 This adhesive tape works soooo well . Much more economical to use this tape with a tape gun than to keep buying the little dotty tape dispensers . The tape gun is worth the investment , if you are really into card making and other paper crafting .
 Great product , great service ... arrived as expected . I have been using this product for my photo canvas business -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- to put a nice dust cover on the back of the framed canvas ' .
 I use this product without the dispenser . It seals paper on the back of the frames and is a good product .
 I purchased this along with the ATG dispenser primarily for use in mounting flat paper for stationery projects . However , the first project I tackled with it was a set of paper chains -LRB- like elementary school students make -RRB- made with glittery scrapbook paper . The chains went together easily and quickly , but almost as soon as I hung them , the links started to pop open . I have mended them twice , but they continue to come unglued . It could be due to the tension on the chains or to the glittery surface on the paper , but there is clearly a limit to the power of this adhesive .
 My favorite tool is my ATG Tape Gun . This tape refill is at a great price and lasts thru lots of card/album/what ever-I-feel-like-making construction . Does n't bind up , easy to load .
 The reviews of I 've read of modern electric pencil sharpeners suggest that they are n't up to the standards of my parents ' old Panasonic , so I 'm relieved that , so far , this X-Acto sharpener seems to be doing very well at its job . It 's getting pencils extremely sharp . Our main complaint so far is that the drawer for pencil shavings sticks pretty badly , which could conceivably lead to incidents with shavings going everywhere . Other than that , no problems yet !
 This sharpener is good , not great , but probably right for the price . I sharpened a bunch of pencils in a row -LRB- we homeschool -RRB- and it ran smoothly about 90 % of the time . There were a few clunky starts , nothing dramatic but not perfect . Also , and this is the reason for the lack of stars ; the drawer is a bit of a pain . When you sharpen , of course there are shavings in the small drawer which is accessible right on the front , below the hole . Well , when you go to put the drawer back in , it 's a tiny bit of a struggle . There is a small plastic ` tube ' or offshoot in the back of the drawer and you have to line it up with a hole inside the machine . Because the drawer is a rather cheap plastic , as is the tube/offshoot , I had the feeling it would break if I let my kids use it . Decent length cord , about as noisy as any X-Acto electric sharpener .
 I ordered this to replace an older model from a different brand -LRB- a generic Chinese model , purchased at a local store -RRB- that 's a lot like this one . The problem with that one is that -LRB- at least now -RRB- it tends to shave things to one side unless you hold the pencil just right and sometimes when you do that it breaks the tip . Like this one , it had a single roller cutter , and as another reviewer mentioned , sometimes they seem to work just right and sometimes they do n't . So far this one works just fine , and I 've had no problems with it , but I 'll update if things change after a few more month 's of use . It 's a no-frills , no extras , basic electronic sharpener with a single roller cutter inside , a relatively quiet motor , and a tray for the wood shavings left behind . Every time I 've used it it gets the tip quite sharp , just like I want it . It 's got a bit of heft to it , unlike my older one which was fairly lightweight , and that means I can put a pencil in and hold it there with one hand while it sharpens , whereas with my older model I had to hold the pencil in one hand and hold the sharpener in the other . I would n't recommend this for the classroom as it 's not extremely fast , but it 's fast enough and just right for home use especially if you have school aged children who are expected to bring sharpened pencils to class every day .
 Very basic pencil sharpener that works exactly like I would expect it should . Cord is long enough to run behind a desk and plug in on a power strip on the floor . The unit is all black , no silver/grey color on the front as pictured in the stock photo . Also it has the product name on the front which is also not pictured on the stock photo . Easy to empty the shavings ; there is a small drawer on the front of the unit that slides open to dump them out . The drawer stays securely shut when you want it to , so even if you lean the sharpener forward , it wont accidentally slide open.Sharpens pencils fine . No lopsided sharpening or sharpening in a way that causes the lead to break inside and slide out . An adult finger will not fit into the sharpening hole , but small kids fingers could , so keep out of their reach.Great sharpener at a inexpensive price .
 I have been searching for a pencil sharpener that could keep up with my girls for some time . I knew I wanted one that was electric as opposed to battery operated . The last sharpener we had ran on batteries and I felt like we were constantly changing them . I also wanted one that had very sharp blades - where it would n't take forever to sharpen a single pencil . The X-Acto Sharpener has more than met our needs . I have three little girls that love to write and like to sharpen their pencils and colored pencils . This machines has gotten a workout since it came through the door and has kept up great . Even when the 4 year old stuck the eraser end of the pencil in the sharpener it was sturdy enough to handle it and keep right on trucking once we got the pencil in the right direction . A great sharpener that is more than able to keep up with our needs and wo n't run out of batteries .
 This sharpener is powerful and smooth , creating a very sharp , well-centered point . It also leaves a smoother wood finish than my other pencil sharpeners . It can sharpen a brand new pencil in less than 5 seconds ! In the few cases that the pencil tip is off-center -LRB- with too much wood on one side -RRB- , I just stuck the pencil back in , twisted it a little , and it came out fine.It plugs in -LRB- as opposed to batteries -RRB- and mine had a 4 ' 8 '' cord with a 2-prong plug . It takes standard diameter pencils only , and is n't recommended for `` crayons , chalk , or soft waxy pencils as they will clog your sharpener 's cutters . '' However , you can get at the blades through the waste receptacle opening if you need to clean them.The waste receptacle is plastic with a bar sticking out the back that triggers a switch inside the sharpener so it will only turn on with the receptacle in place . The receptacle is a complete bowl -LRB- unlike my other electric sharpener -RRB- so the shavings wo n't spill when you pull it out . These shavings are by far the finest of my several sharpeners - a fine dust that can electrostatically cling to the plastic receptacle -LRB- and innards of the sharpener -RRB- ! The warranty is 2 years on the `` cutter parts '' , 90 days one everything else -LRB- such as the plastic waste receptacle -RRB- . This will replace my battery-operatedStaples Battery Operated Pencil Sharpenerwhich took 4 AA batteries and had barely enough power to sharpen and stalled frequently.I also have a manualX-Acto Model KS Table - or Wall-Mount Pencil Sharpener -LRB- 1031 -RRB- , which can handle various pencil diameters , and which I recommend if you do n't want a powered model .
 I loved it , sharpens really well . Although It can be a little loud , I 'm very satisfied despite its price . I recommend this to everyone , especially for people who sharpens pencils about 10 times a day.P.S . It does n't sharpen when the sharpener is overheated so that it does n't explode or anything like that .
 X-Acto Electric Pencil Sharpener -LRB- 1818 -RRB- is a nice , sturdy , powerful pencil sharpener for both household and office use . It brings average sized pencils to a nice sharp point . This sharpener even works well on the cheap decorated pencils that often shred in other sharpeners . Works well on colored pencils as well.Because it is electric , the power and strength of the sharpener is always consistent . I far prefer electric sharpeners over battery powered ones.If you are looking for a straight-forward sharpener , I think you will be very happy with this one .
 As a classroom teacher I needed a pencil sharpener that was easy for students to use , made minimal noise when in use , and did the job ! This sharpener met all my criteria and I am very pleased I purchased it .
 Bought this as a gift for my son 's 3rd grade teacher . She loves it ! Does a great job sharpening the pencils !
 I have n't used this sharpener for long -LRB- since the beginning of December -RRB- , but it works wonderfully ! Some pencils sharpen better than other pencils , but this sharpener works lovely . A tip
 My wife uses this in her 4th Grade classroom . So far , the sharpener has worked as advertised . Time will tell how it holds up .
 Was n't sure what to expect with it costing only $ 20 . But , it sharpens great and we have n't had any issues !
 I liked it to the first sight . Small , fast and reliable.Would get stuck if you push the pencil forward , what I find that helps a lot because it protects the sharpener from damages.Great product .
 I use this mainly for 1-5 dull pencils at a time , but at the start of the school year , I am careful to not overheat the motor by sharpening more than 6 or so brand new pencils at a time . As long as it is used in moderation and emptied before the shavings get compacted around the blades , it works great . I would consider it for home use only , not the extended use that a classroom would bring .
 I have to admit I did n't think this would work as well as it does , but I was wrong . My concern that it may chew up my soft lead Berols ' , however it does an awesome job . . very pleased with this .
 As a middle school teacher , this sharpener is great ! It sharpens very quickly and quietly so we can get back to learning . To quote a student , `` whenever I need to sharpen my pencil , I am coming here ! ''
 Sharpens pencils in 3 seconds . That makes it 5 stars even though it is really noisy . Great for sharpening fast .
 It is the best home pencil sharpener I have ever had . Fast , very sharp point , and stops when finished sharpening .
 I am 8 years old and this is my fifth electric sharpener and it sharpens pencils very well . I have to say that I only got this pencil sharpener a couple days ago so that is why I only rated this sharpener 4 stars because I do n't know how long this sharpener will last . Also at first , I had trouble taking the thing that catches the shavings out . I love this sharpener and it does sharpen really well ! That is the end of my review .
 This sharpener gets the job done . It sharpens faster than any I have used before . It can be a tad loud , but because it is so fast you barely notice .
 This pencil sharpener -LRB- Hunt -LRB- R -RRB- Boston -LRB- R -RRB- 1800 Series Electric Sharpener -RRB- is indeed a good deal . I read about some negative feedbacks online saying that it is not powerful enough , so I hesitated a little bit before I bought it . However , it turned out that this pencil sharpener is really powerful , and sharps my pencil really well . It is even more powerful than my suitemate 's pencil sharpener bought from Staples with a higher price.I do n't know what can be a better pro for a pencil sharpener than its being powerful -- this is a great price , and great product .
 This product is quite durable . I was surprised at how heavy it actually was . We 've had cheaper ones before and they do n't last ; the motor slows the further the pencil goes in . Not the case with this little workhourse .
 I have an old one of these from 1993 . After all of these years , it still works perfectly . This sharpener has been through some heavy work -LRB- I used to sharpen pencils for my church -RRB- but always has managed to keep in top shape . I 've bought these as gifts for people because it 's always something you can use and is something that will last a good while . Noise-wise it 's not too bad , maybe not something you 'd want in your classroom during a test , but otherwise okay .
 Oh , the madness we used to live in before I bought an X-Acto Electric Pencil Sharpener.In those days , our four kids would sharpen new pencils using those handheld manual sharpeners that student stores sell for 89 cents , and would then relegate the pencils to a drawer once their graphite tips broke off . Over the years , this has led to quite an impressive collection of broken-tipped pencils . `` Oh , you need help with your math homework ? Let me just get a pencil . Got one ... nope . Got one ... nope . Got one ... nope . Got one ... nope . `` I finally grew frustrated enough to just order an electric sharpener . I chose the X-Acto model , based on price and reviews . We have not been disappointed . Now , this is not a top-of-the-line model because it does feel a bit flimsy , and when you insert a pencil too firmly into the sharpener the motor does slow down in protest , but it gets the job done every time.It gets . The job . Done.And now I have a drawer filled with sharp-tipped pencils , ready for eager young minds to use . Well , not the minds , per se , but fingers controlled by the mind . You know what I mean . And when those pencil points grow dull , my children know that our trusty X-Acto Electric Pencil Sharpener is there . That 's right
 Hi , I have a Boston pencil sharpener . I have had it for a year . My sister has one too . Both work great . I use it a lot and it still works . I really like it . It is a great buy for the money . X-acto pencil sharpeners are produced by the same company and I would buy that brand too .
 I had been using a small hand-twist pencil sharpener for a long time -- I do n't know why because I do pencil art and constantly hand-sharpening pencils certainly slowed my progress . Now all I do is stick the pencil in the hole and it 's instantly super-sharp . It works equally well on colored pencils , 2B pencils , 4F pencils , and all the others.I could n't do without it and I highly recommend it .
 Plugged it in , sharpened pencils well as you would expect.I have not figured out the `` over sharpening prevention '' feature . I was able to grind down a new pencil to half its size with no problem.Noticed that with `` ridged '' pencils -LRB- as opposed to round -RRB- sometimes catch on the sides of the hole when sharpening , as if the hole were a tiny bit too small . Maybe that 's a feature that prevents the pencil from turning while sharpening.Otherwise - it 's a good solid electric sharpener .
 This pencil sharpener by X-Acto definitely sharpens pencils well ; and I like that ! The power cord is relatively long which makes it easy to place it just about wherever on your desk you want it.However , it is a bit louder than I would have liked it to be . Therefore , this would n't be the best choice in quiet environments like libraries or school study halls . I also agree with other reviewers who note that the drawer that collects the shavings is somewhat tricky to re-insert after you 've cleaned it out ; you really have to line the drawer up just so in order for it to fit back in and I would have liked an easier time with this.Overall , it 's not that this pencil sharpener is actually bad ; the machine does do its job and the power cord is fairly long . However , it 's just not quite what I wanted . If you really want a fine pencil sharpener , keep looking and be prepared for the possibility that you may have to pay a little bit more for the pencil sharpener you want .
 I can sharpen a pencil within 3 - 7 seconds , and get it nice and pointy , without a wooden foreskin happening . You know what I 'm talking about . You sharpen with certain sharpeners , and there 's this long wooden piece that flaps over the lead , and makes it impossible to write with . The X-acto sharpener makes a nice , neat point that 's easy to write with . I sharpened -LRB- in a row -RRB- a whole box of pencils , with no problems.Only reason I 'm not rating this a full 5 stars is because the thing is / noisy / . And I mean really noisy . It also shakes a lot . Even though I 'm compelled to hold it down with my hands , it 's not necessary . However , because of how much it vibrates and shakes and noise-makes , I make sure to hold it down with my hands anyway .
 Pros : At about six by three inches , this corded pencil sharpener looks like an average office implement . Then you put the pencil in ... zoom ! This thing is fast . If you have a lot of sharpening to do , or you are just impatient , this one is for you . It will handle even the most difficult of pencils -- I broke a bunch in half before sharpening , and the X-Acto triumphed over them with aplomb . Besides being speedy , this sharpener brings each pencil to an amazingly fine point . If you like your pencils really REALLY sharp and fine , as I do , you 'll love it!Cons : Like all such pencil sharpeners , the X-Acto makes noise . Not inordinately much , but no less than average . Also , the point is SO fine that if you have a firm press when you write , you might find that the top of the tip snaps off when you begin writing . Not enough to need to sharpen it -- it does n't break , but such a fine point takes a light hand.All in all , a great pencil sharpener . Four Stars ! ****
 I was n't expecting much when I got this , due to a multitude of bad reviews but it turned out to be pretty damn good . Perhaps X-Acto has started churning out a newer version or fixed defects earlier reviewers had with this sharpener . I think this because the sharpener i have and the picture Amazon has is different ; as mine is all black . Anyways , here 's my thoughts on the performance : Pros : - Sharpens pencils quickly -LRB- ~ 5sec from new pencil to fully sharpened -RRB- - Does n't break the lead , even with cheap pencils-Has a nice long outlet cord to connect to the outlet.-Has a connector at the bottom to prevent sliding which is n't necessary really as its pretty heavy.-Looks pretty nice and high quality.Cons : - Occasionally , some pencils got sharpened so that one side was still slightly covered with the pencils wood . This doesnt happenoften but it its common enough that I took away a star.-Waste bin is somewhat tough to get out.If your trying to decide between electric or battery , I suggest an electric sharpener . I had a battery operated one , that not only ate batteries constantly ; it could n't even sharpen pencils properly and continually broke the lead.To conclude , i think this electric sharpener is quite a good deal at 20 $ . If you 're looking for a cheap sharpener that can get the job done , i would recommend this .
 If you have a couple of kids in grade school then this is the sharpener u need ... got delivered promptly , , works like a charm and its east to clean , , , just open the compartment and away you go
 I use it in my workshop to keep all my pencil razor sharp.it 's a great sharpener but for some reason I have to add 6 more words to submit this review ... bumb aah
 I 've owned 3 of these through the years . They last forever . My first one I purchased in college and 20 + years later it was still working . Believe me , it was used often to sharpen the old drafting pencils . I finally had to replace it and bought the same type and actually bought two for our home - one for upstairs for the kids and one for downstairs for all . I 've also purchased these for teacher 's classrooms knowing that it would last through years of children using it .
 Works very well , if , you do n't lean on the pencils ... . Purchased several of these for the office and the guy who jams and leans his pencils into the sharpener wears out the quickest and his machine usually starts making noise before everyone 's else 's ... Good value and we have purchased about 8-9 of these guys ... . Mine personally lasts about two years and I use a lot of pencils in my craft ... . Only use a pen when I sign checks otherwise I 'm a pencil person ... Recommend this sharpener over cheaper models for sure ... . Best value I have found ... . Would of given five stars but they will need to upgrade motor before I could do that ... . For sure best of class ... . Best value !
 We bought this after our battery powered sharpener died . This is a nice size . It quickly sharpens . It sharpens evenly . I would highly recommend this sharpener .
 Have had several sharpeners over the years . This one arrived quickly and works good . The pencils have a very nice sharp point.I would recommend this product .
 This is an excellent product . It seems very sturdy and durable and sharpens very quickly and quietly . I 'm glad I went with this product over the more expensive Panasonic .
 Does what it is supposed to , and was a good price.The sticking point will be longevity and it 's too soon to comment on that .
 Sleek and practical . Not too large . Sharpens very well . Only minor drawbacks are the cord -LRB- if you prefer batteries -RRB- and the small shrapnel dispenser . Other than that , I 'm glad I picked this sharpener !
 This products is very handy . I dont use it very often , because i tend to sharp my pencils once a month or so . For that use , the product is perfect . The case is all black and totally discrete -LRB- perfect for that clean design you are loking for your desk -RRB- .
 I like this pencil sharpener . I do n't sharpen a lot of pencils so I had a battery operated sharpener but every time I wanted to use it I had to change the batteries ! So far this sharpener is working out well . Sharpens to a nice point .
 Awesome - the last one lasted 20 years before the kids ruined it by one too many crayons ! Just replaced with the same .
 Had this for a few months now . Works great . 2 High Schoolers and a K student with a ton of color pencils working this thing constantly . Easy to clean and keeps on sharpening . A bit noisy but no big deal.Worth the amazon price .
 Works great for me ! Nice sharpened points . Easy to use and fast . No complaints . Good buy . Price is right too .
 I have no idea why people have given bad reviews for this product . It 's an electric sharpener ! You put in a pencil , the motor whirs and the pencil comes out sharpened ! Not sure if people giving bad reviews were expecting the sharpener to also complete their home work for them ! I am completely satisified with this sharpener because it sharpens the pencils . Look elsewhere if you are expecting the sharpener to double up as a plasma TV !!
 The X-Acto Electric Pencil Sharpener -LRB- 1818 -RRB- arrived in good condition and ready to use out of the box . It has a solid plastic body , a well made semi-transparent shavings tray , and sharpens pencils quickly without overexposing and/or breaking the led . The electric motor is a little loud but not unusually so for an electric pencil sharpener . It does not have a battery power option . It has performed reliably with daily use since purchase about 3 months ago . For the ~ $ 18 that I paid I would consider this a good value.I gave the product 4 stars out of 5 because it met my expectations for a pencil sharpener but did not exceed them in any way . Those hoping to get a durable electric sharpener at a good price will not be disappointed with this sharpener .
 The electric pencil sharpener is one of those items you never thought you needed until you got one.Up until now we were content to use those , cheap hand-held manual sharpeners that tended to break more points than they actually sharpened . But with our son in grade school , and going through pencils like crazy , we felt it was time to go electric , and , so far we 're very pleased with the X-Acto Electric Pencil Sharpener -LRB- 1818 -RRB- . The no-frills sharpener does exactly what it promises to do , delivering evenly-sharpened pencils for a reasonable price . It 's got a good weight to it with the added benefit of non-skid rubber feet to make sure it does n't scoot across the desk . And , just in case you happen to be in a pencil-sharpening frenzy , it has a thermal overload feature that shuts off an overheated motor so it wo n't burn out . To date , it has n't needed to do that , although we do n't usually sharpen more than a half-dozen pencils at a time .
 Sharpens pencils very well . May not be the fanciest or most durable on the market , but for regular wood pencils is excellent . Holds up well to use by my 7th graders .
 This electric pencil sharpener works very well . I have no complaints . It was shipped before the scheduled due date .
 Arrived on time ... works like a charm ! no more cheap plastic litle sharperner for my kids . This one does the job well .
 Works very well , very sharp , I just hope it 's heavy duty and will keep working well for a long time .
 It does what it 's suppose to . In years down the road we will find out more about how durable it is . Second one of them we have bought .
 I bought it for my husband who is an artist . It works perfectly . Sharpens to a point quickly . He had been havingproblems with other sharpeners , but really loves this one .
 Coming from a family of educators , we tend to be very picky about our pencil sharpeners . We like them solid and efficient ; quickly driving the # 2 down to a fine and sharp point without wasting much of the pencil length . Poorly designed sharpeners are horrible , and often require you to constantly grind the pencil down before achieving an adequate point . You will not have that problem with this pencil sharpener . The X-Acto Electric Pencil Sharpener is well built , durable , and finely-tuned to meet your lead sharpening requirements . The pencil is quickly sharpened to a fine , exact point , without being wasted . Disposal of the grind is easy with the removable trap . We 've owned many of these sharpeners over the years , and this one is the best so far . Highly recommended !
 After reading the reviews posted on this product -LRB- A bunch of fine reviews too , I must say -RRB- , there seems to be a very wide range of opinion concerning this electric pencil sharpener . After reading both the good and bad reviews it would almost seem like we are all talking about two completely different products . I am not sure why this is happening and can only speculate . I suspect that it is a combination of things ranging from customer 's different expectations all the way to some major quality control issues at the factory -LRB- Where ever that is -RRB- where the sharpeners are made.Be that as it may , I can only tell you my personal experiences with this particular product . I had and have an earlier model of this sharpener here on my desk . It has given me about eight years of very dependable services . Of late though you can tell it is suffering from old age and is about to give up the ghost . When these machines became available on Vine I jumped at the chance.The price here is quite reasonable for what you are getting . These are not industrial type sharpeners . They are for light office use and I do not recommend them for use in places such as schools . There are reasons for this . First , they are noisy ; unbelievable noisy as a matter of fact . Having a bunch of kids destroying perfectly good pencils for seven or eight hours could quite well drive you to distraction ... to say the least . Secondly , these sharpeners are designed to do the work for you . By that I mean you are suppose to gently but firmly place the pencil in the sharpener and let it work for you . Kids do not like to do this . They will invariably cram the pencil in as hard as their little hands will allow and see how much pencil they can eat up before you tell them to stop . That is just the way kids are ... always have been , always will be . If you put too much force on the pencil you will find that the point comes out quite lop-sided with wood going all the way to the tip.Now that being said , when I first opened this sharpener I immediately sharpened 24 pencils that I had in my desk . This sharpener is extremely fast and delivers a very , very sharp point . The down side here is that the exposed wood on the tip is a bit rougher than I like . I suppose the single blade versus the double grinders found on hand sharpeners makes the difference . This is a minor problem though and is more a personal thing than anything else.I like the fact that this sharpener is electric rather than battery . Sharpeners eat up batteries at about the same rate they eat up pencils.I liked the rather long cord ; it was much longer than my old model had which had created some problems in the past . I also like the sleek look of this thing . I also like the fact that it is heavy enough that you do not have to bolt it down somewhere . I liked the fact that this machine did not break ever other point as it sharpened.Now I do a lot of drawing and sharpen most of my drawing pencils by had using a knife . This is particularly true of my colored pencils . I am old , it was the way I was trained and I have no intention of changing . It should be noted though that if you use this machine or any other electric pencil sharpener , that you may have a problem with some of the wax based leads in some of the colored pencils ... they can cause clogging . That is the nature of most sharpeners.The reason I am giving this one four stars rather than five is due to the noise level and the fact that every so often you find that you get a lop-sided tip ... this was probably my fault , but I feel the machine should have been engineered to cover up my stupidity and ineptness.Nice sharpener for the money . Hope it lasts as long as the last one.Don BlankenshipThe Ozarks
 I 've had this sharpener for a few days , but so far it sharpens so well that the point is dangerous ! LOVE IT ! And this product was not more expensive than ones I 've purchased at discount warehouses ! I 've sharpened both regular pencils and colored pencils . Excellent ! ** UPDATE
 I got this as I have 4 young kids -LRB- 9,7,5,3 -RRB- and have an huge number of color pencils to sharpen . I got sick of the hand crank sharpener as it broke alot of leads and took forever . I sharpened all the pencils when i got the sharpener , somewhere in the neighborhood of 200 pencils , and it never missed a beat .
 This unit is much better than other electric pencil sharpeners that I have seen . A great value for the money .
 I am an art teacher and have tried them all . This one is my favorite and out-performs the ones ten times the price .
 Thos X-Acto Electric Pencil Sharpener arriced on time and in new condition . This purchasie was for my son and is the same one I have at home . It works really well .
 Perfect . I run a retail store . No bog down of the motor . Does what its suppose to do . Sharpens pencils fast and well . period
 this sharpener is smooth and reliable . does not bind up or break the tips of the pincils . i have one on my desk at work and one at home . this is a fantastic shapener .
 After a lot of looking and contemplating how much I wanted to invest in a pencil sharpener as a gift for a teacher , I settled on this one . It seemed to have the best reviews and offered the best value for features/rating/price . I can only rate it from my experience and since it was a gift , I would n't rate it higher unless I heard back .
 We use it a lot and it really keeps the pace . Just do n't jam a pencil in too hard and it works just fine .
 This electric sharpener was great for sharpening my new set of colored pencils . I had no problems with it .
 I works great but takes a 2nd hand to hold it still . Too light so putting the pencil in moves it while its sharpening .
 Someone sharpened the eraser end of a pencil in our old one and it was never quite the same after that !!! This one is a genuine breath of fresh air compared to trying to get the old one to go . We just stick a pencil in there and bingo , it 's sharpened . No more coaxing and prodding just to get a semi-sharpened pencil out of the old one ! Yea !!!
 It 's taken a beatin and keeps on tickin . Was a pretty good price for the quality as well . Highly recommend
 I really enjoy this product . I would definately refer you to my friends . Thanks for your great service . Have a great day !
 Received the product a day before promised and the product works just as advertised . I was able to sharpen a lot of my pencils within a couple of minutes as this is pretty quick and does not break the lead on the pencil easily . . highly recommended .
 I host a weekly trivia night and this has been great for keeping my stock of pencils sharp . Pro tip
 I am a teacher and sharpening pencils is a pain ! The ones that the schools provide never sharpen the pencil right.I 've bought other pencil sharpeners , and they either take too long or break . I have not had a pencil that I could n't sharpen yet . I sharpen at least 48 pencils a day -LRB- two for each kid -RRB- , and it takes less than 5 minutes . It has made my life easier !!!!
 I almost did n't buy this because some of the reviews were so bad . Now that I have it , I have no idea what there is NOT to like . It 's a pencil sharpener . You plug it in . It sharpens your pencil . The pencil leaves exactly how any other sharpened pencil looks.Works great . Great purchase .
 I bought this over the summer . In August , I plugged it in my classroom for the first time . A pencil is the primary tool in my class and the sharpener has endured regular use so far without any problems . I still get a sharp tip . It is mildly loud , but it IS a motorized sharpener that works well . I will update if there are any disappointing changes , but I am pleased with this sharpener so far .
 We 've purchased a few electric sharpeners over the past decade . Quality ranged from an expensive professional model -LRB- which started out in our office and then into our home until it mysteriously `` disappeared '' one day , to consumer models ranging from cheap to expensive . Our last was a Wescott ipoint which was awful . So far , this sharpener seems solid enough by comparison . It sharpens pencils very sharp and the wood tapers pretty well . No loose lead filling or other issues . It may occasionally sharpen uneven if I insert a pencil at too hard an angle -LRB- up or down -RRB- , however , if I use any care at all when sharpening , the results are perfect . My children sharpen several pencils daily on it and they love it so far.The motor obviously is n't industrial strength like my MIA sharpener or other sharpeners that you usually find at work or in schools , but it is still very capable . In fact , it will devour a pencil -LRB- or most of it -RRB- if you 're not careful and push too hard for too long . A good buy for home use . Hopefully , it will last longer than the last few electric sharpeners we 've had , all of which had an average lifespan of roughly six months . With my busy household , we 'll find out soon enough .
 I should have bought this a LONG time ago . my children are in school and so am I . It works super fast and very precise ! I highly recommend one for every household with scholars in it
 X-Acto Electric Pencil Sharpener is great for heavy duty users . It sharpens pencils fast and does not break off the points within the chamber .
 Best investment I 've ever made for a pencil sharpener ! Could n't stand using the manual pencil sharpeners ! We bought two and could never get our pencils sharpened ! As soon as it looked sharp , we would stop and go to write ... and the lead would break ! Then we 'd start all over again ! Grrrrr !!! So happy with our new electric pencil sharpener ! It makes our school days go by much faster & easier !
 This sharpener has some serious power !!! Sharpens quickly and to a fine point every time .
 i gave up on the manual stuff it just does n't work as good.standard sharpener , good size.don ' t bother with the other stuff
 it sharpens pencils ... the front plate is flat . i liked the older design with the circular indent where the pencil enters the machine . This should last 5 + years for home use especially with the kids not testing it with pens and crayons like the old one .
 This is the same product I have at work . I needed a reliable pencil sharpener at home . This one came quickly and works great .
 All I needed was something to sharpen pencils with . We always get those cheap sharpeners that cost 50 cents at walmart ... no good . This is perfect .
 Really fast delivery , great condition , and CAN NOT beat the price !! I 've gone through A LOT of sharpeners and this one is by far the best one I 've gotten . Sharpens colored pencils and everything with no clogging or the leads breaking off .
 best pencil sharper have ever owned . Has been used by five kids with no troubles . Works with colored pencils as well
 We have had this pencil sharpener for over a month now . I works well for use at home for sharpening pencils for children 's schoolwork . You do n't need more than this for home us . Good value .
 I have invested so many times in trendy ones and what I thought were fun for my grandchildren -LRB- the in thing with their friends -RRB- . Guess What ? This is the one they use and love . And it will last longer then previous ones I have bought .
 Un bon produitLe vendeur est bonLa livraison a tempsLe client est satisfaitGood good good good good
 It works , not too loud , basically what can you say about a pencil sharpener ? Long enough cord and it 's been a wonderful asset to our art studio .
 I got no issues with this compared to what some others state . Althought I dont sharpen 100 pencils an hour either . I sharpen like 5 a day at most . Works great for my 6yr old who we got writing alot more . Those manual sharpeners straight were garbage . This sharpens it very nicely .
 I bought this a few months ago , and have used the heck out of it . -LRB- I volunteer to sharpen all the pencils for my son 's first grade class . -RRB- It does overheat after about 50 pencils in a row , but really ... who else does that but me ?! I also like that when the kids help me , and they put the pencils in a little crooked , it does n't seem to affect the sharpener ... it just waits until it 's put in correctly then goes to town . Love it , would buy it again .
 I love this sharpener . I have not used pencils since I my early teens . Now I can buy those fun pencils from tourist shops and actually use them . The pencils come out super sharp , and do n't smell &#34; woody &#34; . Maybe because of the really sharp blade ? Definitely worth the $ 20 .
 Being an Art teacher in the public school system , I have gone through a LOT of electric sharpeners , many of them X-Acto brand sharpeners . When I got the chance to get my hands on this specific model , I thought it was the perfect opportunity to put a baseline electric sharpener through its paces , and I have to say that this one actually gives my heavy duty , designed-for-the-classroom X-Acto sharpener a run for its money , and even beats it when it comes to sharpening certain difficult-to-sharpen pencils that I use.I put this model 1818 sharpener up against theX-Acto School Pro Heavy-Duty Electric Sharpener -LRB- 1670 -RRB- , which I 've used as a standard in my classroom over the past five years at least . The features that I DID miss from this particular model of sharpener , and have grown acclimated to in the School Pro , are the automatic shutoff -LRB- preventing waste and oversharpening of pencils -RRB- and the adjustable pencil diameter dial . But , where my School Pro fell short in comparison to this baseline X-Acto sharpener is in the most important area
 Pushed my pencil in got a nice point . Pencil is sharpened and good to go . Easy to use . Easy to clean .
 My office mates refer to this monster as `` the magic stapler '' because of its capacity . It 's the best stapler in the room and gets lots of use . The only potential drawback is that it is so heavy that it must be used on a desktop or other firm surface -- do n't try to pick it up and squeeze it to staple something . If you 're looking for a heavy-duty stapler to handle 20 or 30 sheets at a time , this is the one .
 You wo n't find this stapler at the big box office supply stores - but this classic is worth the hunt ! As I 've moved from job to job over 10 + years , I 've always taken by Classic 2 with me . Sturdy enough to take on the hardest jobs , it has always performed well . I ordered this one for a coworker who was always taking mine !
 My husband escapes his nagging wife and the regular `` emergencies '' of our young by proofreading for several publishers . Flags are a regular requirement , and they cost a nominal egg -LRB- say it out loud -RRB- at the office supply stores . Thanks to Amazon , I have secured domestic tranquility.Oh -- the flags ? They 're bright . They stick . My honey 's happy .
 I do n't know what I 'd do without these flags . I formerly bought them from Levenger until they priced them too high and put fewer in a package . Fortunately , I was able to find these flags at half the price from OfficeWorld with free shipping for an order over $ 49 . Amazon is slightly more expensive and , of course , charges shipping.I use the convenient plastic clip holder as a bookmark , which is perfect for marking a place in a book and for pulling off a flag whenever I want to flag a passage to come back to later . I reuse the flags sometimes , but since I often peruse many books at once for a project , I can set a book aside with its own set of flags , marking my place , and come back to it later .
 These clips are hard to find locally.They are able to hold not only packs of paper but can also hold objects when hung from a wall hook .
 What can you say about a box of clips . They are what i needed . I got them quickly . They work . Buy them .
 exactly as described , worked perfectly , great communication would recommend purchasing from this vendor if anyone is considering this type of purchase
 We used these clips to hang irregularly shaped posters and art which were too large for easy framing . Did the trick and wo n't damage the art !
 It 's Boorum and Pease for far , far less than local stationers charge ; what more could one want ? The quality is perfection , the image is evocative of a professional executive ; packing kept the item perfect .
 This is a rugged book that travels in my Flight Bag daily to record Aircraft Flight Operations , charges and expenses . It lasts me 2 years . The book holds together and the pages never come out . I highly recommend this book .
 I just got this sign and it is EXCELLENT ! The LED 's are super bright and it 's easy to program via the PC . The entire sign is housed in a ALUMINUM frame/chasis unlike most which are plastic ! BUY THIS SIGN !!
 Stamp works great for stamping dated homework in student homework journals . Will purchase more from this company when the time comes to add more .
 Used in conjunction with a waterproof pad , these have worked great so far . Sharpie has made good stuff for years and this is no exception .
 This product met all my expectations and more !!! On time , Great product ! As advertised ! I highly recomend them . The BEST !!! Thank You for your incredible service and wonderful products !!
 I bought these to be semiperminant on plastic . They worked wonderfully as intended , but if you use them on textured plastic , the marker will be hard to wipe off .
 I ordered these to help label bottles as I pumped to keep track of the dates and times the milk was expressed . They work great on all types of glass , plastic , and ceramics . The only reason I did n't give them 5 stars is because I accidentally dropped them on two separate occasions and both times the grease pencil `` lead '' broke off and I had to waste a lot of it just trying to peel back the paper -- which was n't all that easy to do with the thread .
 I bought these markers for only one reason
 An absolute must if you have a little one at day care - it 's excellent to label bottles with dates and contents . Truly a must ! Washes away with soap and water !
 I remember watching my teachers use these fascinating markers from when I was a child in the 1960 's . I used to view them almost as if they were magical
 `` China markers '' , `` crayon pencils '' , `` grease pencils '' , or `` wax pencils '' were the general-purpose markers 50 years ago before felt-tip markers -LRB- FTPs in the following discusion -RRB- were invented.DISADVANTAGES OF FELT-TIPPED MARKERSWater soluble FTPs will not mark non-porous surfaces -LRB- such as glass , china , hard plastic , etc. -RRB- -- or wipe off too easily . The slightest dampness will cause soluble FTPs to run . On the otherhand , permanent FTPs -LRB- such as Sharpies -RRB- are pretty permanent and hard to remove . The ink in FTPs -LRB- whether water soluble or permanent -RRB- fades after a few weeks in sunlight.ADVANTAGES OF CHINA MARKERSChina markers will mark anything , with a little elbow-grease can be completely wiped off any non-porous surface . China markers do not fade in sunlight.USESChina markers are ideal for marking china -LRB- dishes and bowls -RRB- , e.g. , prices at a garage sale . They can be used for decorating picture windows , or prices on used cars for sale . They are particularly good with garden tags to record what you 've planted . They are good for labeling paper packages and plastic or glass containers of food for storage in a refrigerator . They can be used as simple crayons for art projects . Speaking of which , the marks are just as difficult as crayons to remove from fabrics.FIXING SCRATCHED CDs/DVDsHowever , I purchased them for fixing scratched CDs . I had purchased a kit -LRB- a wax pencil and a cloth -RRB- years ago for the purpose , but can no longer find the kit for sale . If your disk has a single scratch which is causing a problem -- mark over the scratch with black china marker , and then wipe the excess off with a clean cloth , rubbing across -LRB- not along -RRB- the scratch . And miraculously , the CD will play , most of the time . Apparently the black pigment in the scratch prevents extraneous reflections which cause the problems . This does n't always work , but at least you 've done no damage to the CD , and you can always try a more vigorous method.If your CD/DVD has many scratches , you may want to cover the entire surface with the black marker marks , then wipe off . If that does n't work , another method is to scrub with toothpaste . Scrubbing with toothpaste will dull the surface with hundreds of shallow scratches , but may remove the slightly deeper scratches which are causing the problem . A special kit may be a better solution if the black wax pencil does n't work.Maxell CD/CD-ROM Scratch Repair Kit
 works fine , not much to say about them . they are what you think they are grease pencils , and should last me years
 Bought these to use on Tattler Canning Jar lids so I would be able to reuse the lids . Worked great !
 I got these for when I do n't want to use a sharpie . Though I had hoped to use this for writing on food containers going into the freezer , I can not wash off the mark .
 I bought these grease pencils so that we can label our leftovers . Now I do n't have to worry about spoiled food in those zip lock bags or Tupperware .
 I ca n't believe I reviewing grease pencils . Would be nice to just give it 4 stars . I NEED FOUR WORDS .
 These work well and have n't changed since I was a kid . Yay ! I love these and would buy again when/if I need more in the future .
 I hunted for a reference stand like this for years , so I when I saw one at a hospital desk , I hounded the personnel until they found the ordering information for me . I could not wait for it to arrive and my excitement was well rewarded . It was easy to assemble , works perfectly and is in use daily at my desk . A great product . Who can ask for more than that ?
 I use this daily for work and it holds a lot of information . It is very durable and sturdy . Well worth the money in my opinion .
 The display system is fantastic . Easy to use and makes my job easier when on the phone with customers .
 I started a new job in November and needed something I could put notes in to easily refer to . Works great , so glad I bought it !
 I love this one ! I have all my papers in order of importance . When I am done with one paper I can go on to the next & not forget to do something now .
 I used a wall mounted Sherpa reference system for years . I loved it ! In my new office , there are no walls near my desk . I purchased this desk-top model . I 've been very happy with it . My coworkers are envious . That alone , is worth the price . j/k One caveat
 I love this product , I no longer could use my bulletin board and was wondering where I was going to put all my info that I needed to view quickly !! This takes up so little room yet I can quickly access my info !!!!
 I was looking for good wide barrel ballpoint pens and these are styled to be very comfortable too . Thank you !
 Ca n't believe what a great price and free shipping ! This is about half the store price . Still using them now and no problem at all . THX !!
 quick shippment , product is excellent and exactly as described . will be doing business with company again .
 The product was awesome and came in very fast . The customer services is impeccable and ca n't say anything bad about them . All in all , the purchase was awesome but not fitting with our kind of checks . If you use Quickbooks , please reconsider using these envelopes . I 'm sure they have other envelopes with different window sizes .
 There is not a lot to say about an envelope , but I relied on reviews for my own ordering . These envelopes are exactly what I expected . They line up perfectly with my QuickBooks invoices.This was the lowest price I could find on double windowed # 9 envelopes . I ordered on Tuesday and they were delivered on Thursday . Very satisfied.For what it 's worth , `` manufactured in the U.S.A. ''
 Great value as I have priced these elsewhere and these are the most economical . Others are approximately double the cost for very little increase in quality . Not sure where these are made .
 Paper products have increased in price significantly recently ... These good quality window envelopes cost about half of what I would have paid locally ... plus reasonable chipping despite weight .
 The Instaview is a great product for the price . I work in a small cubicle and it is just the right size for my desk top . Easy to assemble too .
 I am very pleased with my Expandable Desktop . It lets me have at least 10 items easily accessible for reference with just a flip of a page tab . I should have bought it 4 years ago like I wanted to . Definitely worth the investment .
 I bought this to have on my desk at school and it is an excellent quick reference to hold my seating chart , lesson plans , class schedule , school calendar , meeting calendars ... as well as many other things . I have been meaning to try this method of organization for years , and I have to say that I LOVE it .
 This desk top organizer is wonderful ! I would highly recommend this product . It is well worth the money spent .
 I love being able to have information at my finger tips so I do n't have to go searching for it . This is a great product .
 I bought this reference system sorter because it 's truly handy ... Everything is right at my figure tips -LRB- phone number , emails , all my contact and hotel information -RRB- are just one flip away . I LOVE IT and people in my office thinks it 's great too ...
 This CD is made up of music heard in the TV show Kimba The White Lion . It 's been arranged -LRB- by the composer -RRB- in to a `` symphonic poem '' ; a term from the Romantic era of classical music in which the music is supposed to convey a story . What you have then is a long-form piece made up of themes and motifs that will be familiar to any fan of the Kimba TV show . The music was always a major part of what made the show so great . I 'm a big fan of Tomita in everything he does , and it 's great to have this CD available .
 The best artist of japan -LRB- Isao Tomita -RRB- for the one the best cartoon series od 60 'S
 LOVE , LOVE , LOVE this sorter !!! I have a bunch of 'em and they really come in handy . Sturdy and very re-usable -LRB- extra label strips are included -RRB- . Using these sorters gets my messy desktop and my growing clutter piles in order very quickly and easily . Hard to find in office supply stores . Easy to get from Amazon . Last time I ordered , as I recall , there was a special pricing offer that made them economical , too !
 This is a great tool to help keep you organized . I travel a great deal in my work , plus I work out of two different offices . The PileSmart is very helpful for me to keep various paperwork handy and filed where I know I can find it .
 This is the best organizer I 've found for loose papers , i.e. , those that you will be inserting and removing frequently in order to work with them as opposed to more permanent papers that you need mostly only for reference and can punch and insert in binders .
 I like to be organized , but never make/have time to go through my stacks of papers at work to put them in file folders or binders . I have scores of projects ' worth of papers . With these sorters , it 's SO easy . I 've used them for months now and the system works . I 've already turned my boss and several other administrators on to these .
 This is a good organizer for small projects or just keeping track of a temporary project both home and office .
 I use a calculator every day . I prefer big clunky buttons and this definately has them . It is solid and dependable .
 This is a great little clip board for easy reference to some easily forgotten formulas and terms . Easy to carry around but not ideal to throw in your lab coat only cause it is pretty tall and might fall out if you bend over . Other than that it is a great product and well made . The reference is protected by a film that can be easily wiped down with an alcohol wipe . Overall great clip board for medical field workers .
 If your clipboard or sticker breaks they will give you a new clipboard for free for two years after your purchase date . I have n't had any problems with my clipboard , but its nice to know they 'll fix it if I do .
 what a great idea - for the price this is a terrific tool !
 I have lingo phone service and love it . Not only do I save 40.00 a month from Verizon traditional phone service , without even making a long distance phone , but the features available with the 19.99 a month price are incredible and easy to use . I did have some trouble originally because I had the Dlink hooked up to my wireless router , but if you hook it up directly to your modem and anything else after it , you will be set . I have a 4 meg/768 up cable modem line and have not experienced any real issues with it , except when hooked up using the alternative method . If you have poor bandwith speeds I would n't suggest VOIP , regardless of the service . Lingo 's customer service has been great thus far even though it appears to be outsourced . The other cool thing is that you can take the router with you throughout the world and place and take calls . People in your local dialing area , the number you choose , will never know the difference , or pay long distance fees . The last thing that is incredible is the ability to add additional local `` virtual '' numbers in North America , Europe or Asia for a small fee . This is great if you have family in other parts of the world and want them to have the ability to ring you with no toll charges . Lastly , Lingo ported over my number in about a month and where incredible in letting me know that the porting took place .
 I have been using this product for months now . The best connection is when you connect the router directly to the ISP source then connect the router -LRB- wireless -RRB- to the VOiP D-Link router . An echo is present on the other side of the line - if your upload rate is less than 256kbps . Make sure you meet the requirement . Other than that , Lingo service is great . If you have another VOiP provider -LRB- other than LINGO -RRB- make sure that you buy the DVG-1402S -LRB- the ` L' is for Lingo users only -RRB- . You can be put on hold for a long time if you call the D-link tech support in the '' wee hours of the night '' . - and that 's the reason I am rating a 4 - other than that , D-Link is a reliable product and Lingo has good service . Now we call western Europe for Free - Anytime !
 The product is good . It worked without any hassle . However the Lingo service is not up to the mark . Because service matters -LRB- little more than router -RRB- to the people who are reading this review I am writing about that below.The issues1 . They say 30-day risk free trial -LRB- the trap -RRB-
 There are many excellent colored pencil brands available today , with some of the premier labels being Caran D'Arche -LRB- Switzerland -RRB- , Cont&eacute; -LRB- France -RRB- , Faber Castell -LRB- Germany -RRB- , Talens -LRB- the Netherlands -RRB- and Koh-i-noor -LRB- Czech Republic -RRB- . Each pencil brand has its own loyal following , and it is certainly true that the performance characteristics of each leaves a unique `` signature '' on paper -LRB- i.e. , the experienced eye can sometimes tell which brand of pencil was used for a different piece of artwork by examining luminosity , reflection , depth of color , and others -RRB- . I have used all these brands myself , having brought back from Europe entire sets from various manufacturers , and often in different sub types -LRB- `` artist , '' `` student , '' and so on -RRB- . Some also have added touches that really make a pencil set shine , including rounded triangular shafts with subtle inlaid grips , bonded coatings between the lead and the pencil wood to minimize lead shattering , and soft textured surfaces for improved gripping and comfort . Some sets are now even beginning to adhere to the lightfastness specifications as developed by the Colored Pencil Society of America.So , what should we think about a set of American made colored pencils when they are competing with these premier brands , some of which have been in business for centuries ? The answer might be surprising to hear
 These are the best bands , and I just wish they were n't so expensive . They never wear out and do n't stain or mess up what they hold . They look very flimsy but they are very strong . They are the best and I just wish they were n't so hard to find !!!
 I love these bands . These are the best thing yet since slice bread I tell ya ! I love that these do n't break or disintegrate over time . They do the job of keeping things together without destroying or bending the documents too much .
 This is an outstanding product . It is hard to find and it is wonderful that Amazon is carrying it . It is far better than rubber bands . We use it to keep microscope slide flats closed in a hospital laboratory . Getting this product through Amazon was quick and easy ; delivery was excellent .
 My children have a severe latex allergy -LRB- that is , they are allergic to rubber -RRB- . Plastibands are an excellent substitution for rubber bands and they do n't rot like rubber bands do . The only slight negative is that they are n't as resilient as rubber bands . I always give Plastibands to the classroom teachers and we use them at home . The bright colors are fun too . Highly recommended !
 PLASTI BANDS are awesome ! I use these with students to keep papers in their journals . Who knew the rubber band could be improved !
 We ordered these for a business to compile reports . We love them ! They hold about 50 sheets of paper before the top cover pops up a bit . You just need a regular hole punch for your paper and tuck it in . They secure everything in easliy and look very professional . The navy cover is also a nice touch . It 's not a cheap blue cover , there 's some texture and weight to that paper . The clear cover is also nice , it 's not yellowed or flimsy.Definitely reccomend these if looking for a professional report cover .
 i use this report covers all the time and never have any problem.i would recommend this product . the price is good and so the quality
 There is not special about these . You get a fair item for the price . I have no complaints and having the various choices of colors to choose from is good .
 I used these report covers for our business employee manual ... very sturdy and will last a long time.Easy to use ... Great product . .
 These work great for my sheet music collections , as a cover page shows right through the clear vinyl front . Only objection was that there were tiny cardboard crumbs clinging to the inside of the clear vinyl . Had to wipe every one clean as I filled them .
 I sit on multiple Board of Directors , have care of mother , etc. , and how do I sort everything?This works great ! I can expand it totally , or just enough to sort the papers , etc. I did do some labeling to make it easier , and if I get called away , I can remember where I was.It is also smart looking , it has somewhat that ` retro ' look .
 This is a well made metal collator/organizer that will help me keep tax information and correspondence organized to go into file folders . I 've used these paper organizers for years and am always happy to see how much faster I get from towering piles of paper to neatly organized information when I use a collator . Of course , I am always happy to buy products that are identified as recycled . A good buy .
 This product works like a charm . The first office I worked in years ago had one for collating paper work . We bought this to get medical records ready for scanning . Perfect fit for the job .
 Exactly what I needed BUT since the central section stands proud , rather than resting on the desk , it feels a little unstable . I 'll watch how it goes ...
 I have been using this exact same planner for years . I find it to be the perfect size and shape . It is n't bulked up with a number of less than helpful features . It is just big enough to fill with notes while always enabling the user to view a month in it 's entirety.The only minor complaints that I have is that I find all the blank pages at the end to be unhelpful and that it 's main calendar begins and ends with the year precisely -LRB- as opposed to including a degree of overlap with the previous and subsequent years -RRB- .
 I had one of these collators in one of my jobs , and it was perfect . Our office did n't have a printer/copier with a collator accessory . This is great ! I chose the 18-section collator to give me the maximum help at home .
 this product works great for desktop colating . it scrunched up to about nothing when not in use . works great . way better than others we have tried .
 This is a great versatile product . It 's very sturdy , yet lightweight and compact when folded . I used it to sort a huge stack of papers that needed to be filed . Now I will use it to display a selection of craft papers , arranged by color .
 This collator expands and allows me to easily file papers . It 's design , set above the horizontal and on an angle , allows one to easily see the papers even with 24 filing spaces . Using this collator is much more efficient than trying to file directly into folders or trying to collate and staple small sets of documents without the aid of a copier collator .
 This was exactly what we were looking for . We are able to put together presentations in an efficient manner . The file is durable and sturdy .
 I took on a job that was was destined to spin out of control quite easily . The Flexi-file kept things organized and made me look good ! No regrets!W
 This was perfect -- just as described . The price was n't horrible , either . Works very well , and very sturdy .
 This is an excellent tool for filing and sorting large numbers of papers and documents into numerous categories utilizing a limited space.I am a librarian for a wind orchestra and this is invaluable for putting parts in score order and assembling musicians ' folders .
 I had ignored filing for about six months . I knew I had to organize on a grand scale . This collator was the answer . With 24 slots or sections , I was able to accomplish quite alot in a short time . It closes up easily and stores in a small space . Very easy to use . Just great !
 An old time standard product , still well made . Nothing much better for sorting documents or collating reports .
 The spell checker is easy to use and very functional for everyday life .
 This is good quality graph paper . Unfortunately I had reached it by searching for loose-leaf graph paper , and it is bound in a composition-style book . The information and picture do not show this .
 Charles Leonard is the brand for me . I have bought these is other brands and some are such soft metal that they will not screw in , line up , or keep from bending . These are nice and strong at any length -LRB- I bought 3 lengths -RRB- with well-drilled threads . Just what I needed to create books from stacks of paper and magazines!Check these out against office or other stores . A good bargain .
 It seems I got lucky . I bought this shredder at BB&B ; for some where between $ 30 and $ 40 in 2003 . In 2009 , after using it occasionally for 6 years , I finally started feeding sheets of paper with oil on them into the machine to make sure it stayed lubricated . It has seen increasing amounts of usage since then and has handled what I 've thrown at it with aplomb , as long as what I fed it did n't stall it . The few times it has stalled , the reverse button has cleared the jam . Now and then I have to take some needle-nosed pliers -LRB- aka my Leatherman -RRB- and pull paper out of the extreme left and right edges of the rollers . No big deal.Over the last 5 months , I have been going through 3 filing cabinets and many boxes of old documents and shredding almost everything in them . I 've passed literally thousands upon thousands of bills , receipts , statements , tax returns , etc through this thing with nary a hiccup as long as I kept a bottle of oil -LRB- I 've been using hair clipper oil -RRB- handy to keep things lubed up . The machine was made before it was common to add credit card shredding capabilities to shredders , and I 'd deduct half a star for that if I could . To be fair , I 've never tried to shred a credit card , and it would probably do it , but I do n't want to take the chance of breaking it by using it for something it was n't designed to handle . In any event , for the price and the reliability that I have personally experienced , I 'm very happy to have bought this shredder . I 'm sorry to read that other reviewers either were unlucky or did n't know how to keep their machine properly maintained .
 Love it , it gave me the opportunity to hide my keys and know what each went to
 I was afraid this was going to be real small from what other reviews stated but it was perfect . I popped in the wall anchors , mounted it and was up and running . The front let me hold keys , wallet , all the little organizer pieces . I like the key storage on the inside.Only con is that the rings are quite small and trying to attach keys and remove if have to would be difficult . Would have been nice to have snap clips as well but I found a deal on this site for the snap clips and ordered them separately .
 I have this same pen in the orange/red finish . It 's actually my favorite pen . Very consistent output with various inks . I also like that the cap screws on . I recommend this pen .
 This is the first time that I have used the Q-Copy Replacement Cartridge in my Canon PC -LRB- E-40 -RRB- . The price was reasonable and I am satisfied with the quality of copies that I have made so far . I recommend this brand for routine copying . I have no complaints and intend to purchase it again !!!
 Bought this phone at BestBuy 8 months ago for $ -LSB- ... -RSB- -LRB- new , after rebate -RRB- . It does n't have all the bell & whistles like other fancy phones but it has what matters most
 If you remember the old days when the amount of money you paid for your cordless phone was directly proportional to quality of that phone , here 's some good news for you ! This is a great cordless phone for the money.Charges like a champ , good sound quality , and great performance no matter how far away it is from the base station , this phone will pleasantly surprise you.I bought this phone to use with Magic Jack in case MJ was a disappointment . Magic Jack is a great and so 's the phone !
 Just got one of these , and the phone itself is excellent for the money . My only gripe is with the phone 's cradle -- it allows both tabletop use and wall mounting , and unfortunately when mounted on the wall , the cradle REALLY looks like a little urinal -LRB- I 'm dead serious , not at all kidding -RRB- . It 's a real incentive to keep the phone in the cradle , I 'll tell you.Just keep the phone in the cradle and you 'll love it .
 Extremely Happy . My only disappointment was that it is hard to see the `` new message '' alert on the darkened screen .
 If you 're looking for a phone without all the bells and whistles this is quite adequate . I bought mine a year ago and was quite pleased with it but surprised that the battery already needs replacing ; however , I do keep it off the cradle from 8:30 in the morning until early evening during the work week . Have found only one site so far with the battery and it 's 19.95 . I might as well buy another phone.So the only drawback on this phone is if you 're going to keep it off the cradle all day nearly every day buy something with a larger battery pack , otherwise it 's fine .
 this phone is good for our night stand because it takes up very little space . We do n't need it to do much so it 's been fine and it 's been dependable so far .
 I am completely satisfied with my Vtech cordless phone . I would by another one if I need it .
 Low priced phone is lightweight and functions well . Has caller ID and let 's me know on screen whether if I have voice mail waiting .
 Great phone for space saving on the desk . Not the clearest reception and the caller ID is a bit difficult to read . Overall , a fine phone for the price .
 Pros : * It works good . * Average to good voice quality.Cons : * Unit feels cheap . * Only compatible with Windows OS .
 It 's a very good device but there is no screen to indicate the status of there device for example if my memory card is full and the capacity of this memory card etc. . .
 This item arrived quickly . It arrived in excellent condition . It worked exactly like it was supposed to . The item met a special need very well . Thank you Amazon for having it .
 It works well . Sound quality of recording is n't great , but functional . Certainly not abysmal - well worth the price I paid for it -LRB- $ 10 -RRB- .
 I needed something secure to separate the funds for my group that could also be used at fund raising events.Pros
 I 'd give this 5 stars , but 2 of the 3 we ordered arrived defective and had to be returned . One had a lid that would n't stay up , the other had a dial that worked only part of the time , and the third -LRB- which we kept -RRB- had paint smeared on the dial . For function , these are great and just what we wanted . Convenient and fast . We actually use them to store medicines . The high rate of defects is a bit worrisome though . Thank goodness , Amazon let us return the boxes and refunded our money easily and quickly .
 I bought this safe for my daught for er money and coins . She loves and i even use if your garage sales . Great product !
 I ORDERED THIS CASHBOX TO KEEP IMPORTANT PAPERS AND HELP PROTECT AGAINST DAMAGE . IT HAS BOTH A KEY LOCK AND A COMBINATION LOCK . THE PRICE WAS VERY REASONABLE . I USE IT ALL THE TIME AS IT IS VERY WELL BUILT . I CONSIDER IT A VERY GOOD BUY !!
 Well constructed . Lots of room under cash tray for items . Nice locking system also . If your looking for a nice cash box with good security , this is it ...
 I bought this cabinet in 2006 and put it together myself . It was very easy -LRB- but surprisingly heavy -RRB- and it does n't look cheap at all . I use it as a pantry and it really is nice looking . I 'd like to add that parts were damaged during delivery , and I called the company -LRB- O'Sullivan -RRB- as directed on the packing slip . The company immediately sent out replacement parts , free of charge.It 's unfortunate that the company has gone out of business .
 Since there is now relatively few choices for a good corded phone -LRB- esp . with caller ID -RRB- , this phone is tops . This phone and all other AT&T phones corded or cordless , exhibit slight feedback when talking loud or when hanging up . But no other phone out there seems to be nearly as durable . Given the other choices , this is the one to get .
 I bought this phone for my elderly father last October . The caller ID screen is larger than alot of cordless phone CIDs and you can adjust the contrast by pushing the `` options '' button , and choosing between 1-4 in `` contrast . '' 4 is the darkest contrast so that is what we set my father 's phone on . The phone is very attractive , and can be either wall mounted or sit on a desk . There is a piece on the bottom of the phone you adjust for either wall or desk placement.Now for the negatives . My father has trouble hearing and he had trouble hearing on this phone at times . After I bought him this phone , I told him I had 30 days to return it , so please check it out to see if he could hear with it . Well , he used it , but I never heard a negative word about it until it was too late to return it . He is now using an old phone of mine that has volume you can turn up very loud and he 's happy.Personally , I think this is a very good phone . The only negative I noticed is a light background buzzing noise when you make a call on it . If you need a corded phone with a nice size caller ID screen with big letters and numbers , this is a good phone . It would make a good back-up for someone who prefers cordless phones , but needs a corded phone for those times when electricity is off .
 I bought this phone for emergencies when the electricity is off and all my wireless phones will not function . This is a direct to phone line hook-up and thjerefore not dependent on electric power . It works well . Every house should have at least one phone that is not dependent on the electric company for operation .
 Hands down this is the best corded caller-id/call waiting id phone on the market . For the extra few dollars it beats all the other brands in performance and features . I picked mine up after returning 3 Southwest Bell Freedom Phones that were not what I expected . BJ 's wholesale Club has the phone for $ 12.99 plus tax -LRB- if applicable -RRB- . Like I said , $ 3.00 more than the SW phone and 100 % better . *** Been about three years now and I have had to replace one of the 3 phones . The key pad started to become disfunctional and the batteries for the LCD screen would only last for about a month . The other 2 are still working fine ! AT&T ; came out with a new model the 265 ; however , it appears cheaper -LRB- in quality -RRB- and does not have a lighted dial like the 260 .
 This phone installed easily , has good sound , caller ID is visible . hooks securely . That 's about all we wanted .
 This phone has worked out great for us , the only problem being that I could wish it was cordless . Unlike previous reviewers , I have n't noticed any squealing noises or in fact any problems at all with the sound -LRB- maybe those who have noticed this should take their phones back and exchange them -RRB- . It has a ringer control volume , with settings Hi - Lo - Off , which was key for not waking the baby during her nap . It has three instant-dial buttons -LRB- M1 , M2 , M3 -RRB- , and space for storing 10 more numbers -LRB- accessed by pressing Memory + digit -RRB- . My only complaint -LRB- other than wishing it was cordless -RRB- is that it eats batteries . It takes 4 AA batteries , and I have to change them about 3 times a year . That 's as often as my digital camera ! Otherwise , 5 stars .
 The phone arrived in a matter of two days . So far so good . The phone is working in mint condition .
 This is my second phone like this and I really like The dealer was timely and would do business again .
 there product info was wrong , they contacted me . very good on that.that is why I gave them a good rating .
 These markers are absolutely awesome ... This is my third box and I use them along with oil paint to paint canvases and they work perfectly . . ink flow is very consistent and it looks just like oil paint ! LOVE IT !
 The pen is exactly as I had ordered and it came 10 days sooner than expected .
 Paint markers work well . Just make sure you cap them tightly after use , and wipe excess off tip before capping .
 Bought this pen for use as a daily writer . Overall it writes well , feels good in the hand , nice weight and well made . Comes in a gift box with one cartridge and a converter as well , which was nice . It looks sharp , writes with a fine/medium line . No problem recommending this .
 THe screw style cap took me a little getting used to , but this pen has a good weight , writes well with nice even flow and no false starts -LRB- Noodler 's ink , the ink it comes with is junk -RRB- with a little paper feedback but not much . I find it most comfortable unposted , especially as the cap does not sit as tightly on the end of the pen as I would like . One of the major selling point for me is , working in a chemical lab , the lack of plastic parts on the exterior which could get dissolved as happened with my Parker Jotter . Not the most sublime of pens , not the cheapest of pens , but it hit its middle ground and suits me fine .
 Christmas gift for my father and he loved it ! He 's been taking it to work with him everyday and using it with pride .
 I ordered these pens for a CNY project . They are FANTASTIC . The gold color is bright and the stroke of the tip is a nice medium width . The pens did not work on red felt fabric - not a problem just an observation . The pens also arrived even before Amazon showed them as shipped . Great value if you need a dozen medium Oil Based Sharpies .
 I bought several of these pens over the years and they are great fun . They take little hearing aid batteries , or the button batteries , and last for a good while . I ca n't remember how long though , but I still have some that work 4 years later . I like the ball of the pen , it 's really a novel item and if you collect pens , it 's a must have .
 I 've used about 40 of these markers so far in my business . I used to use the Sharpie silver/metallic ink markers -LRB- non-paint -RRB- , the ones that look like normal black sharpie markers . Those work , but dry out quickly . When you first open one , the mark is bold - but after a small amount of use , the ink is faded and not as bold . A bit like those old crayola markers that faded if you drew too fast.These paint markers are completely different . Much brighter & shinier , they actually look like silver on black paper . The bold width is good , very think lines -LRB- but still very easy to write with -RRB- . You have to pop the top , shake them a bit , then keep depressing the tip on paper till the ink flows . I 've not had any trouble with them leaking or spotting - the tip seems to hold the ink well , thank goodness.These are great , and I 'll be using these continually for quite a while . Works out to about ~ 2 per marker here , which is much better than in store or in smaller quantities.The `` thin '' version is just as good , but with a thinner line and much less paint . I recommend these instead unless you 're doing fine work .
 This is cheap , ships quick and serves its purpose . I often go through very busy periods of work and these can help you stay on top of tasks .
 I love this pad . It 's big , it 's in my face and it keeps me on task . The simplicity of it is what helps me . I have tried digital `` to do '' lists and plain scraps of paper . Still this large pad is what works best for me and I love it . I 've had coworkers borrow some of my sheets and now they are hooked on it too .
 I love this THINGS TO DO pad . I need to list my agenda and cross oFF as I go.Perfect size for me . Plenty of space .
 My class loves these hanging up in the classroom . Easy to inflate . Came with everything needed to hang . My children do not handle them but I think the plastic is thick enough they would hold up .
 This rare -LRB- the hard red cover variety is much more common -RRB- flexible cover diary is great for those who would prefer to write with an old-fashioned Bic pen instead of using a PDA.The signatures are sewn in and will never come out.Possible improvement ? Maybe rounded corners on the cover .
 This is my first time using art stix colored pencils ... I wish I had tried them sooner.They cover a lot of ground , witch makes them fantastic for backgrounds .
 I love finish some of my paintings adding colors on some blanks left . These colored pencils make a great effect .
 My daughter loves everything about these pencils and would recommend them for serious drawing . They were a great value on-line !
 I used this product on patrol when working at the police Department . Handles great , not too bulky , and allows me to keep all the necessary items I need going from call to call .
 the compact clipboard is a wonderful ascess i love it and use it everyday at work . i think everyone some have one of these ...
 a handy binder for those of us who want a `` hardcover book '' feel to our notes . Allows for easy shuffling of pages and papers .
 it made my document into a super fat book.It 's quite uncomfortable to use , but unfortunately , amazon doesnt sell 5-6 inch binderswhy the 4 stars?well , what can you expect from this ? It works exactly as its supposed to . I knocked off a star just to let people know that its a hassle to use
 This is the very best tape dispenser that anyone could ever consider purchasing . I will add some words to reach the minimum .
 Lightweight and easy to seal package while holding only the handle instead of using a second hand to feed the tape out .
 This product is very easy to use and the price is very affordable . We use the tape dispenser almost every day . It really save us a lot of time because it 's very efficient and easy to use . Great product .
 I decided to spend a little more for a quality tape gun . Many have complained about the cheap ones . This gun is very good . Works like it is supposed to and very easy to use .
 At my job we use these all the time . This one has proven to be good quality - easy to use , cuts the tape well and dispensed it smoothly . Thanks for a great product .
 The best part of this tape dispenser is the adjustable roll tension . This allows you to customize the resistance for each type of tape . Be careful about the sharpness of the cutting blade . Despite the picture warning of its sharpness , I managed to cut my finger on it the first time .
 This is my 2nd one as i lost my other one . it works well with no fancy stuff . Just does the trick .
 We tape large beaded curtain packages 5 days a week and concur with the other reviews as this is without a doubt the best pistol grip tape dispenser on the market .
 lightweight but effective . The roll dispenser remains tight , and the blade is sharp . Well built , plastic handle but metal body .
 I was buying a bunch of packaging supplies on Amazon and decided to try a new tape dispenser . This has definitely been the best one I have ever used . Tape does n't seem to get jammed or have to be re-adjusted like I was having to do on my other dispenser all the time . Probably helps that I also boughtDuck Brand HD Packaging Tape , 1.88 inch x 54.6 Yard , Crystal Clear , 6 Rolls -LRB- CS-55-6pk -RRB- which is also the best tape I have used .
 I 've used a few other tape dispensers , and none of them work as well as this one . This worked so well , I bought a total of 6 to replace all of our current ones . Plus , you can get spare parts for this model . Spare parts are not that cheap however .
 Good tape gun . Light weight and works well . We use in a warehouse , and shipping dept. and they hold up better then most .
 I package up a lot of boxes every month , but it took me a long time to find something that would make my life easier . When I looked at the different models , they all looked so heavy and clunky . I wanted something that would make packing up boxes easier - not harder.I settled on this product because its price was about right for my budget , and it had good reviews . After using it for only a few boxes , I was already won over . This product is great . It is not at all heavy or clunky to use - I can grip the handle quite comfortably and get my boxes taped up in about 1/4 of the time it used to take me . I was very surprised by how light it is - considering its size -LRB- it does look a little bulky -RRB- this is not at all as heavy as I feared it might be.It is n't so good for smaller boxes , because the overall size of this product makes it difficult to use when the box is a small size . But most of the boxes I pack are at least 10x10x10 , and this product is just perfect for them . It is easy to load a new roll of tape when needed and the device holds the tape very securely and rolls the tape smoothly onto a box when you want to secure it . I never feel like the tape roll will come loose when I am using this product . The blade is very sharp - but I have n't cut myself on it once , nor do I worry about doing so . The only downside is that sometimes the edge of the tape can get a bit tangled up and ca n't be used.Overall
 It 's works well . No complaints . Does exactly what it is sold to do . Applies tape and cuts it off . Good job scotch .
 It was so nice to have it work and it cut the tape with no problems at all . Glad I got it .
 I have been very disappointed over the years with box tape devices . They would either cut me trying to get them unjammed , smash tape against itself and other fun things . This is easy to use and makes minimal taping errors .
 This tool becomes very easy to use once you get familiar with it . Only problem I have is the teeth to cut the tape seems a little dull .
 I like everything about this gun except one thing . My old gun had a hinged flap which kept the end of the tape flat against the roller in front of the cutter . This flap kept the tape from flopping back on itself , and falling away from the roller . So as long as static electricity keeps the tape against the roller , you can seal box after box . But when the tape falls away from the roller , you have to stop and reposition the tape before you can proceed.Other than this minor annoyance , this is a very solid , very competent tape gun .
 Life without a box sealing tape dispenser is awful . This one solved the dilemma and has worked just like it should .
 This Scotch Box Sealing Tape Dispenser costs a little more than the alternatives , but it 's been worth it . We 're in the middle of packing for a move and this is SO much better than the little plastic free dispensers that often come with sealing tape . We used to have another no-name gun-type dispenser years ago , but it literally fell apart one day under what was n't all that serious use.Stick , zip , cut , done . Very smooth .
 This thing dispenses tape , and does it well . Should you need replacement parts , the # 's are conveniently on the side of the item itself . So you can get charged an arm and a leg for a 2 '' piece of plastic or a cutting blade , still , it 's the thought that counts right ?
 So easy to use ! I 've had no issues with it . Everything about it is great . And you can use it with just 1 hand !
 Do n't buy any other tape dispenser , especially the Scott brand.This model has a spring loaded clip that keeps the tape pressed against the roller wheel . It has thin contact so it does n't hold on too much to the tape.The Scott model holds on to the tape too much making it hard to grab small pieces of tape.Trust me , even if you only use this thing once a month or even a few times a year , you will want this model over the Scott.I used to have this model until my wife lost it . So I bought the Scott to try it out . UGGGHHH , not worth it . Bought this one.Now my wife uses the Scott and hates it and secretly tries to use this dispenser while we are packing up our home .
 The newer tape dispensers have safety devices that retract the cutting edge . Makes it very hard to use the dispenser . This Tape Dispenser Has a cutter that works evry time . The cutter does not retract , it stays where it is needed.If you are part of the Under 4 years old crowd , and have trouble with sharp things , get the cheaper tape dispenser.This thing also has an adjustment for tape pressure , works great , I bought a second one for the USPS Priority tape that you get free from the post office.This item is # 37 on the `` John 's all time list of Good Stuff '' . John
 I got tired of the flimsy , noisy office supply store brand of tape dispensers and bought this . I immediately noticed that it feels more solid . Comes with a warranty and has replaceable parts - like the blade . This will probably be the last tape gun that I will have to buy for years !
 I bought one of these when I started selling items through amazon and ebay back in 1999 . I still use that same tape gun.The tension can be easily adjusted , and the roller provides a nice even pressure . What I have found over the years is that tape brands and weights make a BIG difference in performance of a tape gun . I use the heavier duty Scotch tapes -LRB- clear ones -RRB- - they are a thicker film than the light weight tapes - and wo n't double back on you as much ... . plus , you do n't have to use several passes - one or two will work just fine ... . finally , the adhesive on the stronger tapes gives a more even pressure when dispensing.The dispenser itself is set at a nice angle to get most boxes in one pass . The blade is nice and sharp - I do n't see where you would ever have to replace it unless you damage it somehow . The tension adjustment is a simple threaded bolt and a spring/plastic knurled thumb nut . I set it once in 2002 or so and just use the same tape , never mess with it again.There is a spring loaded bail that holds the tape next to the roller - putting on a new roll of tape is simple , especially since you can lift that little bail and feed the tape through.The side is a heavy steel plate , it does not flex . The handle is hollow plastic , but feels very solid.I have even taken this on a trip , and just sent some of my clothes / luggage back via UPS instead of paying the airline ... . insured , faster , and cheaper.don ' t go cheap - get one , you wo n't regret it .
 We bought this during a big move from Florida to Tennessee . I have 3 kids -LRB- 2 teenagers and one toddler -RRB- and everyone was working on taping boxes . My old cheap tape dispenser broke and we had 2 of the cheap red 3M plastics that sometimes come with the box tape , but we wanted something better so since my husband 's company was paying for the move , we bought this and the Duct Tape Shark Pro Tape Dispenser . Wow were these things great . We loved both and could never go back to the old cheap dispensers but there was one thing about this one that I have to warn people about and made me take off a star . The teeth stick out far on it and both of my teenagers as well as myself cut themselves on them and two of them were pretty bad cuts . When the teenagers did it I thought that perhaps they were just careless or something , but when I did it , I was n't even cutting at the time . The dispenser was on the floor and I went to pick it up and my hand brushed the teeth and it sliced me open . Man it works great when you are taping , but you have to be careful . With a toddler , I was a little nervous after 3 cuts . Be careful and alert and you should be okay ! If you do n't want to take a chance get the Duct Tape Shark Pro ... just as good without teeth that stick out !
 Well after years of using a Duck Tape Dispenser and having the tape slide out the side I found one of these 3M dispensers someone was throwing away . All I can say is wow ! This is how a tape dispenser should work , smooth straight , and dependable ! Mine was free so it is hard to say if it is worth the money , I sell stuff on ebay some so I run through about a dozen rolls of tape a year and I could definitely see buying one of these now that I know how good they are !
 I ca n't say i package a lot , maybe a box a week or so . But this dispenser works great , it makes packaging boxes much easier . It works as expected , and i have n't even messes with the tension settings . It is well built and should last .
 This is priced a little higher than the `` cheapies '' , but it works without fail . I do n't understand other reviews knocking the fact that it does not have a guard on the cutter as it is recessed and works fine . Like a knife , if you push it against your body , it will cut you `` dahhh '' . No frills , just a functional tool .
 Mom 's moving to another stated and needed a tape dispenser that would be hassle free allowing her to zip through taping up packages quickly . This worked . Every time we spoke over the tele , she raved about it .
 We purchased and recieved this product in a timely manner . I have had no complaints so I assume it is working properly !
 I frequently have a need for # 12 Kraft envelopes to store important papers , product operating instructions , and other papers . I buy a quantity of them every few years.I recently found my supply of these envelopes was deleted , so I was moved to purchase a box containing a large quantity of them . Hopefully I will not need to purchase any more for a number of years !
 Product arrived quickly , in perfect condition and was exactly as described . No problems with vendor . Very happy with product and transaction .
 iBeam is a good product . . the laser goes a quarter of a mile . hasnt malfunctioned yet . flashlight is high quality . nothing bad to say about it . great price !!
 Love these lights ! I got the Griffin iBeam Flashlight and Laser Pointer for iPod recently and have been completely de-lighted ... er , en-lightened ! As the description says , the small efficiently designed little `` sub-pods '' pop right onto the top , offering either a medium bright flashlight or a red laser pointer . As a university teacher , I am frequently involved in presentation situations where I am in the back of a darkened room commenting on Powerpoint or other computer images . Since I often use my iPod in the class as well , the flashlight is a perfect momentary plug-in to check notes . The laser is useful and works well , allowing me to focus attention on areas of a painting , image , map , or text with ease.Counterpoint to previous caveats : This very inexpensive product does not need an on/off switch ! The simple convention of snapping the small unit it in or out is a clean design and works very easily . As for it being not `` cool '' ... well , if `` cool '' is a smooth move , then a one-handed gesture like `` snap-shoot-unsnap '' works pretty well for me . How often does one need to point to every frame in a presentation anyway ? The product has met my meeting and classroom needs quite nicely.The flashlight is not that strong but was clearly not meant to be a constant source of illumination . It works fine to check the random emergency note.FLASH ! with the introduction of the new 30 and 60G video iPods , you can now run your Powerpoint presentations SOLELY FROM THE IPOD ! One iPod is running the presentation , your old iPod or iPod mini has your laser pointer or flashlight . Classroom or meeting materials ? An iPod in each holster ! Bang ! Killer info delivery , with no muss or fuss . How utterly cool is that ?! I 'm in heaven . `` Go to the light . '' Great products .
 Toy being the operative word . Works great with my iPod 4th gen. Especially the Laser pointer ... practically turns my iPod into a light saber !
 Okay , so go ahead and laugh at me . Only a cat person could turn an iPod into a toy for their pet , but it works great ! I hated paying over $ 21 for batteries to fill up the laser pointer for my cat every month . This is such a great solution . No batteries needed because the iPod just recharges in the dock .
 This is the first Uniden phone I 've ever purchased and it 's being working great . I needed a phone with clear reception and an answering machine . This phone has both of these features . The phone system is actually smaller than shown in the picture but thats a good thing since I wanted a phone system that does n't take up a lot of space . The reception has been excellent , clear and loud . The phone system was pretty easy to setup , I just followed the instruction on the manual . The only thing I kinda mind is that the buttons on the phone are kinda small . Overall , this is an excellent phone .
 I am so happy with this phone ! All I wanted was a GOOD cordless phone with a digital answering machine . -LRB- I did not want caller ID -RRB- This phone exceeds my expectations ! The phone has clear static free reception . It is simple to program and looks nice too ! I paid $ 29 and got free shipping ... I feel I got the PERFECT deal !! I HIGHLY recommend this phone/digital answering combo !!!!!! Amazon is a great place to shop !
 I bought this product at a Wal-Mart store , and am very pleased with it . It 's user-friendly with voice prompting , small and out-of-the-way , and crystal clear . I can even take it outside my dorm room when my roommate is still asleep at 2PM :--RRB- . A great phone and answering machine unit that I highly recommend .
 I have bought this item twice already . It has good quality and great price . I am a Amazon Prim member so I also get free shipping for this item !
 I use these envelopes nearly every month ! I prepare handouts and lessons for ladies I teach from my Church , and I mail at least 5 every month ! They are a necessity in my household ! I will keep buying them !
 These envelopes are unusual dimensions and not readily available in standard office supply stores . They were exactly what I needed .
 The size was perfect for legal documents and was very hard to find anywhere else Delivery was super fast and the price was right .
 We bought this phone to replace a cordless phone that kept getting intermittent interference . It works great with no interference . We replaced the short cord that came with it with a 25 foot cord . We still do n't have the freedom of a cordless , but we do n't have the static either.I really like the look of the phone , stylish without going off the deep end . The automated voice for the instructions and default greeting could be a little more pleasant . Overall , I am really happy with the phone and so is my wife -LRB- which is the most important thing -RRB- .
 Need a corded phone that works in power outages ? This one does the job for a very good price.Speakerphone function , digital answering maching , and good basicfeatures as well.Not a bad phone at all , and at a very good price for sure !
 a handy binder for those of us who want a `` hardcover book '' feel to our notes . Allows for easy shuffling of pages and papers .
 it made my document into a super fat book.It 's quite uncomfortable to use , but unfortunately , amazon doesnt sell 5-6 inch binderswhy the 4 stars?well , what can you expect from this ? It works exactly as its supposed to . I knocked off a star just to let people know that its a hassle to use
 I 've been using the Fellowes Excutive Keyboard Tray for a couple weeks now and find it works well.The system is easy to install , but quite heavy . I do n't have much arm strength and I actually needed help carrying this upstairs to my desk . The heaviest part is the metal runner . It 's designed to be able to withstand lots of keyboard smashing -LRB- works great for sending out those angry messages to customer service for instance -RRB- . I installed the tray onto my wood desk and I expect it to hold up well.I use a standard size keyboard , so I did n't encounter many of the problems other people experienced . The mouse and keyboard trays adjust easily and seamlessly . The wrist support is comfortable.If you 're looking for an easy to use , adjustable keyboard/mouse tray , this one works very well .
 I use this keyboard tray as a replacement to the slide out draw on our computer desk . The slide out mechanism fell apart and the current rigged version is unsightly . I ordered this in hopes of fixing the problem . It works beautifully as long as we use the standard keyboard that came with the computer.This keyboard tray requires two people to install but the directions are clear . After installation , we marveled at the ease at which the tray slid out from under our desk and the mouse pad swung out . The mouse pad can be attached to the tray on either the left or right side and the ability to swing in or out makes it very compact . I am right-handed while my husband is left-handed and the permanency of the mouse pad attachment causes some issues but I doubt this would apply to many households . The tray can be adjusted up and down for comfort.The main problem was that our newer keyboard did not fit this tray because it was too big . I would think that most gaming keyboards would be too big as well . You need to read the dimensions carefully before purchasing to make sure your keyboard will fit.I would recommend this for a one person work station with the use of a standard keyboard only .
 I have an older type desk which has no protruding parts so this keyboard tray fitted right onto the underside of the top section . I struggled a little with the installation because I did it without turning the desk over and the section you fasten on the desk is heavy but I managed to get it fitted without any problems and I am very happy with the end result . My keyboard -LRB- a Microsoft Wireless Keyboard 3000 -RRB- fits on the keyboard section and my Microsoft Sidewinder Mouse is happy on it 's platform.The first thing to note is that this tray is extremely sturdy and all the parts are metal apart from the wrist support so this is designed for long term use and for anyone who uses a computer regularly . I love the overall design , it makes the process of using the keyboard and mouse a lot easier and because you can adjust everything to the way you want it then you feel more comfortable so get less tired when you have a busy day . Once you are done then you can push the tray back into your desk and you have the free space again.I highly recommend this product if you are a heavy computer user or for someone who has problems with your neck or back .
 I frequently order the banana board , and a variety of keyboard trays directly from the workstation manufacturer . Each of them have their strengths and weaknesses . This tray can adjust with little effort and has a `` non-locking '' -LRB- can be easily adjusted without undoing a knob or lock -RRB- movement . For my power users , I tend to recommend a more robust locking mechanism , but for my occasional users or for those that sit more than one person , this keyboard tray is an excellent option . The little lever at the top makes changing the keyboard angle easy and the `` non-locking '' adjustment makes for fairly rapid changes.It is a nice tray that may need a little more space to be perfect . The right balance between overall size is tough for a keyboard tray . As a safety guy for a medium sized biz , I find that users are always wanting a slightly different fit to their tray , their chair , and their desk.Overall , the tray is good stuff as a solid option in my office for those users that are not sitting at their workstation all 8 hours -LRB- I usually will go sit-stand workstations at that point anyway -RRB- , or have a more mobile staff that gets up and down a lot or sits more than one person at a workstation in a day .
 This is an excellent Keyboard tray . Installation was quick an easy . Helpful to have a second person there , but completely possible with one . Very versatile . I can move it to any position that I feel comfortable in . Adjusts easily , and is strong and sturdy in any position.Recommended buy!I have had shoulder problems from working on a keyboard for over 8 hours a day . It has alleviated some of my pain . I 'm sure in the month to come it will be even better with some help on my part .
 We used this at my husband 's desk . He is an artist who spends long hours working at his computer . The ergonomic design of this has helped him a great deal with tiredness in his arms and hand and with alleviating the pain in his lower back , as he is now sitting properly in his seat while using his keyboard . This is an amazing product.The instruction sheet for assembly and installation is entirely visual , consisting of line drawings , directional indicators , and exploded views for each of the 12 steps . There are no verbal instructions or clarifications . Initially , this looked dangerous but each step was adequately explained and each of the steps was logical and clear.There are still ways to get hurt . Care should be given when removing the cardboard piece that separates the moving parts of the arm mechanism . The spring in this device is very powerful and can cause the arm parts to snap together , becoming an effective `` mouse trap '' for fingers.The adhesive strip on the top side of the attachment rail is strong enough to hold the rail in position under the table/desk top while screws are being attached . This was greatly helpful although it was important to position the rail in the correct position the first time . It was also helpful to have a carpenter 's square to assure that the rail was perpendicular to the front edge of the table/desk . All of the other parts were also easy to install . Attachment of the front bumper bar that keeps the arm mechanism on the rail was straightforward . Be sure that the bracket overlaps the end of the rails , and that the flat vertical side faces the front of the table/desk . The guides for positioning keyboard and mouse cables are of two types . One is a clip that slides onto the adjustable arm that supports the keyboard . The other two have adhesive backing and may be positioned in any convenient location depending upon desk configuration . Step 8 illustrates suggested location on the arm mechanism , but these might also attach to the under side of the table/desk . The mouse pad may be attached on either right or left side of the keyboard platform , depending on preference and or `` handedness . `` My husband measured all of these parts for me because this item does put you back away from your desk a distance and you need to have the space for it . The keyboard platform may be adjusted for height , for distance from table/desk edge , and for rotation in relation to the edge of the table/desk . In the `` closed '' position , the platform stows completely beneath the front edge of the table/desk with the bottom of the platform approximately 3.5 '' lower than desk top . When positioned in its highest position , the platform for keyboard is 2.5 '' below the desk top and the mouse caddy is 1.5 '' below desk top . This makes the entire device much lower than you would think , but somehow this causes less strain on the lower back after hours at the computer . When it is in this position , the keyboard platform extends 12.5 '' in front of the desk edge . The greatest extension in the upper position places the front edge of the keyboard platform 16.5 '' in front of the desk edge . In lowest position , the keyboard extends only 10 '' in front of the desk edge . The mouse caddy may be adjusted in relation to the keyboard by positioning the sliding attachment and also by rotating the caddy . The 8.75 '' diameter of the caddy seems adequate for the majority of mouse movements.The keyboard platform is sturdy , and the wrist support padding at the forward edge allows for good support . Non-skid pads keep the keyboard in position , even when the platform is tilted away from level . The angle of the platform may be adjusted to elevate the wrist pad above the normal position , but not lower than normal . The Keyboard manager is versatile and allows for a good range of user adjustment . It supports the keyboard securely and affords excellent wrist and arm support . The mouse caddy is conveniently located , and also feels very secure in use.Overall , this product is well engineered , and installs in a straightforward process . The design and the quality of materials suggest that this device will provide good service over time with minimal maintenance .
 The Fellowes Professional Executive keyboard Tray is all that I could ask for . Much sturdier than anything I have used before , it can be adjusted to any height or angle with the pull of a lever . The suspended mouse pad is also perfectly situated . Nice product .
 I installed this on a set of cabinets that I built . I have a front face of about 1.5 inches that extends below the bottom of the cabinet top so I glued and screwed a piece of wood on the underside so that the tray-slide is even with the bottom of the cabinet front face . I then mounted the keyboard tray , instructions are easy to understand , and it works great.The tray holds its position very well , even when you are resting your hands on the keyboard . The tray can be easily lowered or raised by tilting the tray forward . As other reviews have stated , you want a good 22 inches from the back of the cabinet to the cabinet face to mount it .
 I installed this on a secondary desk in my office -LRB- the primary desk has a center drawer making it impossible to install an aftermarket keyboard tray -RRB- . Installation itself took only about 30 minutes , but after using this thing for a while I am inclined to switch the desk roles . This is literally the best tray I have ever had the pleasure of using . You can sit back on your chair , and have the tray perfectly positioned in front of you for comfortable typing . For example , I can tilt my office chair backwards and tilt the keyboard tray forward to achieve a perfect position.When tilting , the keyboard itself does not slide , due to some sort of anti-slide material present in the tray surface.I am using a regular keyboard -LRB- a Logitech EX100 keyboard + mouse set -RRB- and it fits fine.What I hate though , is the mouse pad . It 's too small for comfortable use IMO . And round
 Product is very sturdy , and slim enough to stay out of the way when I do n't need my keyboard . I do n't use the mouse tray because it seems to small for me , I just keep my mouse on my desk . My keyboard is not huge , but it is larger than normal , and it fits without any issues.It took about an hour to install on my desk , which is a normal laminate/particle board office desk .
 I had high hopes for this product . Let me explain.Currently , my desk is a beautiful , hand crafted cherry table . I love it . A keyboard tray would even make it better , and this product looked ideal . However , I should have spent more time reviewing the product details outlined here . Notice the clearance needed . That is clearance that I do n't have . Because I am using a table , not a desk , there is wood trim around the bottom of the table . I ca n't install the item as I intended to use it.Nevertheless , it is a terrific , quality product ... provided that your desk has the correct under-surface to install it to .
 I found the Fellowes Professional Series Executive Keyboard Tray , to be sturdy , well made and adjustable in every way that I need . I mounted the tray on the underside of a pricey adjustable 48-inch by 36-inch computer desk . My desk was plenty deep enough to accommodate the tray and mouse stand , but I can see how smaller -LRB- and especially less deep -RRB- desks would present a problem.I use a standard width keyboard , so the width issue did n't effect me , but if it 's a problem for you , there removable brackets on the side of the keyboard stand that can be removed to accommodate a wider unit.The keyboard tray moves up and down easily and the tilt control -LRB- which only lets you tilt back -RRB- is a slider just behind the tray . the mouse stand of course remains flat , but allows you to place it at varying distances from the keyboard.This unit is solid and well made , but you need to confirm all your measurements before ordering .
 Whoa ! My current desk is so not worthy of this unexpected amazing unit . There 's nothing really wrong with my desk , as it wraps around into a corner , and already had a keyboard tray . But , I ripped my tray right out and put this welcomed addition in with ease . You need an extra set of hands for this to make sure you are aligned properly and helps to have the extra eyes as well . It is a heavy , well made unit , and once it 's installed , you can be confident it is secure.The variations of angles and lifts are perfect for me . Elevate , lower , tilt , slide , and the mouse tray is it 's own entity with spinning and twisting to match your preferred comfort zone . I tried both a PC and Mac keyboard , and though the Mac board seems a bit lost being smaller , this actually becomes more work space . But it is perfect for the standard keyboard . If you have wires , there is organization for those as well . Everything very well thought out to justify the list price.I am self-employed and work at home , and on the computer constantly . If you are at your desk a lot , you owe it to yourself to make this small investment . Consider it a quality mattress . You sleep a third of your life , and work another third , so , make it the best possible.I am by far more than impressed with this workspace product achievement .
 I 'd been looking for a good keyboard tray for ages and was drawing blanks . I 'm a writer , so I 'm at my desk quite a bit , and I do suffer from back and wrist issues , so this year I bought a good chair from Steelcase and tried to improve my pain situation . But while the chair has been great , getting a keyboard to sit at the right level has been pretty impossible , until I got this tray.Although it 's quite heavy , it 's easy to install . The backplate has a sticker that allows you to attach it temporarily to the bottom of your desk while you put the screws in . The only issue I had at all was that the backplate is deep , and I needed to switch desks to have enough depth.Once the plate is in , you simply slide the pivoting arm onto the plate , attach the mouse platter , and you 're in business.The tray slides in and out of my desk easily , and is completely height adjustable , making it simple to find a comfortable position . There 's a lever that allows for a pitch adjustment , raising the leading edge up to position it more naturally for some people , and the entire thing can be pivoted right and left.The mouse surface is a bit small , but totally usable , with a clip to hold the mouse wire in place that actually rotates around the outer surface to avoid binding it up . The mouse surface feels plenty secure , and I never feel like I 'm stressing the tray at allMy only complaints are that my keyboard , a Microsoft Sidewinder , is wide , and does n't fit perfectly on the tray when the number pad is attached -LRB- it 's removable on this keyboard -RRB- , though it is workable . Also , the included wrist rest precludes the tray from being used with a keyboard that 's even slightly deeper than standard
 Length :
 Do n't mistake thisFellowes Professional Series Executive Keyboard Tray -LRB- 8036101 -RRB- for just another under the desk keyboard drawer , as it 's far better than that . It may appear to be stylish in a high tech sense , but its function and ergonomic design make it stand out from so many similar products that just can not compare.Some years back I had a preliminary diagnosis of tendonitis in my elbows and possibly carpal tunnel syndrome in my wrists , and was told that I needed to observe the basic rules for working long periods before a computer screen . The first was understanding how posture can effect these conditions , and with that some simple computer chair adjustments will help quite a bit . But the ergonomics of working at a keyboard for long periods are more complex . Cheap keyboard trays seem to provide temporary relief for some , but properly adjusted to individual needs , this Fellowes Pro Executive Keyboard Tray can actually enable a user to spend long periods in front of a computer without the typical strain one often encounters.But the first trick is to get it installed , and that may take some doing for some people . It 's easier than one might think , and it also requires some hand tools and a bit of common sense.Pre-Installation : It 's best to have a desk underside that is flat . The product description says it will fit most desks , but one needs to inspect the surface from the underside before the installation is started . The track is just under 22 inches . If your desk has a front lip underneath -LRB- mine did not -RRB- , then you may wish to measure and cut a piece of plywood on which the track is to be mounted before you begin.When first unpacking the keyboard tray , look for the instruction sheet for assembly and installation . It 's completely visual , and consists of simple and easy-to-follow line drawings and exploded views for each of the steps . There are no written directions or instructions , and each step is logically explained . If you 've ever assembled an item from IKEA , you 'll find this even easier to follow.One should inspect the parts as they are removed from the carton , then lay them out in order of the projected assembly , but use care when removing the cardboard separator that separates the mechanism of the arm assembly . It has a powerful spring that could allow the arm components to snap together.Installation : There 's an adhesive strip on the top side of the attachment rail that 's strong enough to hold the rail in place under the desktop while the screws are being fastened . It 's important to place the rail in the correct position the first time . It was also helpful to have a carpenter 's square to assure that the rail was perpendicular to the front edge of the table/desk . All of the other parts were also easy to install . Attachment of the front bumper bar that keeps the arm mechanism on the rail was straightforward . Be sure that the bracket overlaps the end of the rails , and that the flat vertical side faces the front of the table/desk . The guides for positioning keyboard and mouse cables are of two types . One is a clip that slides onto the adjustable arm that supports the keyboard . The other two have adhesive backing and may be positioned in any convenient location depending upon desk configuration . Step 8 illustrates suggested location on the arm mechanism , but these might also attach to the under side of the table/desk . The mouse pad may be attached on either right or left side of the keyboard platform , depending on preference and or `` handedness . `` Pros : + Professional looking , attractive in most office settings + Adjustable keyboard tray tilts up , down , and swivels + Mouse platform can be used on either side and adjusts up , down , swivels + Comfortable ergonomic wrist padCons : - May not fit all desks -LRB- see above -RRB- - Does not fit all keyboards , especially smaller Mac keyboardsSummary : This Fellowes Professional Series Executive Keyboard Tray is , to put it simply , a highly desirable addition to any computer workspace . It can be adjusted to fit the needs of almost any user or working situation . The only problem that this reviewer ran into was that the small Mac keyboards get lost on the tray itself , but this is a highly subjective opinion . All standard and full-size keyboards that this reviewer tried not only fit well , but the keyboard tray enhanced the functionality of the keyboard itself in respect to typing ease and even accuracy.This 5-star product is a pleasure to use , and is highly recommended .
 The first thing you need to do before purchasing this product is to know what you are going to install it on , and what you are going to use on it . Which is to say , measure , measure , measure.Big keyboards are n't going to fit , and some desks are n't going to work with the arm support system . For example , if you have one of those big split-ergonomic keyboards , they wo n't fit . A Mac keyboard will ! Also , if you have a fancy desk with a deep bull-nose you are not going to be able to attach the tray.That said , if you have an armoire setup like mine , you 'll find installation is a breeze and the tray is sturdy and looks professionally awesome . The mouse pad I did n't particularly care for . It was just awkward to use so I ended up using the side table which worked out fine.Pam T ~
 This is one of the most functional , ergonomic and well built keyboard trays that I have coem across . All parts of it are manufactured out of the highest quality materials , and this results in an extremely comfortable typing and mouse-moving experience . The tray can be adjusted to suit any typing preference . It is very sturdy and once it 's placed in the desired position it stays put . It slides easily under the desk and can be put there after the use . Because of its weight however , it should only be installed on the desk that are made of the higher quality wood . The installation is not trivial and should be attempted only by those with some experience with assembling furniture .
 I know I 've had bad postture for a while , which caused me all sorts of back-aches , to the point of insomnia . The reason was because I held my hands/shoulders up too high . This until definetely fixed my problem . It was easy to install and eradicated my posture issue . Also , it is very well built and professional looking .
 Solidly built adjustable keyboard tray , heavy and would be perfect for anybody using a solid wood desk . Will also work on desks using recycled or composite materials , but be wary that some of them are not strong enough and may tend to chip and does n't handle screws very well . But , with a true solid wood , it is a perfect match . Paddings are also of great quality , firm but not too soft.Before doing a purchase , you have to know in advance what kind of desk you are planning to use it to . Practically , you will be placing a rail under your desk . It will be around 22 '' of clearance and has to be a flat surface . Next , you will likely be OK if you are using a normal size keyboard . But if you have a specialty kind keyboard , oversized or gaming keyboard , be sure to check the dimensions.You would need some tools to install . Particularly a drill and drivers . The product is heavy and depending on your resourcefulness , you most likely will need an extra pair of hands during the installation.It is actually very neat . You can slide your keyboard out of sight under the desk . Now you see it , now you do n't . The circular mouse pad can also be positioned multiple ways . For people who really take posture into serious consideration , this tray works great . This helps you from that bad habit of slumping on your seat.If you are that type of person who like to rest his forearms on the desk , you have to remember that using this tray you will have your arms hanging on the air . Your mouse will be on a pad that is slightly slanted . It has clamps to tuck the cord of your mouse nicely hidden , no dangling cords . One disadvantage of having your mousepad situated this way is that there are more chances of nudging it to the floor .
 Sturdy and reliable this tray affixes to only the strongest professional desk tables.I 've had it for over a year now with no problems or complains . Installation was not hard .
 Very easy to install , quality is good . Make sure you measure your desk ahead of time . . Tray slides smoothly . Well built and easy to adjust .
 Learning Resources Silly Sentences Grammar and Sentence Building Game , SpanishI teach high school Spanish . I use this game -LRB- among others -RRB- with my students on periodic `` game days . '' High schoolers LOVE to play games , especially ones that look like `` kid games . '' This is a super game for expanding Spanish vocabulary and teaching parts of speech and sentence structure .
 My daughter loves this game and is improving her Spanish in a fun , practical way .
 for around $ 15 u cant beat this scale . Only thing i dont like about it is the very short auto off feature i get my herbs on the tray go to get more herbs and its turned off already .
 I purchased this for weighing coffee prior to grinding , and for measuring hops for beer brewing . I have owned this for over a year without any issues . I also have a competitor that is significantly better build quality but for this price and it 's surprising durability how can you go wrong ?
 if you need a scale and dont want to spend 70 $ buy this now . its accurate , has good looks , and easy to use . For my purposes , casual science , it was perfect . great to weigh out small amounts of substances for recipes that require grams or tenths of an ounce of something . overall its a good scale and a great one for the price .
 I just started selling on ebay -- mostly jewelry and small items . This scale was just what I needed . It measures accurately so I can determine postage and it also gives dwt for coins .
 Fast . Good . Cheap . They used to say you can only pick 2 of those , but this purchase blew that notion away for me as I got all 3 . I 've had mine a couple years using it occasionally . It 's still on the original battery that came with it , working perfectly and consistently accurate . Easy to use too - I do n't think I had to use a manual or anything to figure it out .
 The scale works great , has every feature I need . Also it 's not too too big , it 's accurate . Best scale I 've had , it 's design is awesome aha . I definitely recommend this scale to anyone . It 's great and cheap
 I ordered a AWS Blade-650 Digital pocket scale to weigh pieces of jewelry that I make , and I am very happy with this product . I could n't get anything better for the price and it looks a lot more expensive.It came in an original box with a hard plastic case + lid that I have used to hold beads to weigh , , , also there was a faux leather to protect it , but I still keep everything in the box.The seller was very quick in sending the product . I got it in only 3 days after ordered !!!
 Scale is great still working and it arrived fast . It was a different color then the picture but that does n't matter
 this scale is great , and for the price its outstanding . i have been getting cheap scales for years from pawnshops that cost me like $ 20 a pice . This scale was $ 7.50 after shipping and is better quality than any other scale i have gotten locally . i wold recommend this to anyone who wants a nice quality scale without a high price-tag . Excellent shipping too !
 HALF BAKED GOODS IS OFFERING A 600G Digital SLEEK Jewelery Jewelry Herb Tobacco NICE Pocket Scale w/BACKLIGHT BATTERIES INCLUDED ! SAME DAY SHIPPING WHEN YOU BUY FROM HALF BAKED GOODS!This scale is extremely light weight and very accurate . The seller was very quick in sending the product , and it was packaged very well . The scale is very easy to use .
 Honestly I made a big mistake , because I needed one mail scale . But the seller sent the iten very fast and complet in perfect condition , that I decided stay with that to use in envelopes .
 I AM WRITING THIS REVIEW FOR THE PEOPLE THAT SHIP THIS TO ME.I JUS FINISHED ORDERING THIS SCALE AND I DONT WANT TO GET THE WRONG ONE.LAST TIME I ORDERED A SCALE THEY SENT ME THE WRONG ONE.PLEASE SEND ME THIS AMERICAN WEIGHT 600g . -LRB- blade -RRB- digital scale . thank you ...
 This Uniden phone works great for me . I bought one for my country hobby shop and was so pleased that I bought a second one for my city home . Free of static and interference on every channel I tried . The earpiece volume control often comes in handy when it is hard to hear the other person . The phone also works well with a headset . I found all features easy to set up and use . I do n't use caller ID , so ca n't speak for that . I am very satisfied with this phone . I also think it was a bargain for the price .
 Great phone for the price . I use it constantly with my headset and it works great . I bought the 900 MHz version over the 2.4 GHz version because I did n't want a cordless phone that `` could '' interfere with my 802.11 b wireless network . The phone would have been even better if it had a mute button .
 We 've had several Uniden phones , and found them to be very robust and clear . This model is no exception - a good buy .
 All around basic cordless phone with basic features . Perfect for someone needing the freedom from a cord .
 I wanted a cheap portable phone to connect to my new Vonage service . The Uniden fit the bill . As a plus , the batteries are the same as my other Uniden phone .
 THE UNIDEN EX1976 CORDLESS PHONE IS A GREAT PHONE . IT HAS A LOT OF FEATURES AND ALL OF THEM WORK JUST PERFECT . I OWN 3 OF THESE PHONES . A + RATING FOR THIS PHONE .
 I love this phone . You can edit the number you dialed before sending it . If you misdial the last number just hit delete and put in the correct number . If you want to return a long distance number on your caller ID just add 1 and it automatically goes to the beginning of the number . This is a phone with a brain .
 Affordable and worth the money . Great quality reception , and a classy look . Of course with the digital cordless phones taking over , this one may soon be phased out . However , it 's a great product , give it a second thought .
 I am very pleased with this phone . It is small , which is what I needed , actually white -LRB- not ivory -RRB- , with caller ID . It arrived quickly and I am very satisfied with this product and with the dealer . RD Anderson
 Great quality for the price love the caller id and other features
 Just got this little kit - and it 's great ! It has all kinds of cards , stickers , and bookmarks to help make your students ' birthday 's special ! It was affordable and will be quite helpful !
 Seems strong enough to mail textbook without the postage cost of a heavier weight envelope . Have n't tried it yet . Will come in handy .
 Vocabulary is the corner stone of good reading and writing . Many smart kids can not raise their reading level because of limited vocabulary . Unlike some other skills , a good vocabulary can not be achieved over a short period . Young kids need to learn and read extensively to snowball their words . This book is a great help . It organizes essential third grade words in 24 lessons , and teaches them with activities and drills . Its well-designed questions help to clarify the related words that kids often misuse otherwise . The word selection is thoughtful and suitable for 3rd grade level . My child used it for learning as well as for assessment . He finished it in 2 months.For further word practice , I found Beestar weekly ELA program has more such drills -LRB- a nice web site at http://www.beestar.org -RRB- . My child 's vocabulary is improved effectively with these word lessons . His reading and writing level is rising at the same time . A solid book !
 I homeschool my languge impaired child . This book has fit right in with his needs . It groups words into categories that make sense . The exercises used to reinforce the words are fun . It 's not as challenging as Wordly Wise , and like all vocabulary-developing workbooks I 've found , it could be improved by incorporating more pictures/drawings . Nonetheless , it 's a great resource .
 This workbook gives thorough practice through the use of synomyms , antonyms , compound words , homophones , homographs , plurals , etc. , to ensure that your child will learn the meanings of the words used in each section . Through a variety of exercises that vary within and between each section , any child will become familiar with not only the word 's meaning , but also the meaning of each type of word -LRB- i.e. , synomym , homophone , etc -RRB- . This is an excellent tool for teaching vocabulary .
 This is not designed as a homeschooling curriculum , but it works great for that purpose . It 's precisely what I wanted . There are 3 pages per Lesson , which works well for a three-day-a-week study . I also like the little writing exercise each lesson includes , such a writing a letter , making an ad for a toy , making a postcard , etc. , using the vocabulary words . The words are well-grouped ; synonyms , compound , word roots , etc. . Recommended highly for homeschooling or to supplement a child in school .
 I am not a English native speaker and I 've been learning English for years . Sometimes I read English articles and seem to understand mostly . What always make me pause reading is those Synonyms . One day I found this serious books . I have to admit those words on the cover I have not idea what they mean and this made me feel bad cause they are supposed to be for children . So I bought them and conquer them ! The books use a very easy way to let people -LRB- children -RRB- understand and remember . The only thing is the price is kinda high , more than $ 10 for a very thin book -LRB- they are about 80 pages each book . -RRB- But since I could n't find them in regular bookstores and it did develop my vacabulary in a joyful way so I love them .
 This book introduces a set of words then has three pages of exercises to reinforce the meaning of each word . It also introduces grammatical terms by placing the words into categories like synonyms , antonyms , compound words , root words , words from other languages , etc. . This is a good one for use with a parent or teacher , too , because sometimes the definitions or synonyms/antonyms contain words my child has never heard before . The words are n't outrageously obscure , but are good alternatives for the child to learn to expand his vocabulary .
 This book has been a huge help for me . I homeschool my son that is in the 3rd grade and this book has turned out to be one of the best teaching aids that I 've purchased . Every topic/subject in book is covered thoroughly and in various ways . Pages are not full of just boring , repetetive activities ... includes puzzles and other fun activities to help kids learn their vocab words . I would recommend this book to anyone looking for teaching materials that deal with Language Artas .
 I bought all four books in this series - 240 words each for 3rd to 6th grades - and use the books constantly working with foreign students from Vietnam . My bright , hard-working students need vocabulary for their upcoming college careers , but they need to start at a much lower level . The words featured are important and interesting - not baby words - and every day we see the words we 've been working on in the newspaper and hear them on the radio . We use our new words whenever we 're talking with each other and smile as we incorporate these more challenging words into our conversations . I 'm sure native English speakers will get a lot out of these books too ! -RRB-
 If you want your child to eventually do well on the college entrance exams , they MUST have an advanced vocabulary . The way the SAT exams are set up groups word into synonyms , antonyms , etc. . This is exacly how this book is structured . Each lesson is set up with 3 pages . I use one page each day of the week with a final test on the last day . The daily pages provide review of the week 's 10 word list . These word are more advanced than your child will learn in any public school . I highly reccommend this for home schoolers or those who want to get ahead of the curve in vocabulary .
 I have the grades 3 , 4 , and 5 . All are excellent , as they start out with each word and then build up the complexity of the skill needed to finish the problem . There are matching problems , fill in the blanks , and also puzzles to do , based on the word . All are short so are not boring . I think they help build up the child 's vocabulary .
 came fast . everything as described . we are very happy with purchase . love this book . would recomend to any one . thanks
 I use this to my ELL students . They actually excited to do the worksheets for leaning new or unfamiliar vocabulary words . It starts by introducing 10 new words and then followed by some repetitious ways for the better retainment . My students do not mind the repetition and are satisfied with the results they get . This workbook makes learning vocabulary fun .
 I homeschool my son and have been using this book to help build his vocabulary . Up until this year , he attended public school and has a very limited vocabulary.I rip a page out of the book every school day and he does the front and back of the page . He actually enjoys learning new words and doing the work . I plan on getting240 Vocabulary Words 4th Grade Kids Need To Know
 I am a tutor for adult literacy . With one of my students , who has advanced to 3-4th grade level , I found this book helpful with good examples and word excercises . I particularly liked the variety with compound words , irregular plurals , antonyms , and homophones . We have not completed the book yet .
 Very neat , excellent presentation , great ideas for learning new words . My daughter is 9 years old , and English is her second language -LRB- 3 years ago she started to learn english , and books as this one help her to be one of the best readers and spellers in her class ... and may be in her school -RRB- . She loves the book , and I do too !
 I would recomend this book to help give your child the foundation of a strong vocabulary . Once they have a solid vocabulary reading and comprehension will grow .
 I would recommend this book to anyone who has a child in or entering third grade . I was really impressed with the lessons .
 I bought this to compliment my new gaming tower . The blue led lights fit in great with all the other stuff on my desk . I made a vid review but forgot it needs to be in a different format so maybe later . I 'm not sure what to say about it ... it 's a solid platform with a smooth surface surrounded by blue light.The light has a dimmer switch that will take it all the way down to off , but on max setting it does shine very bright . Unfortunately , I 'm not a big gamer so I ca n't comment on that with any authority . I play a few MMO 's casually and it serves that fine , not sure how it would do with a fps situation but the surface is extremely smooth and hard . The really great thing
 I was a little disappointed at first because I thought this mouse pad was going to be bigger for the price , it 's still pretty awesome . I have two computers at home and two mice so , it definitely has enough room for both . The blue lights are super bright and definitely eye catching . I like how the cord has a dimmer but why bother , it 's gon na stay on all the time . Good construction and sturdy . I definitely recommend this mouse pad -LRB- :
 I 've never turned it off for more than 10 mins in the 3 years since I 've own this . I play Starcraft 2 with Logitech G9X mouse and it works great .
 it looks amazin , very gammer , good sizei do n't know what else can i say , but it works nice with my R.A.T 7the dimmer it 's a good option because , it glows all the room and i could ' t sleep , jaja
 Like others in the gaming world I also have owned a ton of gaming mousepads . My favorite part of this is the light up blue logos and around the whole edge of the mousepad , which glows as well . To power the lighting system you need one free usb port and on the cable itself there is a control switch to adjust the brightness.Compared to my trustworthy old razer gaming mousepad the material on this one feels exactly the same , which is a good thing . My only complaint is I wish the mousepad surface was a bit bigger and that the usb cord to power the lighting was a braided cord . Other than that I have zero complaints , it works as you would want and need out of precision gaming pad
 I love this pad its fast , smooth and blue illuminated light is very nice . thank u for the great gaming pad Cyber Sniper
 I got the Cyber Snipa to match with my setup i have , and for the first 3 weeks it was awesome . The lights were really bright and looked amazing . The only problem was that it stopped working after 3 weeks . Now it does n't even turn on , but i do n't really care because it was only 16 dollars . It was cool while it lasted though !
 If you play on cloth , you suck . haha jk , but honestly this mousepad is great , extremely smooth compared to most , doesnt scratch , loving the adjustable lighting over anything , enough space for even the worst mice . Best mousepad out for the price . BUY IT , you wont regret it !
 Cool product . An actual fibrous mousepad works better , but this is just cool . Turn down the lights , and let it glow . Impresses the chicks . They think you 're launching the space shuttle . And I tell them that I am .
 Very nice addition to anyone who has custom case lighting or wants something extra to accent there desktop . I like mine a a lot just beware it uses a usb slot to power the lights . Not a problem if you have the space but I was on my last plug slot . Anyway it is adjustable and you can turn the brightness down . I can recommend this product as of now . Not much else to say really . The thing looked just like the picture on this company 's website . very true to life .
 Bought this for my son who loves to play games on his computer . He loves it , does its job and looks very cool with the lights off .
 Very satisfied with this mousepad . Blue light looks great and does n't interfere with my gaming . Not sure if I completely like the plastic surface but it seems to be working well so far .
 Lets face it , people buy this thing because it glows . There are not many out there that do so that are good quality . Razer mousepads are just as good as this but this GLOWS.If your OCD like me and want somthing other then the regular mousepad that us gamers have then get this.The only problem with it is that it does get dirty and does need to be cleaned some.It works with my Razer diamondback 3g mouse . I love it .
 I bought a new mouse , the Razer Naga , to play my MMO game and since i own a lap-top , i needed a mouse pad too.I saw this pad , the Tracer by Cyber Snipa , and just thought how cool it would look on my desk . . My Logitech G11 Gaming keyboard , my Razer Naga gaming mouse AND my mouse pad all with the blue lights . . I just had to have it and i 'm more than happy with the pad!The pad is n't like u ' r regular mouse pad , this pad is not flexible at all ! It 's a fiberglass plate , with anti slip feet , a nice long USB cable to get the glow started , and a very smooth surface for the mouse . Try to get a little wrist pad to go with it , since the pad is raised about quarter inch of the desk.The surface is made for gaming , and if u have a high DPI mouse like me -LRB- 5600 -RRB- , u might wan na turn that dail down a notch . The 1st time i placed my mouse on it with the DPI set to 5600 , my cursor went from the right side of my screen to the left side of my 2nd screen , and i ca n't even remember moving my mouse , that 's how great the mouse and pad works together.The size is a bit big , about 10 '' x 13 '' , i have it placed side ways , and that works perfect for me.The light can be dimmed down or set to off , a subtle glow is more than enough for me , but u can light up u ' r desk if u want.I love the 3 gaming products i have , they go well together in style and functionality , and i can not see me using any other keyboard , mouse or mouse pad than the 3 i named in this review .
 This thing blows my old Razer ExactMat out of the water . It only has the one side that is super smooth and no control side , but this mouse pad does not eat away the bottom of my mouse like the ExactMat did . I am so glad My CM Storm Sentinel mouse came with extra mouse feet to replace when it gets worn down because after using the mouse for a few months on the ExactMat it had tore through the first set of feet . I was so frustrated with the Exact I ordered this pad on a whim.Your mouse practically glides over this surface and the blue LED around the edges are really nice . There is a control switch to turn the light up or down . It gets really bright all the way up and I keep it at like 20 % to give it just the faint glow.I highly recommend this mouse pad you can not go wrong .
 Works great with my Razer Mamba ! worth every penny ! -LRB- ordered it with the Game Pad V2 -RRB- - : -RRB-
 this pad offers a very nice and smooth surface , and has 4 LEDs pointing at the corners that make the outside light up , pretty cool , also has a nice brightness adjuster on the cord , to the developers , maybe include software to adjust brightness via computer , that may be cool . i have no regrets on this mouse pad
 Great mouse pad , goes well with my razer mouse . Made out of somewhat glass , very sturdy . Would recommend this to anyone , get rid of those foamy mouse pads and buy this mother # % ! @ ! : -RRB-
 this is a really cool mouse pad i will send high rez pictures soon . i must say it does wow my friends . im kinda a fan of blue neons so everything in my room matches that blue color perfectly .
 This gaming pad ROCKS ! The surface is just right for a wireless -LRB- or wired -RRB- mouse - slippery enough to move over quickly , yet not SO slick as to cause one to overshoot their target -LRB- especially in games like Crysis , Fallout 3 , etc. . . -RRB- . Another REALLY nice feature , one which I was n't initially ALL that integral to my purchase , is the fact that the pad 's edges are lighted . It 's actually a very nice addition to the pad , however , as the LED is adjustable for brightness , and matches the lights on my PC -LRB- all blue LEDs -RRB- . The pad is large enough to sit comfortably next to a keyboard without having to slide the ` board over too far , which is a HUGE plus for those of us with small-ish desks . The pad itself measures roughly 9 '' by 12 '' and has a USB-power cord that comes out of the top -LRB- or side , if you turn the pad sideways -RRB- , which also contains the thumb-adjuster for the LED brightness.The ONLY downside to the pad , is that it does n't come with a carrying bag , but for 16 dollars , it 's still an excellent value , and certainly makes a statement!I ca n't see ever going back to a `` normal '' mousepad again!Thanks for reading .
 First off , let me say that this is by far the best solid mouse pad I 've ever owned.Pros
 This pad has a blue light that glows around the edge when powered by USB , which makes it look awesome with my Saitek Lighted Keyboard and Razer Diamondback Plasma mouse which are both in blue . Easy to locate everything even in low light ! Very slick surface , and with the Razer I had to turn the settings down to keep from overshooting my intended area - I 'm not a major gamer , so I 'm not using the full capabilities of the setup I 'm sure . This pad is a bit large , so make sure you have the room - I use mine lengthwise rather than side to side . Super fast pad without a super fast price !
 this is one of the few lit mouse pads . I like that the intensity of the light is adjustable . as with all pads , the texture will wear smooth , but it took about 2 years for mine to do so .
 First time bought pad ! I give it a high review !! I was gon na buy the battlefield 3 mouse pad bought $ 50 not worth that much . This was cheap and lights up with control light button .
 I have been looking for a while for a mouse pad that has some sort of LED lighting to match my mouse and keyboard . Thankfully I came across the Cyber Snipa . I bought it quickly with little research backing my decision . Though when it arrived , I must say , I was extremely impressed with the quality of this mouse pad . My mouse seems to be so much more accurate and responsive on this thing 's surface . I used to use standard rubber mouse pads and they had always served me well enough for gaming . This thing led me to throw away my other mouse pads due to its superiority . The blue LED lights can be adjusted via a scrolling wheel located on the usb wire . The LED 's can be smoothly adjusted for your own desired brightness . At its maximum , this thing shines with great intensity . I am completely satisfied and highly recommend it .
 This mouse pad is great for gaming or anytime use . The bright LED 's can be dimmed really low if you want , so you can still see your gaming setup . My rig consists of lots of blue LED 's , so this mouse pad was right at home with the other equipment . Anyways , the pad works great . It is a hard pad so you might have to get used to it if you 're coming from a soft material mouse pad.I think overall the build quiality is solid and the design is great . It must be connected via USB and it is quite long . So anyways , just buy this mouse pad ! It 's great for a measly $ 15.00 .
 I like it , a lot.Lights up my command station very well . I also like the fact that you can adjust the brightness .
 love it but led started to come and go dim whenever if feels like it after only 1 month of use of it . Must of got a diffective one , other than that really nice mouse pad for the price , and hey it 's acrylic glass . Would buy again .
 this pad is huge , perfect for gaming.low profile.light is cool.i have used this for 5 months now.i will never use another pad.hopefully they dont stop manufacturing this great product .
 excellent looking and this pad having blue light , very smooth but not good in shooting games like battlefield 2 and you can solve this problem , if you have a mouse like ideazon 3200 Dpi you need to adjustments in the option to 1000 Dpi to play shooting games . i like this mouse pad am using it in all pc games RPG or shooting , and for blue light you need to use one USB of the motherboard .
 It 's pretty well done , nothing to say about that . It 's really tiny though , and wo n't hold anything bigger than small letters .
 Not a whole lot to say other than it 's simple and it does it 's job .
 Looks nice and great craftmanship . Does what its supposed to - hold mail and keys !
 I am very happy with this holder . I bought it to replace one I had for years and was falling apart . It turned out to be even better then my original holder . It 's sturdier the key hooks are better . The quality of the product is worth the money and would gladly recommend it .
 I had read reviews that said it was too small , but I found it to be a great size for mail . Yes , there are a few things that do n't fit easily , but for organizing bill , and other mail , it works great . I even stick my husband 's magazines in the bottom shelf .
 I ORDERED THIS FOR MY DAUGHTER . IT WAS WHAT WE WANTED.IT IS NOT SOLD IN STORES ANYMORE . SO THANKS AGAINN FOR HAVINGA HARD TO FIND ITEM .
 I bought this to help me keep track of keys , wallet , cell phone , sunglasses , and other small items I may need to take with me . I hung it on the wall right next to the door . This has really helped eliminate frantic searches for these items when I am ready to leave !
 I did n't want something too big to work as an envelope/mail/bills bolder in our kitchen . This is sized just right for that use . Looks decent on the wall , hangs our keys , and holds a good amount of bills and envelopes . Note that this does not really fit magazines or larger publications . It 's really meant to be a bills organizer and it does that just fine .
 Good quality . Does it 's job . I am happy with this product . The pic looks like the pockets are deaper than they are . They hold mail , not weekly papers .
 Very attractive and functional . Now I always know where my keys are and can organize my mail . It 's small so it does n't dominate the wall .
 Good product but it 's just a little narrow . So , some of the bigger envelopes that come are too big . You also might need to tweak the hanger that comes with it too . All in all though a great product and well made .
 This rack is very nice . The only complaint is that it is a little on the small side . But , it looks very nice on the wall and serves as a great mail holder .
 Beechwood Letter & Key Rack by Fox Run CraftsmenI am pleased with the letter rack I ordered from Amazon.com . It was easy to install and keeps my mail organized . I also have a place to keep my keys .
 This lettle box looks great in my kitchen it is made very well and strong . I would buy again from your company : -RRB-
 This purchase was a most pleasant surprise . The quality of this letter rack was even better than described . I would anticipate many years of use and consider this &#34; money well spent . &#34;
 I took my phone out of the wall and hung this rack there . It looks awsome . Nice wood . Would recommend .
 This was well made . So worth the money I spent on it . I would tell others this is a good product .
 This letter rack is the perfect size to fit on the wall with out being too large . It fits letter sized enveloped perfectly .
 Perfect for my daughter for Christmas . Solidly made , hard to find letter holder with key holders as well . She loved it .
 This is very small and wo n't hold much but if you have a small space , only want to hold a few things , and need a place to put your keys so they wo n't get lost , then this is a good looking little unit .
 This item was purchased as a replacement when we redid our kitchen . I was happy to find it as we were having difficulty locating one that would fit in the space we had as well as match our decor .
 Ca n't complain . It comes fully assembled and took me all but 1 minute to mount on the wall . Now my mail and keys have a place to sit besides on the kitchen table .
 wooden letter holder just as it looks . Ca n't complain on it - advertised correctlyKey hooks are a little too small to hold most keychains - but OK
 This is what I been looking for to place important mail in that I need to keep for a while . Along with appointments .
 This is a marvel ! Take it out of the box , plus in the USB cable to your computer and it works !! Just like that . No configuring . No hassle . I 'm cataloguing my personal library of DVD 's , Blurays , and books , and have been barcoding away since this was delivered last week . I am delighted . I have been using it with gurulib.com and librarything.com and it delivers information directly to the websites about the movies and books I 've scanned in . The only downside is that it ca n't put the books back up on the shelves for me , but I will shortly have libraries in which it is easy to find what I want by genre , author/director , or title .
 This is a good product that worked exactly how I needed it . I have a huge DVD collection and it gets bigger all the time . This makes it so simple to input the barcodes.I had to call to find this out but it automatically inserts a enter after inputting the number . There are also many configuration options available . You can have the scanner on all the time , only when you press trigger , stays on after you press trigger and turns off when you press it again , etc. . Also options to change the audible beep .
 I read good reviews of this scanner , but It didnt work for my needs . I need to scan somewhat narrow barcodes in rows . This scanner provides only one giant red block probably for bigger single barcode items .
 This scan has multiple modes -LRB- always on , push button to scan , always on -LRB- no repeats , and one more I forget -RRB- I works great I 've had no problems . The only think is I wish it had a stand .
 Tried this on Mid-Scale Retail Store and it seemed to do the job for a while . At the time of asking for Customer Support , due to an error in the Communications Port , we never received response . Eventhough , given that this item was the cheapest Thermal in the market , I think that you should spend a bit more on an item that has cutter .
 If you have a Hewlett Packard PS 100 photo printer , this is the perfect paper to use.The printed area is 4x6 ; the paper is photo glossy ; and each sheet includes a -LRB- perforated -RRB- tear-off tab -- which allows the PS 100 to print borderless 4x6 prints . -LRB- My technical friends tell me that the tear-off tab allows the printer to hold on to the paper -- so that the printer can print all of the way up to the 6 '' perforated edge . Without the tear-off tab , the PS 100 will stop printing sooner , 1/4 '' before the edge of the paper , cutting off the image . -RRB- Do n't be confused by HP 's other 4x6 papers -LRB- which do n't come with the perforated edge -RRB- . If you want to make beautiful , borderless 4x6 glossy photos on your PS 100 printer , this is the paper you 'll want to buy ! -LRB- As additional info , this paper will also work in HP 's Photosmart 1315 which has a special 4x6 paper tray . The 1315 , unfortunately , does not print borderless , so the benefit of this paper 's tear-off tab is somewhat wasted . HP has also just introduced their new Photosmart 7150 printer which , according to its technical specs , also outputs borderless 4x6 prints , so this paper will probably work in this unit as well . -RRB-
 My Digital Camera has a 3.3 MegaPixel resolution and printing photos on this HP paper far exceeded my expectations ! I use the HP 7150 Photosmart Printer with the HP Premium High Gloss Photo Papers . Unbelievable quality and perfectly vivid colors , in every detail , whether enlarging or scaling down photos , you will never be disappointed with the output . I can not imagine returning to 35mm film and developing - no comparison . Put your old photo equipment in the attic and go digital with a photoprinter . Other photo paper pales in comparison to HP products .
 This HP Premium Photo Paper is a really good value . Photo Paper is their slightly thinner version , Premium is the mid-thickness paper and with Premium Plus being the thickest . This is a nice weight for pretty much every purpose though - feels substantial/professional . Accepts color very well - portraits appear natural , colors appear true.My only small quibble is that the photos do not seem to print with the utmost smoothest of appearance . There is a very very slight texture to the photos which does not detract from the images , just something you may notice if you are used to super smooth , super glossy photo studio images . This is with using an HP printer and HP ink so it is not due to compatibility issues . Overall , produces good quality photos and with this quantity/price it affordable to print copies for sharing .
 I have always seen these in use over the years by folks who do a lot of shipping and just never thought of having one until recently , and I am glad I bought it . You should never hassle with the tiny rolls and disposable applicator that comes with the tape . This works very well , has padded handle that is very comfortable to use . I liked it so much , actually , I bought another one when I packed and moved recently . A word of caution , however , the tape is cut by a super sharp jagged edge , so you do need to be very careful to keep it away from your fingers and other bare skin , but this is a necessity for an effortless cut at the end . Do yourself a favor and buy at least one . You 'll be glad you did .
 Everything was as expected , quick shipping . The phone itself has a slight echoing sound , but it just may be our VOIP . I got this phone because I was tired of the kids losing the wireless phones . It does its job .
 This is a plain old type telphone with no frills . If you want a basic phone with good sound ... this is it!It also works as a wall phone .
 I have to say that this product represents a breakthrough in electronics . It can be used to document incoming mail , outgoing items , when you mailed bills , anything you need to automatically tell when an event occured . The problems , however , are serious enough to limit my use of the product , which I 've had over a year.For example , the printing size is way too small and there is n't anyway to change it . The next problem is that the unit has a small ` button ' on bottom that , when compressed , starts the stamping . But if you put the unit on something without propping it , it will stamp inadvertantly . The engineers should have had a stamping thumb button for better control . Another problem is that you ca n't create your own descriptions.On the other hand the features available are good . There is an automatic counter which you can set to print either 4 or 6 digits . If you need consective documents numbered , this is a good feature . The only problem , then , is the small print . And the unit makes a decent desktop clock when not being used as a stamper . All in all , I would recommend the unit until someone comes out with something better that would address the problems I 've laid out .
 I like all the features about this neat little stamper . I ocassionaly have a numbering job that is 200 - 300 pages or more . A hand stamper was too tough on my hand and arm . And the placement of the numbers was a problem . This stamper makes a very nice , neat stamp with a good variety of options ...
 I would recommend this item to everyone who is tired of stamping dates and time . I have been using this now for several weeks and it is just wonderful . I am open to answer any questions related to it . zazasia@gol.ge
 The prodoct works as expected . The only negative for this is that the color is not what I expected . The seller advertised it as blue yet it came in the drab silvergrey . Honesty is best .
 Excellent value , for price , this product has not dryed up on me around the edge of bottle , nor has it dryed up on me inside of bottle . Dry 's very fast , easy to write over fluid after drying .
 Computers have pretty much dispensed with the need for liquid paper , most of the time . But when you 're addressing an envelope and experience a slip of the pen , say , this goop really comes in handy . It 's easy and fast-drying . And I find it critical to always have a jar handy in my desk .
 Nice catalog envelopes that much to my surprise were self sealing . I 've used self sealing envelopes in the past that did n't stick well , but these seem to seal quite firmly .
 I 'M ENJOYING MY TELEPHONES , THEY WERE EASY TO SET UP , AND VERY USER FRIENDLY . I LIKE ALWAYS HAVING THE EXTRA HANDSET READY TO USE . I RATE THIS PRODUCT VERY HIGHLY , IT MEETS ALL MY EXPECTATIONS .
 I absolutely love these pastels ! they are the best quality pastels that i have used -LRB- and i have tried a few -RRB- the colors are always vibrant and they arnt too soft to where they dont stay on the paper . I wouldnt recommend them for beginners since they area bit harder and they are pricey so it wouldnt be smart to experiment with these ... but other than that , A + pastels !
 I had been looking for these Prismacolor Pastels , however the price was to much . I found them on Amazon for next to nothing . It was great to do business with them !
 These pastels are very nice , easy to work with . I would recommend them to anyone wanting to get involved with pastel painting . You can mix and make many different colors so I 'm happy with the number of different colors .
 Standard quality with enough hardness to keep from ` shattering ' with pressure . Good colors ... and assortment for landscape work . Good ` beginner ' product ...
 I was using some cheap generic brand soft pastels before I bought this and I could immediately tell the difference between the two products . The colors in this set are so rich , smooth , and have an easy application . I was a little worried about ordering them online , but the pastels arrived in one piece thanks to Amazon 's amazing packing skills !
 Instructions say it takes 20-30 minutes to put together . It was so easy , we did it in half the time . Great quality for the price and it looks great .
 What can you say about a calendar ? It has boxes to write in , nice pictures to look at . The best part about this calendar is that it holds the corners so they do n't get all folded up and dog-eared . I like stuff to be neat , and this calendar is just that ... `` neat '' .
 I have never used pastels before so when I found the need for some I was hesitant to pay full retail for the product . I found these at a lot better price and they showed up in perfect condition . These were the same exact ones as my professor was using and worked a whole lot better than other brands that students were using in our Rapid Visualization . Its very easy to powder them and they blend very well with each other .
 Package came in before it was scheduled , the packing was perfect . There where no problems with the order and it worked for what I wanted .
 these are standard envelopes which fit out business checks perfectly - Office Depot and Staples have replaced them with `` their '' brand and we find the quality is not there . Thank you for continuing to carry these essential business envelopes - quality trumps price !
 This is a great starter kit for making basic labels . Works with PC only and not Macs . My OS that I 'm using it with is Windows Vista Home Premium . I mainly bought it to print labels for DVD media . After installing the software and giving it a test run , the printing was a little offset . It gives you simple instructions on how to calibrate it though , and my second try was on point . Fairly simple to use as far as setting up what design and font you want to print to the label . Adequate amount of designs to choose from too . Especially for a starter kit . I am sure there is a way to print your own design to it too . I just have n't messed with it enough to know just yet . The label applicator was easy to figure out and worked good . The labels were good as well . I 've applied them to CDs and tested them with success . Worth picking up .
 I have had no problems . The labels stick very well and the software is very user friendly . I would recommend this to others just starting out .
 Great product When I receieved it It was in Great shape and Loaded onto my computer with no problems I Like it
 i like it a lot ! is easy and just what i wanted . the only thing is that is should come with more stikers
 I LOVE this product , I use it ALL the time . It is easy and professional looking , I just wish the label refills were n't so expensive !
 This is the perfect product to make CD labels . I 've used this product on many occasions and never been disappointed . Great price as well . You want go wrong .
 the product came and i have yet had the chance to actually use . but I installed the software and am excited to say it will be a blast , with all the features and clip art to use . I believe it is an awesome value .
 This is a must have item for everybody that has CD 's and DVD 's laying around with no lable . Very easy to use . Create your label then print it out . The label goes on perfect every time ! Hey ! No MORE drawers full of blank DC 's ! I love it ! Well worth the money !! Would be a great gift !
 The product fulfilled my expectations . It is quite simple and easily applies the labels . The software that accompanied it was also very easy to use .
 If you have recorded cds and dvds and want to label them , use Memorex . The instructions are included plus a starter kit . Software is also included.Overall
 I recently tried this starter kit to label the home movies I 'm putting on DVD . It is so easy to use and so much fun as well ! I want to make more DVDs just so I can make more labels !
 Of all the lable making programs I 've used , this is the best and easiest to navigate . I highly recommend this product .
 I feel the need to come to the defense of this product for some reason . LOL I just used it this past weekend to make several DVDs for my family reunion . I 'll be the first to say that the `` white matte '' paper is probably a poor option if you 're printing pix on the label . That was my bad for not noticing that before I bought it -LRB- I hate white matte !! -RRB- . I 'll be sure to get glossy next time . Anyway , the label applicator itself is a godsend . I have semi-lengthy nails and it is usually hell to try to attach a label . It is never centered or else I wind up trying to lift up the adhesive label to reposition , which is almost never a good idea . The applicator made it super easy to use but if I ' being honest , it was n't because of the `` great '' instructions provided . I figured it out much easier on my own and my technique worked great.Overall , this is a great product if you know what you 're getting . It was only like $ 5 when I bought it here . My only complaints with this product are :1 -RRB- not-so-attractive white matte labels2 -RRB- sucky instructions -LRB- I also had to figure out how to use the software on my own , which is fine since I figured it out , but the `` help '' file was created in an older Windows interface and Windows 7 is unable to open it ... eww ... -RRB- .3 -RRB- I received 20 disc labels , which was the main thing I wanted ; they could 've kept the other jewel insert labels , the mini two-sided disc labels , etc. . I would 've rather had more regular disc labels .4 -RRB- The software could be considered a suck-fest as well I guess , but luckily , I was n't looking to do anything too fancy for my reunion DVDs .5 -RRB- The included clip art is just pointless and it sucks too , but you can find free and better clip art any ole place on the web . Besides , I was using my own background pic so I did n't care too much anyway .
 I LOVE this super easy to use labeling system , have quickly used up the labels that came with the system . Very pleased with this purchase .
 very easy to use comes with blank CD stickers to print on . Good price and quality as of now still works fine without any problem encounter ,
 This product is great for making labels on our bands CD 's and DVD 's . As we only make a handful , it is about all we need . They come out great every time . Just make sure your printer has plenty of ink or you may end up wasting a label or two . Plenty of background designs and the labels go on easily and stay on .
 What can I say ? Product was as promised , no complaints , works great !! A must buy if u need some good labeling ; -RRB-
 This is my second set of this kind of Label Maker . As I had used this for so many times and I can recommend this kind of Label Maker . Thank you .
 The product was very simple and easy to use . I did have some trouble when I triedto use it again , did not line up when printing the next time I used it .
 This is a great product ! It 's easy to use , and it makes the cd 's , dvd 's look like professional items , instead of just being scribbled on .
 This is perfect for me . It has a bunch of labels to print on and a device that makes sure the label sticks to the center of the disk . There are inserts of different sizes and the whole thing is real easy to understand and use .
 All went well with my purchase of the Memorex Label Maker . It arrived on time and the item was what I expected . Thank you .
 This kit has everything you need to label your custom-made DVDs and their cases . It is very simple to use , including the software , and very inexpensive .
 Label maker comes with about 20 labels for cd 's . Great buy for under $ 6.00 . Works perfect also . Fits cds exactly without having to adjust settings .
 I bought the Memorex CD/DVD Label Maker Starter Kit because of the price . I 've been printing labels on 8x10 sticky paper , then cutting them out with my scrapbook tool . This kit comes with software , 20 disc labels , and some jewel case labels , and the Memorex 's 3-in-1 label applicator . I have only printed 4 Memorex labels , but am delighted with the ease of producing beautiful labels using my photos.I think the Memorex exPressit software application is easy to use . I just followed the instructions to design , print and calibrate the first label . I easily succeeded in creating a really nice label using my own photograph.The labels come off the paper easily and it 's really nice to use the label applicator to line up the label correctly on the CD . I applied the labels by hand before I bought this Memorex , and this is much better . I highly recommend this product for CD label printing .
 I do n't get why people are having problems with this ... You just lay the sticky side up , place the cd down and press down . I 've already used this for 30 cds the same day i received it . So easy with no problems . I do use the labels with the donut hole size .
 This is a must have item for everybody that has CD 's and DVD 's lying around with no label . Very easy to use . Create your label then print it out . The label goes on perfect every time ! Hey ! No MORE drawers full of blank DC 's ! I love it ! Well worth the money !! Would be a great gift ! The product fulfilled my expectations . It is quite simple and easily applies the labels . The software that accompanied it was also very easy to use . I 'm using it with is Windows Vista Home Premium .
 Not only does it make making labels easy , but it also makes it possible to to easily apply the label so it is perfectly aligned on the disc .
 The Memorex CD creating label software , included in the starter kit , is very easy to use.It is very usefull .
 I bought the Memorex CD/DVD Label Maker Starter Kit about one and a half year ago . Since then I have created several hundred beautiful , personal and professional looking DVD 's and CD 's . The kit comes with software , 20 disc labels , and some jewel case labels , and the Memorex 's 3-in-1 label applicator . Since I have been printing hundreds of disc labels I had to buy more of these . However , they are available at any Office Max or Office Depot.The Memorex exPressit software application is easy to use . It is just a two step wizard style dialog box , and on the last page you design , print and calibrate . Using the self explanatory controls on the last page I easily succeeded in creating some pretty nifty labels using my best photographs . Some people have apparently had problems with the calibration , but I was lucky and I got perfect labels on my first try.When I print it comes off correctly and the slightly thicker label paper has never jammed my printer -LRB- a C6180 all-in-one -RRB- . You can print one or two labels at a time . The labels come off easily and if you use the label applicator you are almost guaranteed to line up the label correctly on the DVD/CD . However , 90 % of the time I do not use the label applicator , I just do it by hand , which is quicker . The label ends up in the middle of DVD/CD anyway . The greatest risk for problems is when you take the label off the paper . The label may curl up and get stuck on your fingers . Since I can only speak for myself , and not for those who had problems calibrating , I highly recommend this product for label printing .
 I really do n't understand what 's up with all the negative reviews . This product did exactly what I wanted it to do and for a very cheap price -LRB- I paid $ 5.53 total -RRB- If you plan to make game or movie backups these work just fine.Here 's the process I would go through1 . install software2 . load software . it brings up a 3 step wizard that guides you through the process where you pick what type of label you 're making -LRB- has a preview picture on the side so you know exactly what you 're picking -RRB- , then you choose a background -LRB- I used my own image files for this and they came out great -RRB- , then click finish3 . the program will now open up with the background youve chosen on top of a template of the type of label youre making . You can easily move it around , enlarge it etc to get it just how you want . I was only making dvd disk labels and with those I recommend making your background a little bigger than the actual dvd disk so that if it doesnt print perfectly on center it wont have any white areas .4 . feed the label paper into printer5 . print6 . peel label7 . put label on disk or case cover or spine or whatever it is you were making a label forI didnt even need to calibrate my printer and it came out just fine.If anyone 's wondering I 'm using a laser printer and am using windows 7
 I have used one of these for years and lost it in a move so I needed a replacement . It is easy to use and the labels work great in my Deskjet . Ease of use makes this system the best of the three labeling systems I have used .
 I bought this paper to make my daughters birthday invites . . It is wonderful . I will be making more purchases of this paper in the near future .
 This is the best phone I have . The only complaint I have is I cant find the extra `` Phone Stations '' anywhere .
 GOOD PRODUCT.COMPLAINT ABOUT AMAZON SERVICE AND COST OF DELIVERY TO EUROPE . LOTS OF HIDDEN COST - I WOULD NOT HAVE ORDERED IT IF I KNEW
 Ever since laser mice came out , I 've ditched the mouse pads but found some surfaces that laser does n't seem to work right . This mouse pad is nice and big and allows the mouse to glide easily . Also found that mouse works more accurately , something I did n't notice until I used the pad . It 's also nice and thin so that it does n't get in the way and I can store it sandwiched between the keyboard and screen of my labtop/notebook . Because of the thiness , it does tend to move a bit more when I rest my wrist on the pad , but no problems when I keep my wrist off the pad . It 's rock solid if I place a corner under one of labtop 's rubber feet.I would recommend this mouse pad to anyone using labtop computers providing convenient storage , looking to improve mousing accuracy , lifetime hygenic use -LRB- this can be wiped down and no covers to come loose -RRB- , or anyone interested in extending battert life of a laser mouse .
 While I tend to read reviews before buying a product like this , I rarely write them as I never seem to find the time . But in this case , I decided to make the time . I am a designer by profession and spend 50-60 hours a week on my computer . I replaced my gel wrist mouse pad with this one shortly after I got my new computer . I wanted something that would allow my optical mouse to track better than on my existing pad , and something that would give some protection to the top of my desk . I wanted something thin , secure but moveable , and something that was not visually distracting . This WowPad meets all those requirements . I have not experienced any of the problems I had read in other reviews before purchasing
 My assumption is that the anti-bacterial property of this pad is supposed to prevent the usual gunk build up . After several months use , it has not yet required any cleaning . I 'm docking this a star as it is not as sticky as I had hoped , and does occasionally tend to slide.Overall , it is a decent product that I can recommend in good conscience ; should this current WOWpad expire for whatever reason , I 'm liable to buy another .
 Ca n't say that it improves battery life as most mice now have a 12month life . Works fine on a glass topped desk which is why I bought it . 14 days from order to rdelivery .
 I purchased the Wowpad about six months ago for a smooth lacquer desk where I did n't want a thick mousepad bulking up the surface and getting ugly wrist dirt wear marks . Six months later , I like this mousepad but with a few reservations . Here 's a recap of my experience :1 -RRB- Background texture - Though the instructions suggest cleaning the pad every week , I went six months before the pad started to slip . However , I have the perfect environment for the Wow!Pad - my desk is perfectly smooth -LRB- no wood , leather , or other surface texture whose debris might adhere to the surface -RRB- and I do n't have pets , children , or food at my desk . If I had any of those aggravating factors , I 'm sure I 'd be cleaning the pad a few times a month and I definitely would n't recommend this for a dorm room . However , cleaning was a cinch . I ran some water over the back and used my fingers to rub off some of the dust . A few seconds later it was dry and on my desk again - good as new . Overall , I 'd much prefer to clean this mousepad a little bit more frequently than deal with a thick traditional mousepad that never quite gets clean and whose spongy texture remains soggy for at least a day after cleaning .2 -RRB- Design - I was hoping for something far sleeker than the Wow!Pad and envisioned a semi-transparent mousepad that would camouflage into my white desk surface and fit into a minimal Apple aesthetic . From the pictures , I hoped that the concentric grey circles might be a shadowy artifact . However , they are even more pronounced in person and the mousepad is gray , not white , overall . Furthermore , the gold `` Wow!Pad Microthin.com -LRB- R -RRB- Patented '' 2-inch logo is not subtle . It is the biggest logo on my desk - I even tried scraping it off but it 's permanently adhered within the surface . If the logo were a little bit prettier , I 'd probably be more forgiving . However , I purchased this mousepad primarily for aesthetics and in that regard , I am disappointed . Though I 'm a little bit of a design nut , my colorblind husband even commented that the mousepad seemed `` off '' when compared to the rest of our desk setup .3 -RRB- Functionality - it 's perfect . I have a laser mouse and though I 'm not a fan of the pad 's gray circles and grid marks , they work flawlessly . The size is great and even for 5-8 hours of daily coding & graphics work , I 've never had any issue with movement or resolution . I do n't know if the batteries have lasted longer but the lifespan certainly has n't gotten worse.Overall , I 've been very happy with the mousepad though I still keep my eye out for better-designed alternatives . I 'd definitely recommend this to friends to use at work and potentially for the home too if they have a clean desk setup that only needs occasional dusting .
 I ca n't say if this pad extends battery life , but it is attractive and greatly superior to fabric pads which wear , become dirty , etc. . One reservation is that it does not `` stick '' to surfaces as well as implied in advertising . Solution
 I have a very small slide out on my keyboard tray for a mouse . its just enough room to mouse on . most gamers would hate it , I happen to love it . I dont need a huge desk to mouse on . this mouse pad is the only one that lets me slide the tray in as it folds in due to it being so thin . It also fits that mouse tray absolutely perfect . Amazing product . I purchased one 4 years ago it finally wore out . the surface got smooth and attracted tons of dirt . but that was after 4 years of hard abuse . and it was worth every single penny.BUY this if you love thin mouse pads . its very very slippery though . if you need grip . this wont work . It grips it 's self to the surface its on real well but if your desk is on a slant it will slide off : -RRB- stay away from fellowes they are horrible.I tried cheeper thin mousepads and they sucked . This is GOLD ! They have larger ones for you hardcore gamers :-RRB- best mouse pad there is .
 My furniture is white and I have a silver mac book pro , so I wanted something that would match and have clean modern lines and work well - this fit the bill and more . The traction is perfect - I use a magic mouse - and I love that it 's very thin so you never get that mouse falling off the pad which can be very annoying . The only thing to note is that the pad is NOT clear like I was hoping - it is actually a very light grey and you see the white/grey rings as pictured , but it is definitely an opaque pad . May be important to some with glass tabletops looking for a near-invisible pad .
 These WOWpads are the best mousepads we 've ever found , and we spend a lot of time using them every day -LRB- we own a small software company -RRB- . They have a low-friction surface that just makes a good mouse glide like it is an air-hockey puck -LRB- well , almost -RRB- . I ca n't speak for the battery saving properties , honestly , but I can say that tracking is very accurate with a laser mouse , and they all have that slippery surface . Just wash with soap and water about once a month to clean dead skin cells , etc from the microgrooves . -LRB- You 'll notice when it gets a little less slippery . -RRB- I 'm actually using the large rectangular one now as I have a large monitor and prefer the bigger `` range '' for my mouse to run over . Great product ... never found anything comparable .
 This is a great little mouse pad . It tracks very well . I do n't use my computer for gaming , but I like my mouse set to the highest sensitivity level . Before I had this pad I used my mouse on my desk surface . The pointer would jitter and slowly roam around the screen . This problem has stopped completely . I think the pad saves my batteries because the mouse will go to sleep now . This pad is very thin -LRB- 1mm ? -RRB- . The only problem I 've had is the bottom surface is n't as sticky as I expected . The mouse slides so easily that the pad usually does n't move . I have n't tried washing it to correct this problem.It also appears that if the pad gets creased it will be ruined . This is a problem with a lot of plastic mouse pads.I think this is an awesome mouse pad for the cost . You get high-tech for a plain price . I will definitly buy more if I should need more mouse pads .
 I was looking for a light colored mouse pad that work well on our black laboratory benchtops . As some of you may have experienced , an optical mouse does not work well on dark surfaces . The WOW!PAD does the job well . I like how thin the pad is and its circular shape . Just the right size for wireless mice . The sticky back holds the pad in place very well . As far as extending battery life , not sure about that . All of the wireless mice have used last for months on a single battery and thus it has not been an issue for me . In summary , I would highly recommend this mouse pad .
 This is just what I had been looking for , a computer pad which is flat and does n't clutter the place visually and it really does seem to help prolong the life of the mouse batteries ... perfect !
 I like this mouse pad a lot . My keyboard tray is too small for the keyboard , leaving only a little space for the mouse pad . I can lay the right side of the keyboard on top of this very thin pad without causing the keyboard to tilt . The mouse responds very well , and the pad looks pretty cool too.The pad is very easy to clean . Rubbing with a wet paper towel restores it 's slightly tacky feel , which helps it stick to the desk surface .
 I was changing batteries once a week on my wireless mouse until I found this fantastic mouse pad .
 I absolutely LOVE this phone . I have had this phone for over 3 years . I have dropped the handset numerous times . The battery flies out ... I put it back in , and it still ticks . I have taken the phone outside and weeded the garden , left it in the rain ... it still lives on . I have abused this phone to no end . The latest tragedy , I was again outside , left the phone on the side of the driveway , hubby came home and RAN OVER THE PHONE with the mini van . He pushed the phone back together , -LRB- it had cracked some -RRB- and the puppy still works great !! It 's true ! lol There is a crack in the body of the phone , but I have no problems with reception or anything . If you are looking for a phone that you can abuse and get great reception . This is the one you are looking for.I LOVE MY SONY PHONE and would recomend this one to everyone . Great great great phone !
 In order to have the same caller id and dialing functions , without learning new commands for different models of telephone , we bought a total of three Sony SPP-ID975 telephones , to put in the home office , in the living room , and in the family room .
 I got this phone after wasting my money on Vtech 's equivalent model . The Vtech echoed , was too loud , and was an all-around disappoinment . This phone , by contrast , is pleasing all around.The jog dial is the best feature on cordless phones since digital security . You can quickly scroll through names and numbers in your directory or caller-id list , just like Sony 's revolutionary cellular phone , the Z100.The speaker phone is clear , and people tell me they ca n't tell when I 'm using it instead of the handset . The handset allows you to choose b/t a variety of rings , but 2 of the 4 seemed specially engineered to give you a headache . One of them is more soothingly office-like -LRB- so it 's a nice change of pace in your house -RRB- . You can use the phone as an intercom b/t the base and the handset . You can even transfer calls b/t the base and the handset , something I have never seen before . Also , the base has a red-light indicator when you have voice mail.The phone programs quickly , but there are some idiosyncrasies . For example , the 3-touch speed dial system used by the base is separate from the directory-dial system used by the handset . Anyway , to dial a programmed number from the handset , you push the jog dial in , and then just start turning the wheel until you see the name/number of the person you want to call . Then you press `` talk '' . To speed dial from the base , you hit `` speakerphone '' , `` speed dial '' and the 1-9 button that corresponds to whoever you want to call.You can turn the ringer off on the base , but not on the handset -LRB- as far as I can tell -RRB- . The phone has caller-id with call waiting , so you can see the number of the person who 's calling you on your `` other line '' , if you have that service set up with your phone company.You can automatically transfer names and numbers from your caller-id list to the handset 's stored directory of names/numbers , a handy feature.The sound quality is excellent , alhough I would n't say perfect . I do n't think it 's quite as good as my other , 4-year-old Sony cordless phone , one of those little ones that fit in your pocket . That was a good phone , too , but they discontinued it . But the sound quality is 100x better than the Vtech.As far as regular digital versus DSS , I ca n't tell the difference in sound quality . I live in a large apartment building in downtown Boston , but have n't had any jamming or clipping or interference problems.To sum up , this phone has many great features which I have previously seen only in cell phones , and its sound quality is very , very good . I think for $ 100 , it is the phone to get , especially if having a base speakerphone is important . If not , you could probably get by with a cheaper phone.Because of the idiosyncrasies , I 'd give it 4.5 stars if that were an option .
 After reading some of the reviews here , I was hesitant . My old Sony ID910 was having its own problems , with the LCD losing entire rows of pixels . But I loved it otherwise , and still wanted a 900 MHz phone which would n't interfere with my 2.4 GHz 802.11 b computer network . The ID910 always had great range , the digital 900 MHz quality was great , I wanted a speakerphone , and I needed Caller ID . The ID975 was one of few choices.Thank goodness ! I have n't had any problems with battery life , scrambled directory entries , or reliability . The range is at least as good as the ID910 , and it still charges an extra battery -LRB- the same T23 -RRB- in the base . Best of all , it improves many annoyances of the ID910
 After reading the review from Boston we decided to purchase this phone . We have been using it for several weeks now and continue to think it was a great buy . We especially like the jog button on the handset that allows several calls using the built in directory without returning to the base . The intercom function we thought was interesting to put on a phone , but we use it quite a bit !
 ... I 've had little trouble with this phone . It has held up well after being dropped on numerous occasions . I 've found the sound to be good , even far away from the base unit , and the speakerphone has worked well . The only problem I have had was with the Call Directory . On three occasions now -LRB- in six months time -RRB- , certain numbers that I 've either programmed into memory or have saved from the Caller ID feature have somehow become corrupted and unusable . For my first 900 MHz phone , though , I 'm very impressed .
 I got this phone , and agree with the other comments about it , but one annoying thing is that you ca n't store too many numbers in the directory without the numbers or the names getting messed up in memory . Other than that , this is a really good phone for a good price .
 This specific telephone was recommended to me by my nephew . It meets my needs . It has dual key pads on the base and hand held unit which is important . Also has dual I.D. displays which again is important . I opted to have the caller I.D. amenity added to my phone bill and this is the only one that I have or need at this time in my life ... If I take the hand unit with me to another room in my apartment , I can still see who is calling and I can also auto dial from that unit . I love my Sony telephone !
 I have had this Sony 900 MHz phone for a little over a year now and have gotten nothing but great service from it . Having the caller ID on the handset is a wonderful feature . I can see whoever is calling from anywhere in my home . The power of the digital 900 MHz is impresive . I can hear the caller on the other end loud and clear from any part of my home , even outside on the porch or sitting on the tail gate of my pick up . Another great feature is the seemingly tireless battery . After more than a year of heavy use the battery still keeps charging , now thats great value . If you are in the market for a great cordless phone , dont be a cheap O , treat yourself to this Sony Digital 900 MHz for a fantastic cordless phone .
 I really like this phone . It has a very clear signal , no static at all . It changes channels automatically , and the battery lasts for days . I really recommend this phone .
 This is the first cordless phone I have had , where I have had no interference trouble . Other cordless phones I have tried in my apartment consistently disconnected me in mid-conversation . I hear great on this phone -LRB- I am hard of hearing -RRB- no matter where in the apartment I roam . I hear great on the terrace , which was impossible with other cordless phones I have had . The volume control is a great convenience . My only complaint with this cordless phone is it is somewhat pesky to clear the caller ID list . There are three steps involved . This is my only disappointment . As far as cordless phones go , this is definitely the best one I have had .
 I 've owned at least 7 cordless phones , one costing more that -LSB- $ $ -RSB- , and this has been the best . Easy operation , good feel in the hand and on the ear and totally reliable . I would n't be replacing the one I 've had for nearly three years but I 'm losing custody of it in the divorce . I like the phone so much it 's the first thing I 'm replacing . That 's how good it is .
 This is the very best phone that we have ever had ! There are so many features and they are very easy to use . In fact , we like our Sony phone so much that we bought two more for gifts and another one for ourselves with the answering machine . We have had it for about one year and still say over and over , `` I love this phone ! '' We highly recommend it ! Thank you , Terri
 I am surprised to read the other reviewers complaints about this phone . I 've had this phone for over a year and have never had any problem . This phone is clear , never any static . The greatest feature is that it has a directory where you can store names and phone numbers . You can enter them manually or program a number right off of caller id . It has a scroll button on the side of the receiver which makes it easy to look up names and dial . I would recommend this product !
 This is the best phone I have ever owned . I have had it so long I do n't even remember when I bought it . I have had no problems with it at all .
 This is absolutely the best phone I have ever found . I was surprised to read a negative review and decided to place my own . We have owned this phone for a couple of years now and had NO PROBLEMS . I 'm actually looking to buy this phone again because my 15 month old just gave it a bath in the toilet and it now needs to be replaced . The whole time that we have owned it , the reception has been clear , no interference , operates perfectly , the phone number storage for speed dial is great -LRB- holds 50 numbers ! -RRB- , and even after being dropped repeatedly -LRB- we have 3 kids
 The P-touch PT-1950 from Brother has performed as expected and the little advertised fact that it can be controlled from your PC is the greatest feature . The software is so easy to use that I have not used the labeler 's keyboard since I received the machine . This is an excellent value for a minimum outlay .
 This product works great with the computer . Easy to type using different fonts and tape selection is great also.A very good deal in my books .
 Always wanted one and at the low price and free shipping I ca n't believe I did n't buy more than one .
 I 've had this machine for over a year and use it for household organization . I 'm pleased with my purchase . I selected this model over the hand-held versions because I like the convenience of a full QWERTY keyboard . I keep this label maker in my kitchen , and quickly pull it out of a drawer for typing labels on spices and bulk foods . I can label my kitchen items in large type so they can be read on a high shelf . The label tape is expensive , but the resulting labels are durable . As an example of durability , I labeled my kids ' school supplies and despite heavy handling the labels are still well-affixed months later . I 've also purchased the fabric tape and have had good result labeling school items . The fabric tape irons on quickly and is much more convenient than sewing on custom made labels . The labels work well for labeling household files .
 I am very pleased with this order . Placed order 10/11/08 and received on 10/18/06 . Everything was originally packaged and works fine . Only one minor drawback to this order , it was shipped USPS and I have NEVER had any success tracking orders over the USPS website !
 I use the Brother P-Touch mostly for producing name tags for my garden plants , but as time goes I use it for lots of other things also . It always works great and has never failed me . I do n't read directions well so if I really knew how to use it there would be even more value for me I am sure . But that is my problem not Brother 's .
 I purchased as a gift and they just love it . It does everything they expected and more .
 this label maker works great alone but does it work with a pc with windows vista os , thank you !!!!!
 An idealized P-Touch labeler is close to the PT1950 because from the cheapest to the most expensive models in the P-Touch range , the PT1950 supports the smallest font point size for all labelers
 This is a terrific little labeler that I bought after reading Getting Things Done by David Allen . The operation is smooth and easy . The only time I had to dip into the manual was when trying to figure out how to make margins smaller , to reduce tape wastage -LRB- left margin could be made zero , but not the right one because it has to feed a bit of tape out of the machine -RRB- . I know I am not using all the features , but the machine is so nice I bought another one of the same model asa gift for a friend .
 I started using my labeler as soon as I received it . When the sample cartridge that it came with ran out , I put in a new one , but had problems with it . I looked up the customer service number in the manual and prepared for the usual aggravation of trying to reach any large company by phone these days . Imagine my surprise and delight when after hardly any time and button-pressing at all I reached a pleasant and helpful human being who listened to my tale of woe , registered my new labeler in their system , and then told me that she would ship me a replacement cartridge for the one that was not behaving itself . Three days later my new cartridge came in the mail , and I have n't had any further troubles . Applause for customer service done right !
 Some how I managed to find this for $ 42 and I did n't even know you could connect it to your pc till I received it.You can install the software and use it to put any font , font sizes , and pics you can imagine on the tape . Its nice that you see the tape on your pc so you can position anything you want , where you want before printing it.I ordered a hard case to store it in too.Very nice labeler .
 The most important thing I was looking for in a label was ease of use and this product is great . I am a heavy user and the features that are incorporated into this device are extremely useful . I particularly like how the cartridge ribbons are sold everywhere like Staples and Office Depot . Therefore I never have to worry about having to specially order them .
 I have an older model of this labeler and really like it . When I ordered this newer model , I was worried that it would be too full of fancy new features to use easily . Fortunately , the new model is just as easy to use as the old model and has some improved memory and usability features as well . For instance , printing symbols was a hassle with the old model , but the new model remembers the previous symbol you used , making it easier and faster . The new model also connects to your computer , expanding its functionality . The batteries hold a charge for a very , very long time.The only minor issue I have is that you ca n't turn off the margins on the labels . -LRB- You can turn off one margin , but not both . -RRB- This means that you print out more label than you need and this a waste of pricey label tape .
 I am very pleased with this purchase . Not only does it offer a great level of functionality as a stand alone product , but when you connect it to a PC it opens a whole new level of usability and creativity . The editing software lets you place you text with any of your windows true-type fonts , as well as hundreds of included clip-art and symbol fonts -LRB- wingding , webdings , etc. -RRB- . However , it even goes beyond this , and I do n't think the product description makes this clear . It accepts . bmp , . tiff and several other formats . You can jump into Paint , or your favorite art program and create any doodle or line-art you want and then add them to your labels . Or you can get art from the web . I was labeling some herb infused olive oil , and searched `` olive line art '' and `` garlic line art '' and came up with some great royalty-free art to add to my labels.As for the other aspects , the printing is clear , and while not anything astounding in speed , still about as fast as average . You will need to tweak the settings when printing one label to keep it from wasting a lot of tape -LRB- which is n't all that cheap -RRB- . The AC adapter included saves on battery life , but they do n't include a USB cable so you will have to buy one if you do n't have one . All in all , though , definitely worth the price .
 I use this labeler in my home and have found it to be very effective . As others have mentioned , it is aggravating to have so much wasted tape at the beginning and end of each label , so that 's why I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 stars . To somewhat solve the problem of the wasted labeling tape , I make a list of all the labels that I need to make and type them in on the machine in one continuous strand -LRB- until the memory is `` full '' -RRB- with a couple of spaces in-between each label . Once it prints out , I then cut the labels apart . Yes , I know it 's an extra step , but it sure saves on all that wasted tape if you were to be making labels one at a time . These labels stick very well to the plastics that I 've adhered them to , unlike the tape used in an older labeling machine that I had before this one . If you are * really * frugal -LRB- as I am at times -RRB- you can save those little extra end pieces in a baggie and use them for labeling something small , writing on them with a permanent marker .
 I can easily type any label on my PC , click Print , and the label automatically comes out of the Label Machine . This makes printing labels 100 times faster than poking a little keyboard . It also allows me to save any label and/or any template ... QWERTY keyboard is much faster than Brother 's PT-1400 Hand-held Labeler with alphabetical keys ; the 1400 also errors out all the time which waste tape.I can set the margin really tight so it does n't waste tape with wide margin 's ; however , the left margin is marked with two dots which I have to cut with scissors and the right margin is automatically cut by the labeler.The software that loads on my PC also has a lot of nice templates that could be useful for certain things.I keep it plugged in , on my desk , per ` Getting Things Done ' by David Allen . It also takes batteries so I can take it with me ...
 This is my favorite label maker besides the old PT-20 . I like the TZ labels because they have a split down the middle which makes it easy for peeling . You can also read the screen really well AND it cuts it for you . The other one I had students would pull and destroy the tape before cutting . I love the light color , the blue code button , orange on & off , and purple print buttons which make them stand out - easy to see . I 'm planning on getting one more .
 easy to use and the labels are common enough to find in store on island . The price was just right .
 this is a great little printer . i have not tried too many things on it , i am not too technically advanced , but my neighbor figured it out immediately . one thing i did to avoid wasting tape between items is just to string along each title with only a space or two between them and then use scissors to cut them apart afterward . my shoe boxes have never looked so good !
 After two weeks it 's fast , reliable and I like the set of printing options . It shuts down too quickly during idle time even while plugged in and I have n't yet figured out how to change that .
 This product works as advertized and produces clear labels that stick well to everything I 've tried , including flexible cases for electronics.One difficulty
 Big thumbs up to Brother for the PT-1950Up to 3/4 '' labels of many types.Tape cost the wo n't break the bank.I really like the QWERTY keyboard . Auto Cutter . Display . functions . Layout.But what will really knock your socks off is when you hook it to a PC and download P-Touch software.It will do everything for you . No guessing!What you see is what you get.Say you need 2.3 '' labels ! No problem and the software will automatically adjust font size to make it fit at the max size.You can print labels in a chain with cut marks to save on tape.I am sure I have not even scratched the surface on what this can do.I printed out perfectly aligned labels for my circuit breaker panel . Tried to do it without the software ... Not possible ... With software was a breeze.It 's a great !!
 Great product . New to me though as I 've never used a label machine before . Has a lot of interesting features that I 'm becoming familiar with . Once I master everything though , I 'm confident that I will truly enjoy this machine and the convenience it offers .
 I would never have paid the full price for this labeler , but when Amazon offered it for around thirty bucks , I could n't pass it up . I do n't believe the software -LRB- for using the printer with a computer -RRB- is rated for Windows Vista , but it 's supposed to work with everything below that . You have to provide the USB cable . I believe this printer was mainly designed to sell a lot of tape cartridges for Brother . The default setting has rediculously wide margins before and after a label 's text . Even if you narrow the margins , or select `` none '' , the leading edge still has nearly an inch of tape that you must cut off -LRB- it prints a mark to show you where -RRB- . So , at the very least , you 'll waste about an inch of tape for every label you make . The cartridges are n't cheap -LRB- about $ 11 and up -RRB- . They 're nice in the fact that you can change the cartridges out before they 're empty . This means you can put different widths of tape in for different applications with no trouble or other waste . Changing the cartridge is simple . Each label is printed , cut , and ejected when you 're done . It 's expensive to operate , but if you can get one dirt cheap like I did , it 's kind of worth it .
 This is a wonderful labeller . Very good quality and nice software.Software and drivers were easy to install . Seriously , it 's a very good product and a good buy .
 This is my first labeler and I love it.I was afraid that it is just going to be a gimmick . Something that I will only remember when I stumble upon it while looking for something else in a drawer filled with similar useless tech junk . But that was not the case with this labeler.I 've been using it regularly since I got it . If I run out of tape -LRB- I 'm still on the free roll -RRB- , I 'm going to buy some more . If my labeler breaks , I 'm gon na buy another one . It is definitely not a waste of time , space or money . It does n't make noises , it does n't require special skills . It just sits there on my desk and does nothing except being quickly and greatly useful when needed.You can read the specs and comparisons on other reviews or in the company website . I just wanted to clear these points out.One last thing . I 'm not sure if there is a regular price fluctuation , but I got mine for 63 % off the retail price here from Amazon . The price has gone higher now . But it is still worth it in my opinion .
 This item is a winner . It was purchased based on my brother-in-law 's recommendation of a smaller model . I am using it strictly for home organizing tasks and find it easy to use , fast set-up , and good labels for shelves , boxes , etc. . Have n't tried the computer functions yet . But would definitely recommend this for making labels for home use . There is one proviso which I would note to the manufacturer . It is tough to figure out which of the label tapes fit each model . A better system is needed to identify them with the appropriate machine . To give an example , it would appear that all TMZ model labels would fit this one ; it 's not true though . Be careful about this when you purchase the labels .
 This was bought to replace an old Dynmo . This is a very good , very easy label maker . It does everything it was supposed to do . The 110volt converter is a must , it is included .
 I 've used this label maker for several month now . It made organizing a cinch . I highly recommend this product . You can use batteries or even plug it in using an AC adaptor that comes with the unit .
 The Brother PT-1950 labeler is a very versatile little machine that produces great looking labels with a wide variety of options . We use this labeler for both home and business with very satisfactory results . Here are my observations : Standalone Functionality - * Good size keyboard * Easy to change fonts and styles * Uses 6 AA batteries for portabilityPC Connected Functionality - * Must use Brother program `` P-Touch Editor '' to format and print labels * Provides a lot of options , including Clip Art , graphics , and `` Bar Codes '' -LRB- a huge plus for us -RRB- * NO USB cable provided , you must provide your own!General - * Makes very legible labels * Accepts a wide variety of label sizes * Comes with AC AdapterMy only complaint about this labeler is that it wastes about 1/2 '' of blank label per use and that really does add up since we use this a lot -LRB- hence the 4 out of 5 stars -RRB- . We also got this on an Amazon `` Gold Box '' sale for about 1/3rd of the `` normal '' discounted price , making it a fantastic value for what we ended up paying!Highly recommended !
 This is a great little labelmaker . I found the software easy to install and easy to use . The labels look great and they are easy to separate from the backing . You have available all the fonts you have on your computer and can set the font sizes to the maximum size of the label . I like that it comes with an adapter so I do n't have to use batteries but I still have that option . Would definitely recommend .
 A great all around performer for labeling needs . Would like to see an option to upgrade it to a stand alone network printer . It is best to print a whole slew of labels at once to minimize cutting margin waste .
 This labeler is the best I 've seen in a long time . Some of the functions take a little getting used to , but is worth getting . I like the ease of changing tapes . I label every thing in my shop . It just adds that `` touch '' . The tapes are available every where . It runs on batteries or on a 110v adapter . I prefer using the batteries for the ease of portability .
 This is one the nicest cellphone holder I 've even seen in the market . Most of the stuffs over there are low quality and cheap materials . This product looks elegent and yet very unbelieveable price -LRB- under $ 10 ! -RRB- . You should check out their other items as well .
 This is a great item as long as your phone charger does n't plug in at the bottom . I have a Blackberry which charges from a side port and I love this little rocking chair . The finish is good-looking and durable and it 's nice to look over and see my phone without having to pick it up . I keep it in the rocker when it 's charging or just to have my phone handy . It 's nice to use at a desk too because having the phone in this cradle makes it less susceptible to spills and crumbs on the flat desk surface . I highly recommend it .
 I love mine ! I 've had it for over a year now and have been through about 4 phones since . Every phone I get fits in the cute rocking chair and the chair looks nice on my desk ! i love the chair and i love the price : -RRB-
 THIS WAS A GREAT ITEM . I BOUGHT IT FOR A FRIENDS BIRTHDAY , AND SHE LOVED IT . IT FITS VIRTUALLY ANY CELLPHONE , IT HOLDS BUSINESS CARDS & IT EVEN COMES WITH A COOL LOOKING KEYCHAIN , AND THE ALUMINUM FINISH LOOKS GREAT . I RECOMMEND IT IF YOU WANT TO USE IT FOR YOUR OFFICE OR CUBICLE .
 I have several of these Cosco stamps in various sizes . I love them . They are so handy and configurable . I have used them for years now ; a couple of them are 5-6 years old . I 've had no problems with any of them.Cosco makes -LRB- I believe -RRB- 3-4 models of this style of stamp . If you notice the front of the stamp says `` 2000 Plus '' on all models . Right under those words in smaller lighter text it says `` Printer 30 '' or `` Printer 40 '' , and so on , which identifies the size of the stamp.The one which says `` Printer 30 '' is the smallest one , but the one I like the most . It 's perfect for return addresses , or places where you would like a few lines of text in a modest space . It would be good for an endorsement stamp too . The ones labeled `` Printer 40 '' -LRB- or above -RRB- are larger and would be better suited for addresses , or where the larger text -LRB- font -RRB- would be useful.A little hint or two - I know these suggestions will be obvious to most people , I 'm only mentioning them for the few who may not be familiar with `` self-inking '' stamps.If you 've had the same text on the stamp for a while , then later on when you change the text , and you notice that the stamp does n't seem to print as well as it did , it may be due to the previous text pressing into the ink pad and leaving dents -LRB- temporary -RRB- from the letters . Pull the ink pad our and rotate it 180 degrees , but still facing downwards , and reinsert it . Sometimes this helps . Also , if the pad gets a bit dry after a while , most of the inks for re-inkable `` self-inking '' stamps will work fine to refresh it .
 I bought this when I was in college nearly 10 years ago . It has lasted me through about 10 address changes and a name change when I got married . I get tons of free address labels in the mail once the junk mail catches up to my new address , but this little stamper got me though every move until then . Patience is required when pulling off/putting on the itty-bitty letters . Would be a great graduation gift . I finally had to buy refill ink after about 10 years .
 I like the idea you can change the stamp when it is out dated or you just need a new stamp , without having a hundred old stamps laying around .
 Stamp is nice but hard to do it correct due to everytthing is mirrorwise . Could have been more space on the pad for more letters
 I do a lot of filing - at home and at work . And I 've always preferred my manila files - with tabs -- in only the first position.I think it 's easier to read - and looks more organized as well.Over time , all of the office superstores in my area - have discontinued this as an item.Luckily , I found it on Amazon -- for a great price - with Amazon Prime free shipping . Halleluiah!Why go searching at retail - when I can have it delivered to my house - in just a few days?Hey , I 'm a simple gal . I always like it . . in the same position . If you 're like me . . get these tabs . Enjoy .
 I 'm like the other reviewer , Aaryanna . A few years ago i hired someone to help me to learn to organize stuff and one of the many valuable things she taught me was a filing system which included manila folders like these , with the tabs only in the first position . Like the other reviewer , i find it easier to see and not chaotic . I bought these folders at my local Staples . After a few years of this , one day i went to Staples to get the folders and they did n't have any . They said they do n't carry them any more . I do n't get this . They have many different brands of boxes of folders with the three different tab positions . How many choices do they need ? It was frustrating but i was happy to find them on Amazon , they are a necessity for me . I do n't know if it was this brand that i found on Amazon the first time , maybe a year ago , i do n't think it was prime shipping . These that that i 'm getting today are a great deal , great price with prime shipping and i do n't have to make a trip to Staples . They have definitely lost some business by deciding not to carry these folders in my case because i 'm the type that if go to Staples for folders , i 'll buy other stuff too including stuff i might not even need . Instead , they apparently would rather give people who want all three tab positions a huge wealth of choices of brands rather than make room for even one option of this kind of folder . Personally , i have n't found any difference from one brand to another so i do n't really understand this but i guess they did me a favor , me and Amazon . i think this is partly why internet shopping is putting some stores out of business and contributing to unemployment . oh well .
 good clipboard . There 's not much else to say about this . We purchased this for our office and are satisfied with the product . Will definitely order again when needed .
 The clip board was perfect for my documentation needs . Plenty of room to add more forms . It really helps keep my observations organized .
 Holds the Cable Modem , and main network Router perfectly , lock is nice for security -LRB- centrally located just outside the house for easier wiring -RRB-
 A friend and I chipped in and bought this box to prevent our red bull stash from being stolen at work . The box is very sturdy and is well built and easily fits the red bull soda cans sitting upright . I did n't have any problem with the lock moving around or being unstable , and both keys slipped in and out of the lock just fine . Overall , the box works great !!
 I got two of these boxes to hold LiFePO4 batteries and controllers for my e bikes . They are actually pretty easy to work with . I drilled holes to mount the boxes and to mound components inside the boxes.I read other reviews saying the locks on Buddy Boxes were weak . The locks are not super strong , but about what you would expect for a lightweight lock box , and they do work very well . These are the same kind of locks you would purchase in any hardware store . I had to bend the tabs on the locks to make them fit snug , but otherwise after a few hundred miles they are working very well.Overall the Buddy Boxes are great ! They do the job and were offered up at a fair price . Delivery was on time and the finish on the boxes is good , they look real nice on the bikes.If you want to see them on the bikes , just check :[ ... -RSB- Happy biking , and EVsRock !
 I was looking for a completely contained tape dispenser that would keep lint , dust , etc. , from attaching to the exposed side of the tape in my typical cheap half-shell dispenser , when I happened across this . It 's just what I needed ! I do a lot of scrapbooking and other craft work , where I need to tape things cleanly . This dispenser allows you to tape directly on the page , avoiding getting fingerprints , etc. , on the tape.I really do n't know what 's wrong with these other people who could n't get theirs to work . I followed the directions on the back of the package to thread the tape , and it worked right away . It cuts the tape with a generous margin , though , so it may take a little practice to get the tape cut exactly where you want.Don ' t be scared by the negative reviews . Maybe theirs was defective , but mine works perfectly .
 We received the battery within a very reasonable time frame , it charged well and has been trouble free since . Thanks for making this available . The Phone manufacturer said it was discontinued but we love the phone and are happy to be able to continue it 's use .
 Being incredibly particular about pens runs in my family so I know a good quality tool when I use one and this line of pens from Uniball has never disappointed me . These pens , known as the Uniball EX2 or Uniball Signo , were first purchased 3 years ago from my local Staples store . I picked them because of the broad color selection but found they did n't skip while I was writing as many pens do . The gel ink performed consistently for the 3 years I had them , outlasting just about every other brand I 've tried . I had to replace them recently and though finding them proved to be harder , I was pleased to discover Uniball had n't changed a thing . If you like gel ink , affordable quality , this is the pen to buy .
 If you love to write with colors , these are the best ; good ink -LRB- does n't leave globs of ink -RRB- , and true to color .
 I have used the Uni-ball EX2 gel pens for over a year . I have found these gel pens to be the smoothest and most consistent pen to date . They are comfortable to use over a long period of writing and the colors are attractive and pleasing to the eye . I definitely suggest trying them out !
 I 've recently moved from the wonderful Pilot P-500 , a needle point gel ink pen , to the .35 mm Rapidosketch as my life-pen . I write about 5-8 pages daily , so I 've been looking a long time for a permanent writing pen , and the rapidosketch is it.A refillable needle point pen requires more engineering than cartridge pens , disposable pens , or fountain pens . But with the rapidosketch , you get a pen on the level of the Pilot P-500 / Pilot V5 that will hypothetically last for decades . But it 's more more temperamental and requires some maintenance . ** Some Tips ** Compared to airtight disposables , refillables have to deal with -LRB- 1 -RRB- drying -LRB- 2 -RRB- consistent ink flow . But the engineering is clever and simple
 Having recently put my last pen to rest afternearly a decade of comic strip abuse , I wasin search of a new pen , equal in ability.Rapidosketch .35 mm has exceeded my expectations.Having read `` Sketch '' in its title I became fairlyskeptical in its design and quality ; this isnot the case . This refillable pen is lightweightand produces a very thin line , excellent forfinely detailed work.A few minor complaints is the metal nib tip , whichat times digs into the Bristol board paper and is areminder of the pressure I 'm applying . The portionof the pen that you hold can become uncomfortableover time , depending on how much you draw and theway in which you hold the pen.The ink flow is steady and I have found that lightlyshaking the pen will improve ink flow . Keep a scrappiece of paper or cloth nearby to gently wipe the nib tipas it might collect paper fibers . I took a fellowreviewer 's advice and always store the pen verticallyand have not had any problems yet with clogging . Isuggest thoroughly cleaning the pen after severalink fills with hot water.For those who use ink , this pen is a great affordable tool .
 I do believe that the other reviewer had a faulty pen , particularly since he says that the box was broken . An undamaged pen does not leak ink -LRB- I have n't had trouble even when I put the pen back in the box for storage with ink still in the pen -RRB- . I have two of these pens in different sizes and neither one has had a problem . I would like to add that I have never seen one of these pens with a bent nib in our local art store ; again I would suspect the seller and not the pen itself . The only slightly annoying thing about the pen is that it does take a couple of strokes to get the ink flowing once you start using the pen , but I find this a minor problem ; I just keep some scrap paper handy . The pen writes a very nice , fine , even line
 I 've used Rapidographs since the 80s -LRB- and all the other brands as well ! -RRB- . They 're all pretty good , but the Rapidographs are the standard to which they 're all measured against.Points to consider
 I really love this pen because of it 's accuracy . It 's pricey , but worth how long the ink lasts .
 I enjoy having this pen so much for my art , that I ordered all 3 sizes , and extra ink . I highly recommend it , and the book First Steps , Drawing in pen and ink by Claudia Nice . Thank you .
 I love it . It writes smoothly and does n't clog . Best pen I ever used . I use it for my artwork which consists of lines and stippling . Ink flows smoothly . No need for shaking . I just tip it back and forward for ink to flow through and it works fine . Only time Ive had to do that was when I refilled it . Ive ordered multiple pens with different size nibs and a few of the same size nibs for convenience when I am using different color inks . Every pen I bought works smoothly and with precision . This pen works even better with less hassles and cleaning than the Rapidograph .
 We use these pens for permanent map notations . They are very precise
 The best zen-tangle pen ever ! I ordered extra lithograph ink i like it so much . It is great for artwork and not bad for traveling suggest a small sponge in a tad of water to go with the purchase to make it a perfect set !
 These silver labels are perfect for what I needed them for . I send out over 350 formal invitations per month for work related events and I was tired of using that messy glue stick . These foil seals do the job much quicker and look a whole lot nicer too .
 This is exactly as described
 This is my second WOW!Pad and it is as sleek and very well built as the first one . Very happy .
 Yep , they are small and thin . I like that . The size works well with my travel mouse . I use them both everyday at the office and when I travel . The thin style means that I can close them into my laptop without damaging the screen . The texture on them is very good with my optical mouse so I get good control . I do a lot of detail computer work and I have worn through 3 of these mats in the last few years and will continue to buy them as needed .
 The little pads are excellent for use with wireless mouses and laptops . They fit right into the laptop case without any problems . If you are in a hurry you can even shut one up under the laptop lid .
 I was looking for a thin pad for travel and this fits the bill . It works fine and the mouse glides easily . It is smaller then most , but that is it 's selling feature and why people would want to buy it . It is slippery and does n't have as much tactile feel as a regular pad , but still works just fine for me .
 I 'm a novice laptop user , and this handy portable mouse pad is great .
 This cart turned out to be just what I needed . I 'd read a lot of reviews here , and looked around my area at other shopping carts , and the ones I could find locally were just too cheaply made to warrant a local purchase.This cart is quite rugged , and has impressed me with the quality of it 's overall construction , and the solid rubber tires , -LRB- not cheap plastic like many others I checked -RRB- . And it really will haul the maximum loads it 's rated for , too , without feeling like it 's about to fall apart.The only cons I can come up with are , you must assemble it yourself , but the instructions are wonderfully complete and very easy to follow , -LRB- unless you 're someone who 's head reels when you see ` exploded diagram ' views -RRB- . One other con would be the turning capability . If you really load it up , and wheel it around on all four wheels , it can be difficult to turn.As for durability , it 's as tough as it looks , I wheel it up steps both onto the local bus system , and also up the stairs at my house , and it seems to have no troubles . I 've a feeling I 'll get many good years of use out of this cart.One last bit , as some others have mentioned , when you first get this cart , there is a very strong rubber odor . I mean ... like ... house filling strong . Do n't think putting it into a closet will hide the smell , it wo n't . The smell is quite pervasive , and will be quite strong for a number of days after you unpack it . However , you 'll be happy to know after a week or so , the smell fades , and does n't return . -LRB- And this pleased me greatly , as the smell was quite thick in my two room apartment -RRB- .
 I have used a folding cart since 1995 when I lived in an apartment where my car was over 100 feet from my door . It was much more handy to put all the groceries in the cart and haul them inside all at once . Then I discovered how useful this cart is to take while traveling . I am able to pile everything in the cart and independently get myself in from the parking lot to my hotel rooms . I even do this in 5 star properties . I do n't care that it makes me look like I am a member of the `` beverly hillbillies '' , so to speak.I have worn out a few of these carts . This particular cart is better designed than some of the other ones I have used . The wire spokes are important . Wheels that have plastic spokes wear out sooner . The carts sold at target/walmart etc. are cheaper and wear out sooner . All of the carts eventually pop the caps along the axel but I just shore them up with cotter pins . All of the carts eventually wear out the cotter pins , so I just have extra cotter pins handy . You can usually eek out another year or 2 of service from a jerry rigged worn out cart with a few strategically placed cotter pins.Get the carts with the rubber grib handle across the back . The plastic covers crack and wear out , but the rubber grips do n't . I know these carts say they are rated for 150 pounds . I know I have put more than that in them at once , probably why I have to replace cottor pins occasionally . When you want to steer these carts and turn , it is best to slightly lean on the handle to lift the front wheels off the floor -LRB- it tilts easily -RRB- and use the back wheels to redirect where you want the cart to go . This will help your carts last longer before you pop those cotter pins along the front wheel axle . I do n't really think it is necessary to get the liners , but stuff will slip through the sides . Just strategically place things so they wo n't slide out.What can I say , I am a huge fan of these carts . I bought the smaller , cheaper cart that I cautioned you against above , for my mother , who is 86 years old . She loads up her little cart and brings stuff in and out of her house now , because she finds it too difficult to carry things . She is very short , so the cheaper , smaller carts work well for her . We bring her little cart when we travel and put the light things in hers when we trot up to the front desk and check in to hotels.I have some mobility issues , so these carts are truly a quality of life enhancer for me .
 We bought this about a month ago . It 's big enough to carry weekly grocery needs .
 High quality product ... I use it to carry groceries from the car to my apt ... it will hold them all . Very pleased with the purchase .
 I gave this cart to my 82 year old Mother ! She loves it ! She carts her laundry back & forth , carts her groceries to & fro , takes her trash out , & probably has other uses for it as well . Great item to give to almost anyone !
 Fairly quick and easy to assemble . Only issue is that one wheel is slightly out-of-round ; so it wiggles a bit when pushing the cart . Not a real problem ; the cart seems pretty strong and stable .
 Very pleased with the product and the delivery was excellent . I sent this to a friend who needed a Shopping cart desperately . She 74 years young and is currently having a problem walking and bending . She described opening the box and thinking she would not be able to put the item together . The shopping cart wheels have to be installed . She said , she read the directions but did not follow them . Was forced to take wheels off and start over again . The directions were clear and following them , made it easy to put the shopping cart together . So if she can do it , so can you . She called me and is very happy with the quality of the shopping cart . She needs it to shop twice month for her pets and her food ... So far so good . Will keep you posted .
 I am disabled and this was just what the doctor ordered for me . Enables me to bring in my groceries instead of leaving them until someone else can help me . And it truly is heavy duty .
 I just got the cart today , took me about 40 mins to get together , this is my 3rd folding cart in a 1yr 1/2 ... this is a really nice kart ... I love the wheels , they r strong ... that was my problems with the first 2 karts ... week wheels ... i was worried alittle bit ... I didnt know if it was a good supplier , . . some post said some bad stuff ... well my Kart was in A1 shape when it came and i had all the parts ... I will say ... I might up grade the cotter pins ... they r alittle thin for my liking , i wish i would of got this cart first , , , its worth the extra few bucks ... thanks stacks ... Sarasota , FL
 Have only had for several weeks but it 's working great . Holds up well . Good quality . Easy to follow instructions when assembling this product !
 We love this cart . It was easy to put together and easy to manuver . My husband likes the sturdiness of it and that the wheels do n't wabble . We use it to take coolers , water toys for our son , towels and other things when we go to the lake . I also use it to get soccer gear from my trunk to the soccer field . It is easy to push over grass as well as sand . I am going to use it at the mall when I go Christmas shopping , no more heavy , bulky bags to carry !!! We also use it to carry groceries up to our condo when we are there . It folds easily and fits in a closet when we are not using it . It is a handsome crome cart and we get compliments on it all the time . It arrived quickly and in excellent condition . Thanks Amazon , you never let us down !!!
 This is a sturdy , roomy cart . We live in a fourth floor condo and use this cart for much more than just groceries . It 's roomy enough to handle odd shaped items , and sturdy enough to handle heavy items like paint cans and crock pots.My only criticism concerns the wimpy pins used to secure the front wheels . There is a tendency for one to turn the cart without lifting it onto its back wheels which then puts stress on the smaller front wheels , thereby breaking the front wheel pins.This is easily fixed by spending another fifty cents on stronger pins , but an inconvenience nevertheless which accounts for four rather than five stars .
 i have owned this cart for 2 years now and can barely believe the quality.It has gone thru a LOT of abuse : muddy roads , railroad tracks , slamming curbs , etc. -LRB- I live more than 2 miles from the nearest grocery store -RRB- I wud recommend it to anyone ... 2years later ... I bought a new cart to replace the one previously mentioned . When I parted with the old one , it was 21/2 years old , and apart from a little surface rust was in great shape . I donated it to a relative that had to abandon it when they moved out of state . -LRB- sigh -RRB- I expect this new cart to last a long time , considering there are sidewalks all the way to town in my current location . -LRB- app . 1.3 miles -RRB-
 I bought this from Amazon over three years ago . I bet you thought no one waited that long to write reviews . Well , I do . And I 'm also trying to rack up a few votes here and there so I can reach the ranks of Highly Exalted Reviewers.Such is life among the retired.This is the best grocery cart I have ever seen or used , bar none . It may cost a bit more , but it 's worth it . The construction is solid . The chrome finish lasts well over time . The four-wheel design makes it easier to move along , park , whatever . It folds up nicely and easily although it does have a tendency to pop open again if not anchored well . The rubberized handle is nicely cushioned and makes pulling this along actually pleasurable.In he past three years , I have used this cart for laundry , groceries and taking junk to and from the car for trips . It works very well both indoors and out.At the three-year point , I did decide to rebuild it a bit . I went to Ace Hardware and bought better cotter pins , springs , and washers for the axles . I suggest you do this earlier . It 's a bit too easy for the pins that come with the cart to fall out , in which case a wheel comes off and your undies spill all over the lounge of the apartment building . I 'm not taking any stars off for this , though , because the overall quality of the cart is just too good .
 This is a sturdier and higher quality cart than most similar carts . It is bright chrome and has an attractive look . I would say if you use it at all frequently it is worth the additional investment over the cheapest other models . it 's on the larger size -LRB- assuming that is good -RRB- and like other models it folds flat and has a clip to hold it that way.Assembly is at first glance a little confusing but the assembly actually only takes a couple minutes and no tools . Basically you just push through the front and rear axles and a few spacers or washers before and after the wheels and then push in a `` cotter key '' pin . If you had to do it a second time you could do it in 60 seconds probably .
 I bought this cart for my wife to haul the laundry back and forth . Carrying baskets was getting to be too much for her back . So far , so good . As others have said , the wheels are a little wobbly -LRB- not much though -RRB- and the rubber does smell at first , but it dissipates after a couple of weeks of use . The back wheels are big enough to negotiate steps -LRB- a big plus , and a feature I was seeking when scouting these carts on the web -RRB- . The cotter pins are VERY thin and flimsy so only time will tell if they hold up . Also the hub caps kept falling off so I left them off . The drawback there is if you bump into the wall , doorway or furniture , you may see some damage to your house or furnishings . Gluing the cap on is not a solution since there may be a need to replace the wheel in the future thereby requiring access to the cotter pin . Do n't let those 2 shortcomings sway you too much though . This is a great product and my wife and I use it every day !
 Great shopping cart that is taller than my older one so that the handle is at a better height for pushing around . It does hold more since it is a bit taller . Very smooth going . Foam around handle bar is comfortable . You no longer have to touch a cold handle bar in the winter . Foam handle keeps the handle from getting cold . This cart is heavier than my older one but it is made out of more heavy duty material that does not bend as easily . Assembly is required but is easy . You just have to know to bend the pins in place like you would bend the clasps on a clasp envelope . I use it for my big loads of laundry and trips to the laundromat . Because this shopping cart is made of more sturdy material , it carries heavier items with ease and you do not have to use as much force to push the cart .
 This cart is easy to assemble and functions well . Only problem is that the tires have a very strong rubber odor . It is enough to stink-up your car or a whole room in your home .
 it ' a good product , I had a hard time putting it together and still need my son to check it out , I have to take a bus to get my groceries and could never manage that without a cart .
 the cart is well built , easy to assemble . only complaint is that the cart is heavy over 20lbs when empty all in all happy with purchase
 I do n't write very many product reviews , but I was very impressed with this item.Item arrived in an overly-taped box that appeared to be roughly handled by carrier , but thankfully all parts and hardware were all there . Took just about 20 minutes to put together after I counted and verified that all parts were included . Cart is definitely ` jumbo ' and well constructed . Like another reviewer , I agree that the cotter pins seem a little undersized for the cart and I am concerned that one or more might fail/break . One of my first trips with cart was to the grocery store with a sidetrip to a local home repair/hardware store where I picked up slightly beefier cotter pins to switch out for those that came with unit . NOTE
 I have been using a cart for the last 31/2 years for carrying anything that is more than 20 lbs . I use it for laundry , carrying in my groceries , just to name a few things you can do with this cart . I have tried 3 different styles of carts and this cart is the best . It is easy to move around and you do n't have to bend down to pull it . The only thing that would make it better is to have the front wheels able to rotate 360 degrees . I did try one like that but it was to flimsy and broke the first week taking a 24 pack of soda in . This cart is not heavy but the metal is stronger . Glad I found this one . I hope the designers would come back with a model with rotating wheels for us with physical limitations .
 I HAVE USED THIS SHOPPING CART THREE TIMES SINCE I PUT IT TOGETHER & AM VERY HAPPY WITH IT . IT ROLLS ALONG THE STREETS VERY EASY.THE HANDLE BAR IS JUST THE RIGHT HEIGHT . I USED IT TO REPLACE ONE THAT I BROUGHT SERVERAL YEARS AGO THAT WAS TO SMALL .
 THANK YOU . . THANK YOU . . THIS CART IS GREAT MY MOM LOVES IT . SHE TAKES IT EVERY PLACE SHE GOES .
 it is nice but you do need to put the wheels on it . For my needs it is a bit to large and that is why I did n't give it 5 stars .
 I bought this cart from Stacks and Stacks several weeks ago and I am really pleased with it . It requires very little assembly -LRB- just the wheels -RRB- and the instructions were very easy to follow . I take it to the supermarket 2-3 times a week and , the supermarket is one mile away from my house . So I would say I take it 4-6 miles every week , and I load it up with items such as 12 packs of soda , 2.5 gallon water , and cat litter along with the rest of my groceries . It is also a very nice looking cart , as I do not see many of these carts in chrome and the black handle is thick foam , not plastic as I have seen on other carts . I am very pleased with this cart , it is just what I wanted
 Love it , love it , love it !!! We had another cart for several years despite the fact the in the first month , the wheels became very unstable . This cart is a totally different experience . We live in a third floor condo and this carries all our groceries -LRB- approx 100 to 125 lbs -RRB- easily up all the stairs . One time , we used it and walked 6.5 miles roundtrip to the grocery store . Not even a little wobble . It held up wonderfully . We would recommend this card to anyone !!!
 I really love this grocery cart . It is exactly what I needed . I can haul heavy laundry , groceries and take out heavy trash bags from my apartment . It is just what I needed .
 This is the best grocery cart I 've ever had . Much sturdier than most others on the market . Larger , too - it accommodates four full grocery bags easily , and even six if they 're not too full . It was also easy to put together - the directions were very clear .
 If you need a heavy duty cart ... this is the one ! It is very well constructed ... beautifully designed and is the best cart ever for the price . Look no further people ... this is the one !
 This cart is everything I hoped it would be . It is very solid and easy to assemble . Its quality construction means is does n't rattle while in use . The nine-inch rear tires roll easily over most surfaces . The cart holds an amazing amount of stuff . I use it to haul around a portable photo studio to dog shows and could n't be happier . I expect to find many uses for this versatile folding cart . One tip , if you plan to haul small items purchase the canvas liner . I did lose a couple of light stand knobs the first time I used the cart . Other than that small problem , I give this product a big thumbs up .
 This was an excellent choice . It is very well constructed , sturdy and the wheels are solid rubber rims on metal spokes and hub . My only complaint is that the wheels are round but not flat if that makes sense . The rubber is round , but the wheels wobble as they are not flat in the perpendicular plane . It does not affect the performance of the cart , and the springs on the axle keep me from feeling the wobble , so it is not a problem . I would recommend this one highly - it was a choice between a much less expensive cart and this one , but the extra money was worth it in my opinion . It can be pulled , pushed on 4 wheels , or pushed on two wheels , all with equal ease . It steers best on two wheels either direction .
 I recently moved into an apartment on the 2nd floor of the building . Carrying packages , especially groceries in those small , plastic bags , was painful . The folded cart fits into my car 's back seat or truck , and is easy to lift out to fill . I can get a large amount of groceries upstairs without any physical stress . Thank you for carrying this item .
 Just received this Jumbo grocery cart today 3/5/08 and wow ! is this nice , excellent quality , took me about 15 minutes to put it together no problems shipping was fast less than a week , would definately recommend this to everyone !
 the cart was a good quality and arrived earlier than expected and in good shape . Good deal
 I 'm really grateful about this cart . I can use it in terrains with a lot of dust , or with some rocks . It has n't broken yet . It does n't matter the fact that the wheels ca n't turn . The place where I live has a lot of terrain surfaces -LRB- grass , cement , dust -RRB- with holes and cracks , and this cart stays the same as the first day I bought it.It is really easy to assembly it . I did n't need any tool . Besides the instructions said that I need a hammer and pincers , I could do it only with my hands.The only think that I missed was to buy the cart liner . Small things , just like tuna cans , can fall down because they are smaller than the grid of the cart.I recommend it a lot .
 I ordered this cart on January 24 . I was told it would take an additional time to process , in stock but 4-5 days processing . This put delivery date February 2-7 . The cart did arrive on February 4 so as stated delivery correct . HOWEVER the cart was poorly packaged , I mean poorly . The cart was NOT in a box or carton . It was SHRINK WRAPPED . I was very disappointed when I saw this as I have had to deal with shipping damage before . However I was very pleased to see that the only shipping damage was a slightly bent spoke on cart and a couple of loose ones . These were nothing that I felt the need to mess with a return.The cart is as described `` jumbo '' and the wheels look like they will support stated pay load.I am happy with the over all purchase .
 I use this when i go grocery shopping . I can fit a fair amount of things in this cart and it 's very sturdy . Would buy it again .
 I love the product -LRB- once it was assembled - I do n't recall a warning saying `` assembly required '' which should clearly be marked in RED so it catches the eye of those mechanically challenged . After more than 2 hours of struggling with the front wheels -LRB- back wheels were easy -RRB- , springs and washers popping off , etc. . I finally got it together . Since a great deal of older people will be buying this , I really think a clear warning has to be posted concerning the assembly . Otherwise it 's a great product and the supplier shipped it perfectly .
 Great product , it is exceptional for an older person who formally had to unload the car trunk and then make several trips to the house , now i only make one trip .
 This cart comes in handy in many ways . My mobility is limited , so I find this product to be very useful in transporting grocery bags from the car trunk to my kitchen . I do n't know why I did n't make this purchase earlier !
 Quest Jumbo Shopping Cart delivered 3 - -LRB- 24ct 16.9 fl oz bottled water -RRB- 2gallons of milk and a six pack of 1Liter water.I pulled it for three city blocks with no problems . I had every thing covered with the shopping liner . Cart did not strain or buckle . I broke a cart with similar load and bought the Quest Jumbo Shopping Cart because I carry heavy loads from the grocery store . Now my neighbors want to buy one too . Thanks for a well made product.Best Regards , Halloran
 I 've used my cart for 5 months now . It makes moving groceries from the car to inside the house so much easier than before . The cart holds as much as a typical supermarket buggy , because although it 's shorter , it 's also deeper . I 've transported at least 100 LBS of groceries , on a single trip , with the cart handling a heavy load just fine . The cart is easy to assemble , lightweight for loading into a trunk , folds up to a compact size , in other words , it 's very well designed .
 This has to be the best shopping cart that I have purchased . Before I went through about 3 other shopping carts because the wheels had plastic around them , this cart has spokes and it is a stronger cart , I would recommend this item to everone .
 This very sturdy and nice-looking cart arrived promptly . Both my husband and I live in the city , so it certainly has come in handy for us ... both with our groceries and our laundry.I highly recommend it .
 We bought this to carry groceries from our garage to our condo and it does the job perfectly . Very sturdy and we only wonder why we did not buy this sooner .
 I did n't need this as a shopping cart , but I did need an easy way to carry large amounts of fishing and picnic gear . This cart is perfect with its 150 lb . carrying capacity and sturdy wheels . Too often I 've found that I 've had to make multiple trips from my truck out to the end of the fishing pier to get all my equipment situated . Not any more . Everything is piled in -LRB- and on -RRB- and off I go . When not in use the cart folds flat and hangs out of the way in my garage . A really convenient item for moving all my toys around . I 'd recommend it to anyone .
 I did alot of research online before selecting this shopping cart as a gift for my sister , -LRB- who is in her 70s -RRB- , in another state , that has some medical problems . I wondered if I should spend the extra money for it rather then selecting one that was cheaper . I am so glad I did . She said she had no problem with the easy assembly of it and said it is so sturdy . The height of the basket of the cart holds her groceries without them overflowing . The four sturdy wheels makes it so easy for her to handle and I know it will travel over ice and snow with ease for her this winter . She said she never realized how much she needed a cart and now would not be without it . She said she is quite sure it is the best one made .
 The cart looks very nice and supports enough weight for a heavy day in a grocery store -LRB- I put around 80 lbs inside -RRB- .
 Connected and worked very nice without any trouble , I would buy again if I needed a phone .
 These telephones were exactly what we needed to enable my husband , who is hard of hearing , to use the telephone successfully . They arrived in perfect condition and were easily connected .
 We 've had this phone for about 2 years now , and we like it ! We have had no problems with static noise or reception . We have a basic 2000 sq foot home and I have no problems using it in any part of our home . My only problem with it is that I think the ringer and handset volume is too loud even on the lowest setting . We mainly bought this phone because it was pretty much the only phone that we could find that came with 2 handsets and did NOT have an answering machine . We like it and have not had any problems with it what so ever .
 I have had these phones for about 3 months and they work great . I use them with Vonage and had not had any problems . The caller ID , rings , all are great .
 We keep our printer on a lower shelf of a cabinet next to our computer which holds the printer on top . It makes it look much neater than paper just stacked on its own . High quality , too.l
 Looks great with our desk set . Color is accurate in real life as compared to picture . Very nice quality , can not see `` seams '' where wood has been adhered together .
 I went to Target to purchase this paper shredder . I shred papers , and credit cards and have no trouble at all . It is fairly quiet and shreds the papers into an unreadable size , also the credit card . I was impressed ! It has `` jam resistant '' rollers and it pulls the paper down with no effort at all . The basket is wide and holds quite a bit and is easy to empty into a trash bag . I had a hard time finding it at Target , though . I began my search in the Stationary section , but only found the cheap shredders . I kept looking and the `` better '' ones are in the electronics section , next to the cell phones ! I would have paid twice the price for one that works this well ! I have no complaints about it al all !
 I 've owned this shredder for over 6 months now , and I 'm generally satisfied with its performance thus far . I use it on a usual basis to shred up old bank statements , credit card offers , and other sensative documents . Although the manufacturer claims it can do `` 10 sheets of paper at a time , '' I find that claim somewhat exaggerated . I typically only shred 3 pieces of paper at a time , and even then the machine is growling . At this point , I 'm not adventurous enough to experiment with 10 . My roommate has shredded a few credit cards before , and the machine seems to take it just fine . I read that a fellow reviewer has even managed to shred CDs with his machine -- that must be quite a show ... The machine includes a reverse button if ever you feed it too much paper , and it jams . Again , since I only do 3 sheets at a time , I rarely have to use that button.The only complaints I have about the machine are its noise and weight . Every time I shred something , I like to joke with my friends that my paper shredder 's `` getting ready to take off . '' Granted , the thing is n't as loud as a jet engine , but I certainly would n't place it near anyone watching TV or speaking on the phone . Perhaps the noise has something to do with the cross-cutting action ? Secondly , the shredder is also quite heavy , so just be careful . In fact , the weight is probably why the manufacturer included the 4 rolling casters . But most people will probably place it in a permanent location , so I suppose weight is n't a lasting issue.As a last point , I just want to caution people against using this machine continuously for more than 30 + minutes . You have to remember that this is not an industrial shredder , so do n't use it that way ! Do n't shred 10 pieces of paper at a time , non-stop for over 30 minutes . The folks who claimed that their machines broke down soon after they purchased it are probably the same people who decided to shred several years worth of documents -LRB- a la Enron -RRB- in the course of 2 hours . If I drove my car at 100 mph , non-stop for 2 hours , I could imagine similar breakdowns . So , exercise sound judgement and shred in moderation . Good night and good luck !
 When I first bought this shredder , I had boxes of papers piled up and needing proper destruction . The shredder handled it great . It did jam up and freeze up on me but I can not say it was to the fault of the shredder , but more user error . The manual does state that it can only be used for a designated time of continuous use . After cooling down and removing any jams it worked fine and has been working strong for over a year now . I now use it for my modest needs with papers , envelopes , credit cards , and even the occasional CD-ROM . Good for the average user and good for the money !
 have had this machine about 4 or 5 months now and I use it about once a week to cut up junk mail , old credit cards and other paperwork . It 's relatively quiet and is still working great . I make sure that I 'm not over stuffing paper into the machine all at once and so far have been jam free .
 I have owned this shredder for over a year and works fine . Shreds credit cards as well as multiple sheets . I do n't run it over 2-3 mins when I use it and let it rest at least 5 mins between uses.The auto shutoff quit working after 6 mos , but that is not a problem for me as I just turn it off when I am finished.Good shredder for the price .
 I 've had the unit about 4 weeks and have no problems at all with the unit . I have been using it to shred much of the junk mail we all receive and it has performed admirably for both large and small pieces . As many of you are aware the credit card companies send volumes of junk , including plastic reproductions of their cards , and shredding all this junk has been no problem .
 Shredder does what it is advertized to do . Works well and is easy to use / \ .
 I 've had this shredder now for three months now and have filled up a few big garbage bags with confetti . I would say that I 've already gotten a lot of use from it and I am duly impressed with its performance . The auto-on/off works with little slips and receipts -LRB- unlike some Fellowes models -RRB- ; it will chug through multi-sheets , but I do n't recommend pushing it to capacity -LRB- ten sheets -RRB- as one can really hear the motor start to labor and slow down . The drawer recepticle is easy to handle and makes dumping the shredded paper fairly easy . I do wish that they had molded a handle or some kind of grip into the bottom of the recepticle , it would handle better when dumping . For the money , I think this little shredder does more than its share .
 This shredder works wonderful and looks great . I really like the tuck away garbage can . It cut up my credit cards with NO PROBLEMS !! WONDERFUL product . If you are considering this shredder ... IT 'S THE BEST FOR THE MONEY ! Very sleek looking . WONDERFUL !!!!!!! A + + + + + + + + + + + + !!!!!!
 THIS SHREDDER IS AWESOME , I LOVE IT , IT CAN HANDLE ANYTHING YOU PUT IN IT . GREAT BUY ! WORTH MORE MONEY ...
 If a paper shredder could have `` class '' , the Royal 85x is the one . No other shredder I 've ever seen has the design , good looks , and `` fit-and-finish '' of this one . We have had lots of shredders in the past but none operate as quietly , as smoothly , or look as handsome as the Royal 85x . I am so enthusiastic because this is like the Lexus of shredders for one-third the price of an equivalent model from Fellowes -LRB- which is what I last had -RRB- .
 I also bought this shredder at Target about a year ago and it has never given me any trouble ! It shreds paper and credit cards with ease . I 've also found it will handle CDs and DVDs but that is more or less hit and miss , some CDs/DVDs it has no problem with , others it just ca n't handle , but I can live with that since it does n't say anywhere that it can shred CDs/DVDs . I believe that if the motor had just a little bit stronger it would be a great CD/DVD shredder too ! For $ 50 it was/is well worth the price .
 I have been using this shredder for at least a year and have had no problems with it . I use it daily and it continues to be reliable . I have tried several different shredders prior to this one and none of them lasted longer than a few months .
 1 . Shredding Method Makes Small Pieces .2 . Can Shred Three or Four Pieces At A Time .3 . Unit Does Not Take Up Much Space .4 . Basket Easy To Dump Shredded Product Out .
 This shredder just wo n't quit . I 've had it for over five years and it shreds the endless pounds of junk mail that I receive on a daily basis . Out of date credit cards ? No problem . Just put them in the center of the shedder 's mouth and in an instant they 're turned to plastic confetti . To test it 's capability , I 've successfully shredded 20 8.5 x11 sheets of paper all at once.Twice , I 've gotten lazy and shred laminated and glue-backed return mailing labels . Strong adhesives are not meant to be shredded . After unplugging the unit from the AC I took the top off and removed the adhesive label that was stuck to the shredder 's teeth . Worked like a charm . Ca n't say enough about the efficiency , durability and overall ease of this product .
 I 've had this shredder for 2 or 3 years now , and it continues to serve well.I use it frequently -LRB- daily -RRB- , but I do not overload it -LRB- trying to run too much paper through at once is a killer for any shredder -- this is my fourth -RRB- . Knock on wood , I 've never had a problem with it . It 's never jammed on me , probably because I do n't overload it.I grumble a little when I go to empty the basket because there are always little shreds of paper that get on my carpet , but that 's true of any shredder -LRB- especially these that have a built-in `` drawer '' to hold the shreds -RRB- . I 'm looking to get one for my husband 's office , and will likely buy him this one , since it 's served me so well over the years .
 I have had several paper shredders in the past , but this one is the greatest . I just wish that I bought the next size up . I lost my Mom this summer and she saved everything so I had a lot of her paper receipts , etc to get rid of and most of them had staples . This little thing just zipped thru all of them . I just love it . Would recomend it to anyone .
 This shredder is perfect for what I use it for , and gets the job done . Hard to jam . The only reason I did not give it 5 stars is because I feel that it could use the next size larger rollers . All in all , a good value for the price .
 I loved the first one so much that I purchased a second . I plan to purchase a third , one for each of my three classes . They look very snazzy on my desk , and they are deep enough to be super-efficient -LRB- which is crucial -RRB- . They are expensive ; however , the mahogany wood is beautiful and elegant .
 a very nice tray that keeps all your mess in order . i especially like its simplicity , the color of the wood , and the workmanship .
 This is the perfect color and exactly like the mailboxes that we replaced in our office . Thank you , thank you , thank you .
 I got it from the seller , price_busters and it is the exactly same one as the picture . It works great . It can shred papers and even credit cards into unreadable small pieces . It works for up to 5 pages of papers at one time and has gone for as long as 15 minutes without cooling down . It is fairly quiet and even has an auto button to allow it to work only when it actually detects papers into it . You can also easily clear it when it 's jammed using a reverse button . Furthermore , the trash basket is very easy to empty it and holds quite a bit . I even put a trash bag into it and throw away a whole bag . I am quite satisfied with it .
 I 've been using my shredder for more than 4 years , and I love it . I was looking around the websites because I just heard that shredders need to be lubricated , and I was looking for info about that.I ca n't believe we 're all talking about the same shredder ! What are those people feeding it ? I 'm not sure a `` 5 page '' shredder is accurate , because I think it will balk at 5 pages , unless it 's tissue paper , and it would n't serve a business well , but I 'm a happy shredder .
 I have had nothing but success with this product.I use it to shred my mail , bills , junk mail , catalogs etc. I have been thru 5-6 baskests full , it reduces the amount of bulky waste I have to dispose of , protects my accounts , and works great !
 If you are looking for a paper shredder for home use , this is the one . As with any appliance , treat it kindly and it obeys . I only put one to two pieces of paper at a time and it gladly obliterates them . Easy to use , easy to clean .
 This shredder works pretty good . It does overheat after long continuous use -LRB- 15 min roughly -RRB- but that 's only if you let your paper pile up like I did . I would also say putting 5 sheets of paper maximum into the shredder is a little inaccurate . It goes slow so i put less than that in at a time . I 'm pretty happy with it so far , but we have n't had it that long .
 I find this shredder good for what use it will receive in my home . Even though it is not in the product discription , it will cut up credit cards with ease .
 Delivery was as promised . The item was as described . I am satisfied with the product and service . Would order this item in the same manner if I needed another one .
 Both my husband and I love this machine . We had an old model with out auto start and no finger guard . Some of the teeth had broke . Love the new one with the new features .
 It amazes me how every shredder on Amazon has some negative review that states it 's the worst thing since Hitler . Every shredder regardless of price needs to be oiled in order to prevent the paper particles from drying out the gears . Buy paper shredder lube or if that 's too messy get the 8x12 oiled paper sheets that they sell at Staples or any office supply store.And try not to be Ollie North and shred 500 pages in one sitting . When the shredder breaks down that 's not a manufacturing defect , that 's basic science .
 I had hoped for a shredder that was easy to use and to store . I got both . I expect many years of use from it .
 Croos-cut shreds great . Believe it or not I use the shredded paper to line my bird cages - it works great !
 This item is terrific . It fit right into the box I had from my old shredder and I 'm very happy with it .
 Let 's face it , when you do shopping for something , you do `` shopping '' . When you go to a stake house , you do n't expect you to dump your trash into the can by the exit when you 're done . You paid your tennis shoes for $ 10 , while you notice there are some at $ 100 . For those who realize that this JS-55 was n't the right one for your lifestyle , I 'm sure you saw there are some cost $ 100 . You see these top-class at a bank , or in some CEO 's corner office . And this JS-55 wo n't do the job for you , that 's probably true.I 'm not a lawyer or a collector , so I do n't have 100 sheets to be shredded an hour . This is perfect shredder for my lifestyle.We all know that we are not stupid . The old saying is true -- you get what you pay for . I 'm so glad that I have this shredder . LOve it !
 We own two of these shredders one by my desk and one at my husband 's desk . Each one works like a breeze , they are so reliable for home use . They have a good safety overload which resets in 15 minutes off which is a feature we love about it ! . We highly recommend this shredder !
 The only thing I did n't like about my shredder is that it did n't come with a waste basket . No mention of this fact was made on the listing and the image showed a shredder with a waste basket . Fortunately I discovered that it fits perfectly well over the openning of those small black plastic waste baskets that are sold at Office Depot . So now I have a shredder with a waste basket.Other than the shredder not having a waste basket , the shredder works perfect . No warm-up needed at all . Just plug in , turn on , and begin shredding .
 It is just the right size for old arthritic fingers to grip , has a soft rubber grip at the base which helps a lot , and it writes very smoothly . The Pentel Excaliber Roller Ball Pen just ca n't be beat for the price , looks , and quality .
 If you 've had `` nice '' pens before , this will immediately be unimpressive . Then you consider how much it costs ... and you feel a lot better about it . I paid $ 14 delivered and can say I like it very much . If the finish lasts a year or two I 'll be very satisfied . It 's got a `` light '' feel to it ... almost too light for the way it looks , but acceptable.If you 're hoping to impress clients signing contracts by handing them this pen , it 's not going to happen , but it 's better than a bic and beats losing $ 100 + pens in the field ...
 I 'm what you could call a pen addict . One thing I always tell people is to `` always carry a pen '' and I always do . Since I keep a pen in my pants pocket , retractable pens always manage to click when I sit down . Furthermore , any lint that I have in my pockets will gunk up the writing tip , eventually ruining a perfectly good pen . I decided to stick with a capped pen since the ink will always be protected . I went with the Pentel Excalibur because it is compatible with a huge array of gel ink refills . Pentel EnerGel , Uniball Signo , Tul , and Uniball Jetstreams -LRB- my personal favorite -RRB- . They are not entirely compatible with Pilot G2 refills because the nib is wider on the G2 . It will work , but the nib on the refill wo n't stick out very far , so it feels awkward to write with . It really does n't make a difference because I consider the G2 to be more of a budget gel pen . The Pentel EnerGel and Uniball Signo as well as the Uniball Jetstream carry a higher price tag for a reason.The Excalibur has a decent weight to it . It 's not too much where you will experience additional fatigue when writing , but it 's got a good heft to it . The silver finish and gold plated accents are top notch and look fantastic . I purchased this pen after purchasing a black Excalibur . I must say that the silver finish is a lot easier on the eyes and does n't look as gaudy as the black finish . I use the black Excalibur on formal occassions , but the silver Excalibur is my daily driver . Unfortunately , the clip on the cap broke off after a few months of daily usage . A little steel epoxy fixed that and now , no one is the wiser.Overall , the pen comes in a nice box and would make a great gift . Pentel makes fantastic pens and this one should be sold in more stores . It 's a definite eye catcher and heart winner ... because it 's definitely got mine .
 I 've been so happy with the Pentel rollerball quality that I keep buying them over and over . I own both a Montblanc and a Waterman , but they sit in a drawer because I 'm afraid I 'll loos them , and honestly , I like Pentels better.The original model I bought came in multiple colors of brushed aluminum and were priced at only $ 8 , but that was years ago . That version was discontinued in the '90s ; so I opted for the new model that came only in brushed aluminum silver . I bought a dozen but on a recent trip , I think I left my last one in an airport security bin ; so I went to a local stationery store to get a replacement , but they quit making that model too.I bought a silver one to try and after using it for a few days , I ordered more , but the online prices are far better . The good news is , this is a far better pen and it 's still priced right too . It 's a much better looking pen ; so the extra couple dollars from '80s pricing is minimal.The ink is consistently free-flowing and never `` blobs '' or skips . I 've tried gel pens and other ink rollers , but none compare to these . The Excalibur is a new model for me , but the cartridges are the same ; so I 'm sure it 's going to be my new favorite .
 Great looking , great build quality.It writes fine , even after many years of owning it and not using it.Probably the nicest pen at this price .
 The pen is an excellent writing tool which I use often . I am very happy with the pen and the price I paid .
 This was so nice , it is the second one I ordered , one for me , one for my mom . It 's a good program !
 This bookelt is very informative , easy to follow bu the food mover should be purchased to further assist you in reaching your goal .
 I can not believe this cost so little for so much !! This is a nice three ring binder with ALL the information you 'll need to start eating healthier . You do n't really have to have his `` food mover '' but I did order it from his website . It makes it easier to keep track of what I eat . It is sold here on Amazon for half of what I paid thru his website ! In this binder he shows an `` updated '' food mover . But even I got sent his older version from his website . But it works the same so it 's not a problem . Good luck in your weight loss and the same to myself !!
 I ca n't believe I found this journal ! I did n't even know it exsisted.It is the perfect item for my FOOD MOVER weight plan . Great price and quality .
 This book is a great journal of Richard Simmons wonderful suggestions and motivations to help in getting fit . I am using it with the food mover and find the size easy to carry .
 I like this book . It gives a list if restaurants and their calories . It should come in handy . It also included recipe 's that were good .
 i thought it was a journal too put my food mover in . it was 3x that and that much more . it was a real deal . i would buy it again if i had too . very very happy with it !!!
 Excellent , to start your food mover food change , loaded with information on exchanges and menu plans to help you get started . I have lost 6 # in the first two weeks of using . It tailors it out for you !! If you are confused with your food mover and need help this is excellent buy !!
 This book is another version of Richard Simmons Deal A Meal and Food Mover program . It 's not his most current , but I love the different take on his stuff . If you have never done the Richard Simmon program this is a very good start . If you already know his program this is a fun addition and a really nice version of his program in a small binder note book . This also has some really good recipes added in .
 I had to look for some time before I was able to find a calendar like this for recording birthdays . The most common birthday reminders seem to be books whereas I wanted something I could hang on my wall for easy referral . I 'm reasonably happy with this product . I was surprised to find that it does n't have a back cover , the December page is the last page in the book which seemed a little strange to me . Also , some of the butterfly pictures are nicer than others . Other than that it is fine and I 'm quite happy with it .
 It is just what it 's supposed to be . Perfect for keeping track of birthdays . The only downfall that I can see is that if there is more than one birthday on the same date , then you might have a problem .
 For visual people who are n't on Facebook for birthday reminders this is the calendar for you.Thanks to the seller for the great service !
 These Folders are perfect ! Finding pink folders of this quality is a rare find . I am very please with the color , quality and price.Smead 1/3-Cut File Folders , Heavy Duty Reinforced Tab , Letter Size , Pink , 100 Per Box -LRB- 12634 -RRB-
 Believe it or not , I was looking for lavender file folders and had trouble locating them through different sites . Not only are these exactly what I was looking for , they shipped quickly and have been put to good use.Thank you ! I will be ordering again in the future .
 These file folders match the colors of the Find It Hanging File Folders with Innovative Top Rail . Using them together makes files easier to find .
 I like these . They are just your basic colored folders and they will do the trick very nicely . I use to collect assignments in -- each class has a color .
 I was looking for colored file folders that had a reinforced top and they are exactly what I was looking for . It would have been nice to have right-tabs only but I can make them work .
 I was looking for only white file folders and they were the only company that 'll had this item.Even though I had to give the customer service person the SKU number which the office max store in nyc gave me , I felt that the combination of store and company were able to solve my problem .
 i have been using it for a while and i got ta say i enjoy this product . the lense itself is kinda small but the quality of the magnification and the lack of paralax is a huge plus when working with things like minerals . i dig it .
 very nice clearity . small , small view view hole . wish i could get this quality of lense with a 30x and with 1 '' view opening . that would be sweet
 I purchased three of these phones on sale and am quite satisfied with them . The sound quality is good , the features are easy to use , and the instructions were clear -LRB- there is a separate instruction sheet for English and Spanish -RRB- . The range is adequate for our needs most of the time . The signal is strong within 40-ft . At 50-ft . we begin to hear noise when we move around . Around 70-ft . we lose the signal . The caller ID screen is a little hard to read , especially the smaller letters showing the date and time . Younger people should have no problem , however . The handset has an ON/OFF switch for the ringer , which I find helpful during naps . Our previous phone required going through a programming menu to do so . So far there has been no interference with other devices . Although I am satisfied with this phone , I probably would have purchased something else had it not been on sale locally -LRB- around $ 16.00 -RRB- .
 I 've had this phone for about a week . It works well and is easy to use.My experience with American-branded phones is that they were n't as refined as Japanese-branded phones , even though both were made in China . This one is different and you can imagine it with a prestigious brand name on it . The appearance and feel of the controls are top-notch . The only other concern I have with all phone equipment is reliability . It 's too early to tell with this phone , but there are no obvious problem spots .
 I realize this phone is quite old now , and that at present is apparently unavailable here . But if it 's ever available or you find it elsewhere , this really is a good little phone if you do n't need a lot of fancy features . I do n't always hear very well on a phone , and especially have a tough time on cordless phones . I tried several before running across this one and it was the first one I could hear on well . And that is the most important feature to me . It works pretty well everywhere in the house except for getting a bit of static in one room that is around several corners from the base . I can take it outside , though it can lose it at about 50 ' when outside , although it works reasonably in the garage . But even being able to hear great on it would n't be worth it if it was uncomfortable and cumbersome , but it 's pretty easy to hold and comfortable on my face , and I do n't accidentally hang it up on my cheek . I have to be careful with the buttons , even with small hands , but any phone like this is probably that way . The base is fine and compact enough . As for the battery - I got mine at a church bizarre for like $ 3 , so it was used , and the battery is just now having problems . I used to leave it off the base for a couple of days with no issues . Now the battery is dying in 10 minutes so I need to get another . But I do n't know how old it was when I got - probably at least a couple of years . So whoever said theirs died after 3 months - you either got a used phone and someone did n't tell you , or it was a fluke .
 Got one a year ago on closeout at MalWart for around $ 16 . WIsh I 'd gotten more of them . It has worked very well , better than a couple of similarly cheap V-Techs that I also got . Clear sound , usable buttons / user interface ; LCD smallish but no worse than others . Compact charging station can wall-mount . Stubby antenna has n't broken . Not too large or small . Belt clip . I like the metallic-blueish/black color design - personally , it makes me look a lot sexier than I really am . Th-th-th-that 's all , folks .
 I got this phone about a year ago and have n't had many problems with it . Yes , the other reviews are correct
 its a great phone but donsent work well with other brands . the other people in the office cant tell what line i put on hold . it has a great call waiting fecture both you and who you are talking to can hear it.but it is easy to program and use .
 We use these at the school where I work and they meet our needs . Good quality and papers fit easily into them .
 Nothing too complicated with this one . They 're envelopes . They hold my checks . They seal properly and the United States Post Office delivers them without a hitch ! The price was right so I bought them . I would recommend them to you if the price is right .
 This is a very good basic cordless phone that has great sound quality and clarity at a lovely price . It 's very easy to use . Unlike newer cordless phones , the model has just one `` talk '' button , so you do n't have to remember to press an off button . The volume control is at an obvious place.The only thing you should keep in mind is if you use wi-fi at home -LRB- or Bluetooth -RRB- , both the phone and your wireless device will operate at 2.4 Ghz and there can be interference . Depending on your setup and location , the interference may persist even if you change the channels on the phone.Of course , if you do n't use wi-fi , this is not a concern to you.This is just a great phone .
 I bought this phone to replace another 2.4 Ghz phone I got -LRB- UNIDEN -RRB- . The first one broke down twice in a year and I thought `` Maybe I should buy a new one '' -LRB- DUH -RRB- . Pros
 I 've had this GE phone for four months , now . I bought it despite dire warnings from users who 've had trouble with nearly every brand and model of wireless phone . I 'm happy to say that I 've had no trouble with the phone , and am particulary pleased with the call quality.Calls are clear , and without static or popping , from every part of my house . Signal strength is uniform throughout the house , and I rarely if ever need to switch channels to get a better reception . The phone does have a faintly hollow tone compared to a land line , but it 's barely noticeable and you 'd have to be very sensitive for it to be an issue.Another reviewer noted that this unit may conflict with wi-fi . I run wi-fi in my house , and have tested call quality with the wireless network on and off , and with the phone 's base unit in many different locations . I can plainly state that my phone is unaffected by the wireless network , even when I put the base station right next to the wireless network transmitter.The features of this phone are simple and easy to use . The caller ID pops up quickly and is easy to read . The numbers are easy to read and sound when you touch them . I do n't use the programming feature to store numbers , but it appears to be simple to do for those that may want to . It 's not chock full of features , but it does have a great set of features for the price . I can recommend this unit unconditionally .
 Used these for a mailing and they were of high quality . Dimensions are accurate . Price was very good compare to local stores . Would buy this brand again .
 The GE 27928GE5 2.4 GHz analog phone is , without a doubt , the best of the simple , basic cordless telephones . Like any electronic device , individual problems can arise , and I suspect that others who have written somewhat negative reviews were probably the victims of those ooccasional problem products . I have a half dozen of the GE 27928GE5 phones scattered around the house and they all have performed flawlessly , that 's why I standardized on this particular model . They are getting harder and harder to come by these days , but if one searches enough , there are still a few dealers that carry this particular model telephone . I hope that Amazon continues to stock them because they seem to have the better price . The GE 27928GE5 phone is a basic , 10-memory phone with redial , ringer on-off , flash function and a volume control . That 's all that I wanted in a telephone . The best thing about the 27928GE5 is that it sounds like a corded phone , not like a typical cordless , and being analog , it 's audio is clean and without the normal digitizing distortions and `` odd sound '' of so many of the digital audio telephones out there today . Clean sound , simple operation , basic features and an attractive price in an attractive looking package was what I was hoping for in a cordless phone and the 27928GE5 provides just that . Let 's keep our fingers crossed that GE continues to make them .
 Just got this phone today , real nice looking phone and the price you ca n't beat .
 I also have the old version of the phone that is 5 years old and still is the best cordless phone I have ever bought . This phone was very good . In and outside . But one week ago the base stoped working . It would still charge it and the phone still worked but i could n't call or recieve calls . Oh well . So I bought a BellSouth 2.4 Ghz phone and my 900Mhz 5 year old phone is 10 times better . I will always buy a GE .
 Puchased this phone 3 months ago to replace a 900 Mhz phone . So far I 've been pleased with it . The reception has been good throughout my home and when used outside . All calls on it have been clear . As mentioned by a previous reviewer , the sound can be a little hollow ; but it 's not enough to detract from a call . I 'd recommend this product if your just looking for basic 2.4 Ghz phone .
 I have not purchased this phone , but the 900mhz similar one . I do n't feel the need for all this new rang because our apartment is small . I will always choose GE for a cordless phone because our last GE lasted us almost 7rs and it took QUITE a beating . From teenagers , dropping , left off charger that phone never skipped a beat . Naturally after the 5th year we needed a new battery and it worked well for a year but somehow from all the comments Ive heard no phone really lasts well with a new battery . Oh and another thing if you test the phones these days some of them are as light as a feather . A friend had a UNIDEN and dropped it on the kitchen floor it shattered.It was like 2 weeks old . The GE 's have a few extra ounces and i 'm not afraid of dropping it.Oh and just some of my personal opinion . Yes Cordless Phone and Answering machine combos are space savers but they are a pain when they break . Find a little bigger table and buy a seperate answering machine . Just think of when one of a TV/VCR/DVD combos components break . How useless . GE is a great company for Stoves , Fridges , and Cordless Phones .
 Rec.this phone on this past Friday it work real good and the price was a steal , so today I orderd another one .
 You may be thinking , `` No big deal - it 's a notary journal . '' While true , it is hardcover and in the classic notary journal style . Simple to use and easy to get your clients to sign in the right spot . Some of the newer ones are softcover and have more detailed notes than are needed . Here , less is more !
 I 've had this phone for about two and one half years now and have never had a problem with it . The bright caller ID is a great feature of this phone . As with the sticky buttons , I have been lucky and have not had this problem . It seems many other people have . Overall , my experience with this phone is positive .
 Used one of these models for years quite successfully and with great satisfaction . Needed another for a different location . The first item delivered was defective because the caller ID store and recall function did not work correctly . Customer service sent second item very quickly which works just fine . Transaction was very satisfactory after the second unit arrived .
 In a recent review , Consumer Reports listed this phone as the best among tested phone + answering machine combos . So far , it works well . The ability to check messages from the handset without remembering an obscure button combination is nice , but for some reason GE -LRB- or more accurately , Atlinks -- the actual manufacturer -RRB- , does n't think that you would want to listen to the newest messages first . So , if you 're in the habit of saving messages , you 'll have to skip through the ones that you 've already heard to get to the new messages . This would n't be so bad , but the machine does n't appear to tell you how many `` new '' messages you have . You may be listening to the first couple seconds of every one . There is no date stamp , either -- just day of week and time.The phone has the following positive aspects . The sound quality is fine , but you get some echo if you turn the volume to max . The range is fairly standard , but there is less static at the outskirts than the last phone I owned . The handset is comfortable , and I do n't find my cheek pressing buttons when the phone 's balanced on my shoulder . Although you can only store 10 speed-dial numbers , the ability to record a description with the numbers means that you do n't have to remember which button leads where . Messages are stored in flash memory even during a power outage , but there is no backup battery support that allows the phone to work in such conditions . I do n't have Caller ID , but the phone supposedly supports call-waiting Caller ID.Drawbacks include an NiCd battery as opposed to the more environmentally friendly NiMh ; analog transmission , which is less secure -LRB- but cheaper -RRB- than digital or DSS ; and lack of energy star compliance.I would recommend this phone to anyone who does n't save many messages on their answering machine as cycling through more than a few at a time would be maddening .
 I got this phone about 2 months ago and I was a little skeptical if it will work at all after reading some of the reviews here at Amazon . But I must say I feel pretty satisfied with my purchase . The phone works great ; I have no problems with voice quality or anything for that matter . It has nice ringer features though it lacks ringer volume control , which would be nice to have . Overall it is a nicely featured phone for the price and if you do n't want to spend $ 100 for caller id and answering machine go for it .
 This is a great phone . Just right for a small business . So pleased !
 I 've been looking for a high-quality multi-line office phone for several months , and have had a few bad experiences . It seemed that I got what I paid for , which was low-price , low-quality , and I just could n't find a good solution for less than several hundred -LRB- or thousand -RRB- dollars.My criteria for selection -LRB- in no particular order -RRB- were
 I 've shopped around for a good phone system for a few months until I landed on this unit.The size is perfect , not too big nor small . The phone has a really clear speakerphone on it and the handset is comfortable to hold as well . One of the best features that convinced me on this unit was the fact that it had caller ID that displays for all 4 lines as well as intercom capability and an `` all call '' paging feature . The caller id also does call-waiting . The intercom feature can be set up for auto speaker phone or require the handset to be lifted . This allows me to monitor a room without having to set up the phone in the other room.There is an optional base that is included if you want to wall mount the unit and the display is backlit as well for viewing in dark areas.The only anoying thing about the phone is if you have a music-on-hold system . The phone generates a low beep tone about once every 10 seconds for the person on hold . This lets them know that they were not hung up on but at the same time it is not needed if you have music like a typical office puts on the holding lines . I talked with the manufacturer and they told me that this feature can not be disabled through programming . There is however a on-hold aftermarket adapter that can be placed in front of the music system that will eliminate the tone -LRB- Invotel AudioImage SX4400EZ -RRB- . The cost we paid for this device was about $ 200 which has a audio input and in/out plugs for all 4 lines . So , if you have music-on-hold either let the customer put up with the beeping or go out and buy the aftermarket system designed especially for this phone.To use the intercom all you do is hit one of the 16 station numbers on the right side and you 're good to go.There are 2 types of speed dial.One version uses the one-touch buttons on the right side of the phone and uses 16 memory locations . You simply hit dial and then one of the 16 speed dial keys -LRB- same buttons as used for intercom -RRB- . Since there are spots to write the names on a card you would use these for your most important contacts.The 2nd speed dial feature uses the huge built in directory . You can easily store names when you party calls to this directory right off the caller ID information displayed while being able to edit the name etc for however you want it to appear in your directory . You can also manually add names to this directory . Then , when you want to call simply push directory and the button on the keypad that represents the first letter of their name , the directory will jump to that letter location and then you can scroll to the caller you want if for instance you had 5 people who 's names you stored began with the letter `` W '' . If you are in a private meeting you can push the privacy button and you wo n't be bothered.This is a really easy phone to program . Just plug it in and it searches for the other phones and sets itself up or you can go through the simple programming without even looking at the manual . The phone will walk you through it by simply following the prompts on the screen . I also like the fact that you can select ring tones for each line or turn them off also . I personally do n't want to be bothered by rings so I turned my ringer options off . If the call is for me the secretary will transfer the call to my extension.Overall , I do n't think you will go wrong buying these units . The system is a lot cheaper than a phone system . The only think it does n't have is an answering machine built in . We did n't want that option as we answer all calls while we are here and use a machine on the lines at night .
 At first , I was unable to conference from room to room , one of the features that I had chosen the phone and spent extra money for and it turned out that the problem had a simple solution , reversing the plugs in the phone jacks . Changing the plug to jack arrangement also got the lines ringing in the proper order -LRB- line 1 appearing as line 1 -RRB- . I hope that this tip is helpful to another user . The hold button has a low visibility profile and when I first went to put a call on hold , I was searching frantically and I am tempted to paint that button a bright color . I still ca n't figure out what the phone means when it tells me that I have 35 -LRB- etc. -RRB- new calls . I set the phone to roll over to an answering service when I leave the office and I am uneasy that I should be doing something about these new calls . I think that my unease will dissipate over time , but now , I feel like the phone has the upper hand !
 Does the job , though at one time it did not work for some reason . That may be because it was dropped .
 Items shipped FAST , Items arrived with each component -LRB- base , handset , AC adapter , cord -RRB- INDIVIDUALLY wrapped in tissue paper , packaging paper , AND layers of Bubble Wrap . If the FedEx guy decided to launch the package from his moving vehicle like a paperboy , the 50 + feet to my front step , I 'm convinced the phones would have survived -LRB- he did n't of course -RRB- . Phones were in the stated condition , no more than very minor wear from normal day to day use . And when it turned out that the intercom only worked one way on one of the phones , Brenda -LRB- arden33 -RRB- was in attentive email communication , from providing technical support on what setup issues would cause the intercom not to function , down to promptly providing a replacement when we determined it was an internal problem . I have never had such outstanding customer service , even on brand new warrantied items . Outstanding all the way around . Most sellers here are decent enough , but it 's when a problem arises that you see what they are really made of . I would buy here again in a heartbeat . Thank you Brenda , you 're the best .
 Many comments have already been made on this product . I can add a couple here : Clarity
 I have a small business -LRB- 4 employees -RRB- and we really did n't need an actual phone system yet so I decided to give these try . It 's funny though because when people walk in the office , they think it is a phone system because the phones look and function very well . I have had them for about 4 months now and so far so good !
 Item is very good , came packaged very well . NO damage . The phone is pretty user friendly .
 Best shop phone I 've ever had . This is the 3rd one for me . This phone is the bomb . It will hold up to all abuse . Well almost , my first one was ran over by the dumpster truck . The second one still works but the belt clip broke . I 've used this phone for 8 years and they are getting harder to find . DURABLE . Drop it , kick it , do whatever and it still works . I love it .
 ONE OF THE BEST PHONES FOR THE MONEY.DOES EVERY THING I NEEDED IT TO DO AND MORE.STILL HAVE NOT FIGURED OUT ALL THAT IT CAN DO.HIGHLY RECOMMENDED . THANKS FOR HAVING THIS PHONE .
 For those of you reading the two reviews above me , please take note that these reviews are actually for the model 26981GE2 . The model for sale at Amazon.com is the new and improved model 26981GE3 . -LRB- If you do n't want to take my word for it check out the product specs & description on this site or go to GE 's website to see all the features . -RRB- With the newer GE3 model , the phone keypad is now lighted . And the single alarm has been changed to a dual alarm . What more could you want?Personally , I can only wake up to music and not an annoying beeping sound of an alarm . So to eliminate clutter on my nightstand I have always had an all in one alarm clock/radio / phone . My previous corded phone/radio/alarm clock had a manual radio turner . I got sick of waking up to the hissing of the radio not quite on the station . With the manual tuner and the bad reception in my house , every evening I had to adjust the radio to the channel to get it in clearly , but by morning the station had again faded to a hiss.Most other alarm clock/radio/phones in the price range of this GE 26981GE3 have a manual radio tuner . Also some other models that sell for more than this model only have a manual radio tuner ! With this new GE radio , the digital tuner locks the station and the FM antenna being in the power cord keeps the station clear . And with the radio preset , if my children change my radio station , I can just push a button to get it back.As for the complaint of the large display being too bright , I prefer it . Without my glasses I am almost twice the limit of being legally blind . And it is a pain to try to find my glasses in the middle of the dark night to put them on just to see the time . Also my husband can look from across the king size bed and see the time without having to have his own clock on his nightstand . If the dimmest setting is too bright for you , take the suggestion of putting a smoky colored film over the display.I have done a lot of research and the only other unit like this in this price range with the digital tuner and all the other features was the GE 26980GE1 , but they stopped making it a year or two ago . -LRB- Just before I could buy it ! -RRB- It was replaced with the 26981GE2 which is the radio reviewed in the first two reviews above me . But complaints about that model because it lacked some of the features the previous model had prompted GE to make this newer version.Zenith makes one with a CD player included but the phone is not cordless . It does however have a triple alarm . But it sells for over $ 100.00 ! More that twice the price of this model ! And when I listen to a CD , I want to listen to it on a big stereo -LRB- which I already have in my bedroom -RRB- , so I choose not to have a CD player on my alarm clock.This GE 26981GE3 is a great buy !!! But be ware , many online sites are selling the previous 26981GE2 for the same price as the improved 26981GE3 ! The unit looks almost identical so be sure to check the model number . Why pay the same for fewer features ?
 It took me months to find a clock radio w / a cordless phone that had most of the features I was looking for , and at a reasonable price . I bought 2 others that I returned . One thing to keep in mind is not all clock radios w / phones had a lighted time on them . I returned one -LRB- by southeastern bell -RRB- after I woke up in the middle of the night and looked at my clock for the time , and it was dark . What good is a clock radio in the bedroom if you ca n't see it with the lights out ?? . I also looked at a clock radio being sold at Frontgate . It had all the features I was looking for but they wanted $ 99.00 plus $ 15.00 for shipping . This GE model has all the same features except dual alarm and a night light -LRB- how often would you turn on a night light on your clock for $ 60.00 more than what this one sells for . The phone works great , and even the radio has decent sound considering it is n't a stereo . Overall , this phone is a good buy at a good price .
 I recently spent a lot of time looking for a cordless phone + clock radio for my wife . I was a little wary because almost every choice seemed to have something going against it . I chose this because it seemed to be the best overall . Price was no constraint in this selection . So far , I am very happy with it . Settings are intuitive and it was easy to set up . My only quibble is that the LCD display is on the back of the handset so that you can get caller ID while the phone is in the cradle . This also means that you ca n't see the numbers when you are dialing the phone without flipping it over to make sure you are pressing the right numbers . My wife complains that it seems to have only two snooze cycles . Other than that it is great .
 This is just what I was looking for . It is small , efficient and very easy to use . If you are needing a phone/radio/alarm-clock , this does everything you need .
 I LOVE THIS PRODUCT !! It is easy to use and I like being able to see the time without any problem . The phone is sturdy and works great . I do n't listen to the radio much but have been pleased when I do . This phone/radio/alarm clock is exactly what I wanted .
 Finally , a phone with a reasonably good radio that does n't spill over the edge of my night table . The setup for the radio is excellent , each control easy to find even when the lights are out . Only one problem -- the compartment for the 9 volt battery designed to save your setup even if there is a power interruption , caused a burning type smell for a half hour after setup . So far , no further difficulty.I think most people will be happy with this appliance . I discarded two previous similar purchases of phone/radio combos after using this one for the last month .
 I , too , ordered this clock radio phone -LRB- Model 26981GE3 -RRB- expecting a dual alarm as previous reviews and the product manual -LRB- viewed from the Amazon link and the manufacturer 's website -RRB- both indicated . However , because I liked the other features of this clock radio phone , I decided to keep it . The unit is easy to operate and understand , the phone reception is pretty good -LRB- a little occasional static but not bad -RRB- , and the digital numbers are easy to read . I had recently purchased another brand model that had a 2.4 GHZ cordless phone and the reception was terrible so I returned it . The reception on this phone is much better than the other model I tried and I am happy with this one so far !
 Phone + clock radio
 This little phone is just the greatest ! It is easy to operate , and pleasant to wake up to ! The called ID is a llittle dim , but the rest of it is so great , I do n't care !!
 I originally purchased this phone about 5 yrs ago . When it started to die , I had a hard time finding a phone that was compact , cordless , caller ID , and with an alarm clock radio . I returned 2 phones I 'd purchased from stores because they had lots of static or had 5000 buttons . I was estatic to have found this phone on amazon . I ended up buying 2 of them to keep the other one for the future . I love it !!!!
 Have tried numerous cordless bedroom phones without much success . This phone is very dependable / reliable . Would definitely buy this phone again ! The only thing I would change is the brightness of the clock at night . Otherwise get reception and durability .
 This product is a great addition to any bedroom . The digital tuner takes the guesswork out of finding your favorite radio station . I love waking up to the local news every morning at 6:00 AM . The LED is large and a great replacement for your old bedroom alarm clock . The cordless phone works great and is easy to find with the pager feature . Three great appliances in one small footprint .
 Everything about the transaction went well . I saved lots of money & received great service
 This was a replacement of the same brand of cordless phone , although I could not get the exact model or color of the previous one . This one works just as well and is even a bit more updated than the last one ! Amazon was the only place that I could order this item from as I could not find it anywhere else . I 've never had a problem with placing an order or with any item that I have received .
 I am very pleased with this product . There is not a lot of selection for cordless phone/alarm clock/radio devices . This one is well designed , easy to set up and use , despite the many buttons and features . Its just the rights size , way less space that individual components on the night stand . Beware the other GE cordless/clock , you can not turn off the alarm feature , will wake you up every morning like it or not . This model easy to disable the alarm for weekends etc. and then reable . The phone seems to have good sound quality . The only thing I miss is an option for the phone to turn on when picked up for incoming call , you have to push `` call '' .
 We had to replace an old cordless phone with alarm clock that finally `` died '' after many years of good service . These machines are wonderful space savers , but are almost impossible to find in retail shops . We initially purchased a more expensive version from a well-known catalog store , only to have it fail in the first two weeks . We we delighted to find this product on the internet at a reasonable price . An added bonus is that it takes up even less space on our nightstand than our original phone/alarm clock .
 This is my fourth GE bedroom phone . My first was so good it has made me keep trying GE to find a replacement , but none of the newer phones can hold a candle to the 1st . This model like it 's predecessor is flawed . It is beginning to drops calls . I will be in the middle of a conversation when the line goes dead and all I hear is static . The older model was really bad about dropping call while this new model has only done it twice , so far . Also , the caller ID does n't display the call 4 out of 5 calls . This is very frustrating!I 'm holding my breath that things do n't get worse , but ... Buyer beware . I like the phone otherwise . It has good features and I like that it is cordless , but the corded models were more dependable .
 Well I ordered mine in mid January and now there saying it wo n't even ship till late March or early April , which I think is unacceptable but what can you do ? . Oh well I give it 5 stars for the product itself and from what I 've read about but as for service and having to continually wait on it to come in I give the customer service 1 star . Update
 I purchased and used this item for quiet awhile until I the cordless phones battery died on me . I looked on the internet and could n't find a replacement battery for it . Finally scraped it and bought a Coby -LRB- see my review -RRB- .
 You have everything you need in a compact space on your night stand ! Great for small spaces .
 Our local office supply companies , whom used to carry these products , stated that the products were no longer in production and could not be obtained . I am exceptionally pleased with the product , the price , and the expediency in which I received the product . It is an exact match to the product I ran out of . Although many things have gone electronic , many places still use the paper trail way of recording transactions and bookkeeping .
 I have had this for about 4 months and it it awesome . Its cheaper than any other phone on the market with an added cordless phone.I always leave it in the charger , so the other person 's review does not apply to me . One plus is that if the power in your household goes , the phone still works . -LRB- Not the cordless , but the stationary phone -RRB- You can check messages remotely.The other party never complains that I am on a cordless -LRB- A good trait -RRB- A drawback : The answering machine does not have a 9v battery backup . And I believe if the power goes , you lose your messages.It would be nice if you could redirect the call to another phone , but I have yet to find a phone for the consumer that does.Conclusion : Phones w / cordless cost alot . This one was the cheapest by far , it is a reputable brand -LRB- GE -RRB- and I have been very happy with it .
 I 've owned this phone for almost two years now , and did n't have to replace the battery for well over a year of ownership . A couple of months ago I noticed the ` sticky ' button isssue in the cordless handset that others have mentioned . In fact , none of my number buttons worked at all on the cordless unit . However , I liked features of the phone so much that I decided it was worth trying to fix . There were a couple of screws holding the handset together , and a couple more holding the PC board on inside -- it was easy to get to the keypad and I discovered an oily substance between the back of the button pad and the pc board that relays the electrical signals . I cleaned the back of the button pad and the board off with Windex and let them dry thoroughly before reassembling . My handset works like new again , and it was really easy . Since the phone was nearly two years old when I had the first problem , I ca n't really complain . I 've owned other phones I disliked right out of the box !
 I bought this phone almost 2 years ago and never had a problem with either the cordless handset , nor the corded base . It has a lot of great features , and a good price for those who do not want to pay a high price for the 5.8 phone systems that are now out.My Only complaint is that when you need to replace parts -LRB- I need to replace the cordless base as it got liquid in it and shorted out -RRB- . GE and other companies need to always give support for replacements for a period of 5 years -LRB- total length of time including warranty time -RRB- , and that includes internal parts for those that are savy enough to make inside repairs . This rule should apply to all manufaturers and all consumer products.I am buying the very same phone system for my sister.Another note . When you buy products that run on battery , please make sure the battery inside is new as all phone batteries should be replaced each year to assure continued quality .
 First , let me point out a few things about the other reviews . The issues addressed in the other reviews are mostly due to people being lazy and ignorant about electronics . The major issues mentioned are the battery life and sticky buttons . Here are some facts : The battery is not Lithium Ion . It will develop a `` memery effect '' over time . That means if you put it on the charger for 5 minutes then pick it up and make a call and put it back on the charger , eventually you will have 5 minutes of battery life . The battery needs to be cycled occasionally to retain full battery life . All you have to do is let the battery drain as you use it for a few days and once it displays Low Battery , charge it overnight . A full discharge , charge cycle is a good habit to get into with anything rechargeable . I replaced the battery in this phone after 1 year and 4 months of solid use not because the battery was bad but because there was a longer life version out there . I still have the old battery and it still works.Sticky buttons are caused by sticky fingers . There is a small gap around the buttons which lets dirt and skin oils enter . This builds up over time and makes the buttons sticky . If the buildup is allowed to remain it will eventually get between the button and the internal contact and make the button stop working . The easy fix for this is to open the phone , clean it out and put it back together . The way to avoid this problem is to WASH YOUR HANDS ! If you are making calls from the shower while your hands are wet or soapy , the water and soap will get in there . Changing your oil ? Grease will get in there . Enjoying some wings while watching the game ? Hot sauce will get in there . If it 's on your hands it can get into the phone . Keep the phone clean and it will reduce the risk of the button issues.A cordless phone is like any other electronic equipment . It needs to be taken care of . If you take care of it , it will take care of you . Usually , people are too lazy to do some basic maintainance and then complain that the equipment is bad when the problem is related to misuse or neglect.I have had this phone for about 2 years with no problems at all . The battery life is good . Usually I get 4 or 5 days of regular use before needing a charge . The buttons work perfectly . I give the phone a quick wipe once in a while to keep it clean . The only issue I have with this phone is that it makes an audible beep when you dial a number from the base and there is no way to turn it off . Other than that it is a great phone . I 've owned dozens of cordless phones over the past 15 years including GE , Casio Phone Mate , AT&T ; , Itech and several others . GE is always the best .
 I purchased this phone over 4 years ago . Never a problem , and I have never had to change the battery in the cordless . But , I take care of my `` stuff '' , and follow instructions . I 'm an electrical engineer and I know that this phone will perform with the proper installation , care and maintenance .
 Bought this 2 phone system for my service center and it has serviced me well for 3 years now . Would recommend it to anyone needing so many features in a small package .
 I have had this phone for about a year and I also have to agree with some of the other reviewers about the battery life . . It does have a very short battery life . It does n't keep a charge for very long and I always keep it in the charger ! Now I have to order a new battery . I hope I do n't have to buy a new battery every year-they are not inexpensive .
 I 've owned this model for 2 or 3 years . I work at home and need a cordless handset with a headset so I can walk around `` hands free '' or work on the computer while I talk . This phone has excellent sound quality with the headset . Plenty of volume and clarity , which is important to me because I have partial hearing loss . Before I bought this model , I bought and returned a higher-rated model because the sound quality on the headset was so poor.I recently developed the `` sticky button '' problem on the handset as described by others here . This was so annoying I decided to replace the unit with a nice , highly-rated GE 5.8 GHz unit with two handsets . The sound quality over the headset was terrible . Switching to another brand of headset made no difference so I returned the unit and set up the old one again.Another reviewer here said it was `` easy '' to take apart the handset and clean the number pad and circuit board . Do n't believe him , it ai n't easy . I tried . After removing six tiny screws , I could n't get the circuit board to come apart , but I could lift it up enough to create enough space to blow air on the number pad and board . That seems to have helped somewhat.In summary , if using a headset is important to you , this model ca n't be beat . If the `` sticky button '' problem comes back , I 'll definitely buy the same model again .
 I did n't expect these until the 12th or 15th of July . I was so surprised when they arrived on the 6th ! Quick easy service and EXCELLENT prices . Product arrived in great condition too . I would order from this company again .
 These dividers are the best I 've seen . Labels do n't fit into the tabs but are in sheet-protector at the back of the binder or a TOC in the front . Durable material and classy look .
 I purchased three of the Wicked Witch legs for my daughters for Christmas . We were very pleased with the size and quality .
 A friend of mine had one and my daughter suggested going online to Amazon.com and look . I was so excited to find it . I absolutely love it . I wanted a door stop but some thing out of the ordinary . This definitely satisfies what i was looking for .
 great moment of peace and laughs in this real sucky world these days . heavy , well finished and just adorable - need more doors
 awesome quality on this product . Great gift for anyone who loves the wizard of oz . very awesomly subtle decoration detail
 It was exactly what we wanted . Thought it might be a little bigger as it is a door stop , but it fit the bill exactly .
 This door stopper is the most adorable thing I have ever seen . It comes in a cute wizard of Oz box with the characters picture on it , is nice and heavy and even cuter in person then on the picture . Perfect for any fan of the movie !
 I purchased three of these ... two were for birthday gifts , and of course one for me ! I first saw this door stop in my lawyer 's office and just had to get one !!
 The Wizard of Oz Red Ruby Slippers Doorstop - Wicked Witch of the EastWas a gift , liked it very much ! would recommend . shipping quick
 The shipping was great . Came right on time and was packaged very well . Smaller than I expected , but then again it does give the size in the description . For being so small , it is really heavy and that 's a good thing . I would order again from here .
 I have n't seen this item in person becuase I had it shipped direct to my Mom for Mother 's day . But she loged it and everyone in the office had a laugh too .
 I loved it . It is heavy and had great ruby coloring sparkle . Definitely , a cool thing .
 At first you will think
 I bought this item for a Christmas gift for my daughter . I think it is adorable and would recommend it to anyone . The price was reasonable and it is beautifully crafted . It 's just a ` cute ' item . Thank you for such good quality items .
 Hello , of course it 's very heavy -- it 's a doorstop . And it 's intentionally small so you are n't always tripping over it when you walk past the door . While it may not be a large under-couch decoration , it 's a great and kitsch-y doorstop .
 I get more comments on my witches show doorstopper so I love to give friends the same gift .
 These are super cute . I have to agree with a couple of the other reviewers points though.They are really small ... yes I read the measurements but I really miss judged them in my mind . I agree they ca n't be too large because then they would be a trip hazard but I do believe they could be larger.For the size they are very heavy and should easily prop open just about any door.Even though I 'd like them more if they were a tad bigger I still like them a lot . I think the smaller size will make them a little less noticable so people will have to open their eyes a little to notice them , which I like.I live in an apartment and rarely prop my back door open , but I could n't resist this . I 'm thinking I might find random places to put it to keep my friends on their toes . Under the bookshelf . In front of the coat closet or linen closet door . Just because I do n't keep my front/back doors open does n't mean I ca n't have fun with these ! : - DIf you like having fun little additions to your decor I highly recommend these .
 I got this as a birthday gift for someone that loves things a little on the sick and funny side . Turns out this person always wanted one ! It 's smaller than I thought it would be but that 's ok . It 's heavy enough to hold a door , with the usual little rubber dots on the bottom . Even if it is n't used as a doorstop it could be put near anything and still be funny !
 The kitch value on this item is over the top and fantastic . Everyone who sees it asks where I got it and how to get one . Its fairly heavy for its size and has rubber dots on the bottom so it does n't slide on the floor . I 'm guessing its cast iron by the weight of it . My only disappointment was how small it was . It does the job but looks strange with a regular door . I have never seen anything like it so I still love it . Great conversation piece even if you are not a fan of the movie .
 Cute - but MUCH tinier than I had expected . It is very heavy and holds the door that I wanted it for - but it would have looked more realistic if the feet were around a size 6 instead of a newborn size !!
 Door Stopper arrived right away and look great.I use them for the Bathroom door.Everyone laughs when they see them and wants a pair.Found the best price on Amazon .
 Fans of Wizard of Oz will immediately catch the meaning of seeing a pair of legs with red shoes stuck under a door . I was smiling when I first caught a glimpse of it at a shop because it was a neat idea of the wicked witch being crushed by the door instead of the house . Great as a starter conversation.The shoes have red glitters and it comes in a box with the four famous characters in the movie.Great as a gift or personal collection of Wizard of Oz merchandise .
 I purchased two of these items for Christmas gifts and they were a hit . I should have bought one for myself.I am 100 % satisfied .
 Ha ! one of the wicked witches is dead ! Those ruby slippers are a ticket back to Kansas . Very nice , heavy conversational piece that also props my door open . Very happy with this particular door stop .
 I already knew what the product looked like , was just shopping for the best value . It was n't the lowest price , but with free shipping , it was the best value . Came very quickly , expected to wait much longer for shipping .
 Perfect little door stop whether or not you are a fan of the `` Wizard of Oz '' . High quality product , looks great & effectively does it 's job .
 I bought this wonderful door stop for a friend who likes whimsical artefacts and is a Wizzard of Oz fan . She loved the sparkley ruby shoes and said the gift brightened her otherwise stressful day in the office . This product is compact , sturdy , and fun - more than one can expect from a regular door stop !
 Bought these as a gift for a friend who adores the Wizard of Oz . Quick shipment , and she absolutely loved it ! Thanks .
 I love these little slippers SOO much , I bought three more of them for the Season . I am super excited to give them as gifts to my Grandmother , Mother and my Mother-in-law . Victoria Leigh
 No problems with transaction and product arrived super fast ! I 'd definitely do business with this seller again !
 Loved the doorstop ruby slippers . Everyone has a laugh over them . I 've given several pairs as gifts to friends . They make a great housewarming gift .
 It 's a really cute piece.Quite heavy , although I do n't use it as a door stop . I bought one for myself a long time ago and my sister saw a picture of something in my house and spotted the witch 's legs with the ruby slippers and fell in love with it , so I got one for her , too , as a gift .
 I loved the item and I bought 2 and gave one as a gift and Julie loved it to . .
 When I received this , it was even better than I thought it would be . A must for any wizard of oz fan !
 I 've loved the Wizard of Oz since I was a child . When I saw this doorstop it made me smile
 I bought this as a Christmas gift for my mom who is a teacher and she loved it . Said its heavy , very bright , and colorful . Its small so she can use it as a paperweight as well as a doorstop .
 I ordered this for my wife to use as an inside door stop for the hotel door when she travels . She loved the function / security of the gift but REALLY loved the clever style . A big hit boys !!
 We love our Wizard of Oz Ruby Slippers Doorstop !! It 's been a big hit with guests and my daughter posted a picture of it on Facebook which got great comments . My only complaint is that I wish it were a little bigger !!
 Can not say how adorable and cute this door stop is - and it WORKS !!! Went to show it off to my sister , and she said ... `` I 've got one of these for my office door '' !
 I picked these up as a birthday present for a good friend of mine who loves The Wizard of Oz . She now has them sticking out from under the television . Looks like the TV fell on the wicked witch and she loves it .
 More practical as a paper work but does a fairly good job as a door stopper . I would get something a little bigger next time .
 First of all , I 'd like to address everyone else 's reviews about how small the item is . It 's a doorstop , people ! How big do you want it to be ? It 's supposed to be small and tapered , so it will go under a door without creating a tripping hazard . Besides , they put the dimensions in the description . If you ca n't pull out a ruler and see how big 3 '' x 4.25 '' is , you should n't be surprised at its size , and you certainly should n't blame them.Now , the item itself . It is a great doorstop . It 's perfectly sized for the job , and nice and heavy . The only issue I have with it -LRB- which is why I did n't give it five stars -RRB- , is that the paint does n't adhere very well to the doorstop . If you scuff it on the bottom of the door , the paint will chip off a little . I 'm letting that go , though , because the chipping does n't show when it 's under the door .
 I 've owned two of these for several years and have given them as gifts to my granddaughters and friends who enjoy the whimsy . I think it 's a perfect size -- never gets in the way -- and it 's heavy enough to take care of a door that originally needed a big , ugly doorstop . None of mine have chipped . It 's a wonderfully fun inexpensive gift . -LRB- And , Ambry , it makes me smile every time I walk by , also . -RRB-
 bought one for myself and one for a gift . paint job is good , slippers nice and sparkly , and it is heavy enough to be a very functional doorstop . I love it , makes me smile every time I walk past it .
 I bought this product a few weeks ago ! and Love it ! No complaints ! It 's heavy enough to hold the door back , and small enough so you do n't trip over it ! The other people who complain about the size they 're crazy ! If you love Wizard of Oz and looking for a doorstop buy this ! : -RRB-
 Got these for a housewarming gift . They are adorable , but keep in mind how small they really are . They work great for a door , but the witch is quite small . But they are the average size of a wood wedge or rubber door stop.They decided to use it as a book stop . Very cute .
 This doorstop is cast iron so it has good weight for its size . I was expecting it to be bigger but the size makes sense for what it is . It is 100 % functional which is important and it creates lots of smiles . When not using it as a doorstop we keep the shoes sticking out from beneath the TV stand so it still gets the same effect . This would also make a nice fish tank decoration if you 're really into the wizard of oz .
 I bought this as a gift for my teenage daughter . She opened it and I said , `` Do you know what it is ? '' and she said `` No '' . `` It 's a doorstop . Here , put it under your door . '' She did so and it holds it open very well -LRB- especially for when her boyfriend visits , haha -RRB- . Yes , it is small but it does the job . The only issue I had with it is that the red of the slippers is very , very dark red , like a burgandy red . If you remember from the film the slippers were a bright red . Dorothy taps them several times in the film . So if the makers saw the film they should have known this and used a brighter red color . But my daughter was pleased with the gift .
 I made a wizard of oz cake and these doorstep slippers were the perfect finishing touch to my cake ! Loved them !
 This is the perfect size . If it was any bigger it would be tacky . Just a little whimsy that does the job very well !
 This doorstop is so much fun ! Everyone who sees it loves it . I 've used it at several of my locations and recently bought one for a friend and she went crazy for it ! Buy one - it 's wicked cool !
 I sent this as a gift to my sister , who loves The Wizard of Oz . She thought it was really cute and loved it . : - -RRB-
 This doorstop is cute ! I love the sparkle ! I am going to use it as a paperweight on my desk ! It is a nice addition to my Wizard of Oz collection !
 This is the coolest door stop I 've ever seen ! Great effect of the the witch 's shoes sticking out from beneath the door !
 I love it ! I saw it at a friends house and ordered 1 for myself and 1 for my sister.It does the job perfectly ... I have strong winds that always blew the door shut before and I had tried 3 other doorstops with no luck . I love the whimsy of the legs sticking out and even put it on the shelf when not in use .
 It looks just like the photo . Small just like it said in the discription . Heavy and perfect . Everyone loves it .
 This is the cutest darn door stopper ! I 've never seen such a fun door stopper , thought it was the perfect gift for my Mother who has everything ... Ca n't wait to give it to her ! My only negative thought ... it 's a little small - but it 's adorable .
 Nice item . The base has non-skid pads to keep the tray from sliding around on the desk . Likewise , the area where the keyboard sits also has a very nice non-slip rubber surface . The tray itself is made of a sturdy plastic , not fiberboard.The wrist rest is nicely padded with memory foam . One interesting item ; for some reason the wrist rest is a seperate piece from the tray . It sits squarely in its place though . I suppose it would make cleaning easier.It 's attractive enough . Shades of black . Looks good on my desk.There are cheaper versions of this product you can get from other makers . They are n't as nice . There is an extended/wider version of this same product with room for a mousepad . A co-worker has one . I tried it out , but did n't like it as much . It was too wide and hit other items on my desk.I am very satisfied that I got a very good product at a fair price .
 I 'm a law student and I 'm on my computer constantly . I have a wireless keyboard and a wireless mouse with mousepad on this and it 's the best ! My wrists/hands are never tired after a long day of typing !
 I really like this product and the price . I have one at home and I also bought one for the office .
 I use this kensington pad with my Wacom Tablet integrated . I put the cushion at the bottom of the tablet and i like the sensation and relax my hand ... When i need to use the traditional mouse , i just change for use the kensington mousepad integrated and voila !
 This is one of the BEST wrist pillows I have ever used . The fact that it has a platform as well makes it very easy to move if needed and it all stays together . I have bought several over the past years and would recommend it to anyone .
 I though I could find something like this at the local Staples or Office Depot , but noone stocked it . So I searched Amazon and found it , bought it . Excellent quality , recommended !
 I use this same type of rest at work , so I also ordered one for our home computer . My wife and kids really like it . The product came in only 3 days .
 I bought this for my elementary aged daughter to help with school products . I love the fact that it is easy to open , twist , use , and cap . Liquid glue is n't for her yet . She has to learn how not to use too much . This product gives her the ability to be creative without mom constantly checking on a messy table .
 This is a great glue stick , does n't get all over the place and it holds really well . For the price it 's worth it . .
 I recently purchased the Dymo Letra Tag system to use in my small traveling craft business . It is a dream . The cartridges slide easily into the system when you do need to re-load and there is no problem with jamming . I would recommend this to anyone who is in need of a quick , accurate , clear system .
 This Dymo LetraTag metallic silver labeling tape is perfect for making the black text stand out . If I use one of the larger fonts on my LetraTag label maker , I can see the type from across the room . That is very handy to identify items or if an item is on a shelf , where it might otherwise be difficult to view.I like the silver metallic background because there are not many packages or other items that have this shade as their background . That makes these labels standout . They are easy to identify as something I have labeled . And I label everything , from the contents of a cabinet shelf , to boxes and bins I do not want to open -LRB- pre-label - I would have opened a bin 15 times to determine its contents - no longer -RRB- , to file folders , to the back of all my electronics in case I lose one . And that is just the tip of the iceberg.These labels are easy to apply , the rear of each labels backing is split in two so it is effortless to take the backing off . If I need to trim a label , I peel away the backing first and then use a pair of scissors to trim up the tape without the backing . I found that if I kept trimming the labels with the backing on , I could not find the `` split '' on the back of my labels I trimmed . Since cutting most labels is quick and easy , trimming with the back off does not deter from the adhesiveness of the label.I have had no problem with these Dymo labels adhering to any surface . And the labels hold firmly in place , regardless of temperature variations . I use a lot of this LetraTag tape , and I have found Amazon 's price to be the best . On all variations of the LetraTag tape , their price is always the lowest .
 I moved from a large home to a smaller one . I threw out as much as I could . I had an estate sale . I gave away stuff to Good Will and Saint Vincent de Paul 's . A couple of items were stolen , etc. . I went from having WAY , WAY , too much stuff to having a smaller home which actually had some empty cupboards . So , in the end , I guess , I just had TOO much stuff , but it was certainly less than I started with.Things were pretty organized before the move . Things were EVEN labeled , though it had been hastily done , and usually with pencil . The penciling allowed us to reorganize as we went along without much hassle.So , there I was in a smaller home without ALL the clutter that had been mine . HooRah for me ! But , then the inevitable happened . The mail came and there were new things to be labeled and organized . I took a new job which had a Medicare Component to it . You talk about organizational nightmares . Those folks have more `` Etceteras '' to go under their main heading than God ever heard of . Things began to pile up again . I began to organize like nobody 's business . Files went here there and everywhere . Six new Filing Cabinets were required . Penciling just was n't going to cut it any longer . I looked at my old labelmaker , which was a `` click to this letter and punch , then click to the next letter and punch '' model and could tell , it was n't going to cut it At ALL !! So , I bought a nice automatic LabelMaker and tossed the old one in the trash . The Labeler was equiped with one roll of label making tape when I bought it and then I was on my own . And I had 6 filing cabinets worth of folders to make some sense out of . So , I developed my own little system which involved the use of different color Labling tapes for different Medicare Problems . What a life saver these vari-colored tapes were . Metallic Silver with Black Printing was used to delineate various diasnoses . Other colors for different things . But the metallic silver with black was a real `` Show Off and Show UP Color . '' I had no trouble looking for diagnoses and setting them up with the `` etceteras '' that went with them . The labeler was a life saver , no doubt about it . BUT , the color coded tapes played a huge part in setting the office up so it ran efficiently and effectively.I think thise colored tapes are great . I use them at work and at home . I sincerely recommend their use to those of you who are befuddled and bamboozed by your own overwhelming amounts of information . Use these colors to your advantage and I , personally , suggest that Metallic Silver with Black is great for your most important , or your most basic needs . The lettering shows right up . There is no missing it . So , take heart . You too , can be organized , efficient , and in control of the paper . Go for it.o Dymo Corporation o - Electric Labelmaker ,180 Resolution,8-1 / 2 `` x9-19 / 32 `` x3-5 / 16 `` Dymo LetraTag Plus LT-100H Personal Label MakerNew Dymo Letratag Plastic Label Tape Cassette 1/2in X 13ft Hyper Yellow Easy Communication
 Metallic Silver labels . Very unique I used it on Chritmas pages for labeling and also for my textbooks . The silver looked really nice on them .
 Bought This for a Great Price !! DYMO 91338 Tape for LetraTag Label Printers -LRB- Metallic Silver with Black Printing , 1/2in -RRB- Product was as shown and described . Arrived fairly quick . Will purchase again if available !!
 This tape has a really cool color . I 'm definitely a fan . It seems to stick better than some of the other DYMO label colors that I 've had but it may just be different surfaces that I 've used . So , that 's definitely not a scientific statement . One thing you want to avoid is putting it into the microwave . It will spark . But , if you are daring enough , you can probably get away with it . It probably depends on your microwave.Good product , I 'll use this color again .
 This product makes the changing of tape very easy , just open lid remove old cartridge and put in new , that 's it print away .
 What can you say about label printer tape . It works as it was intended . Could be easier to peel the backing off , but like I said , it does what it does .
 This is the best Metallic Silver Tape ive ever bought ! ... it is also great because of its handy size . I recomend his item to any one who needs some Metallic Silver Tape .
 Dymo products are usually very good . What they say about it , it 's like it is .
 We used this in our business and it worked like a charm ! The printing was fast and high quality .
 Make sure when you are ordering one of these older label printers whether it is USB or the older style . I have both and can use either one , but the older ones require a special cord adapter . We plugged it in and it worked great and we make a lot of labels in one day . I had one that took us 4 years to wear out . Gon na be sad when we ca n't find any more of these .
 The `` Dymo LabelWriter EL60 '' is a small printer shaped like a half circle with a semi clear window in the front to view labels as they are printer . On the front of the printer is a horizontal slot from which labels are `` ejected '' once printed . Front panel controls are limited to one ; the advance label button , used in case the label become jammed , or the printer will not print , but you need to advance the label . Also on the front of the `` Dymo LabelWriter EL60 '' is a small oval yellow light indicating that the unit is powered on . On the back there is rocker switch for power , and two connections for serial and USB.The curious looking little gray `` Dymo LabelWriter EL60 '' is easy to setup . Install the provided software , connect the printer to an available USB or serial port , turn it on , and finish the installation of the software ; it 's that simple . Since the `` Dymo LabelWriter EL60 '' uses a thermal print head to make labels , there is not cartridge or ribbons to install , and installation of the roll of labels is simple and straight forward.The provided software is simple and straight forward ; there are not a lot of bells and whistles , making the package is easy to master . With the `` Dymo LabelWriter EL60 '' you can interface with Symantec ACT ! , an excellent contact manager , and Goldmine , which will allow you to print address labels from these two programs.The program , called simply Dymo Label will allow you to save custom labels , but there are a number of label templates to choose from as well . Data can be imported into the program via Windows Clipboard . A list manager -LRB- address book -RRB- is included which acts as a contact manager for easy access to stored labels , complete with ZIP Code address bar . Graphics , albeit in black & white , can easily be added to labels via a handy graphics tool ; lines , rectangles , and bar codes can also be inserted via the same toolbar.You can connect a `` Dymo LabelWriter EL60 '' , to a PC running Windows 95 , 98 , NT , 2000 , or XP , or a Macintosh running OS 8 or later . The internal auto switching power supply works worldwide , a feature that is rare in a unit so small.Print QualityLike a laser printer , thermal printing utilizes heat to produce output , using `` special '' heat sensitive paper . But unlike a laser printer , thermal technology does not use toner ; therefore there are no messy toner cartridges to replace . The image is literally burned onto the paper by the print heads , and the output is on par with laser and inkjet printers.Once printed , the output does not smudge , even freshly printed . There is no noticeable banding , or blotching . Fonts are well rounded where they need to be , and sharp and crisp when called for.The 203 dpi resolution is more then adequate for standard mailing labels . Be aware that direct sunlight and fluorescent light for an extended period of time might cause labels to fade.LabelsLike rival Sanyo , Dymo offers a stellar array of labels for the `` Dymo LabelWriter EL60 '' but they are proprietary , and you 'll be hard pressed to find third party labels that will fit printer . Dymo offers a variety of different labels ; I doubt the average user will have difficulty finding labels to fit their needs . Common label types such as address labels are relatively inexpensive -LRB- A roll of 220 shipping labels -LRB- 2.125 `` x4 '' -RRB- averages $ 14.99 -RRB- , while specialty labels can be quite expensive . Labels can be purchased on-line at such outlets as Amazon.com , Staples.com , and Buy.com , or purchased from traditional office suppliers , such as Office Depot and OfficeMax.The shelf life for the labels is just under two years , and they should be stored in a cool dry place for the obvious reasons .
 I 've used this product for over a year now and would n't trade it for the world . I print all of my business contacts in batches and from MS Word . It saves me countless hours over the course of a year ! I love it .
 WOW We are impressed . I bought this before Christmas to help my daughter -LRB- 9 years old -RRB- improve her organizational skills and now the entire family uses it . My husband and I each take it to work and the kids use it for numerous school-related things . My husband 's employer and mine have each made purchases of this item since seeing how wonderful it is and easy to use . We may have to buy three more so we can all have our own . Tremendous improvement over the old DYMOs !
 I bought this label maker on advice of the above customer reviews . I have not been disappointed . The Letratag is easy and fun to use . I 've used it to identify frozen leftovers , organize photo albums , and organize my filing cabinets . One of my concerns was the availability of the labels . I have not found it to be a problem , Amazon carries many different ones , as does Target . For the price of the labelmaker and the labels I do n't think one can find a better deal out there .
 I use my machine to label shelves , leftovers , boxes and anything I lend/leave out that I want returned . I 've only used the plastic labels and they stick wonderfully . If you buy one , be sure to order some plain plastic labels - my unit came with one roll of happy face background tape , which is very distracting for everyday use . I only wish there were an easier way to select the special characters - I have to keep the instructions handy to locate the special codes to print symbols .
 Four and a half stars , really . The Dymo LetraTag is fun and easy to use ! It does a few different fonts , vertical strips , two-line labels , and symbols . You 'll actually want to go through and organize your filing cabinet . The only thing I do n't like is the cheapo paper label tape -- OK for sticking to paper items -LRB- like file folders -RRB- but it does n't work well on plastic -LRB- like VHS cassettes . -RRB- Splurge and get the more expensive plastic tape if you want a little more versatility .
 if you 're looking for millions of possible text configurations , this is not the product for you . it is an easy , affordable , and fully functional label maker . my wife and i use it for everything and are very pleased with its reliable performance .
 We wanted something to leave in the kitchen to mark all those left-overs , the other canisters that seem to find a way in the cupboards -LRB- and you have to look inside to see what it contained ! -RRB- , etc. . This has been perfect , and we find uses all the time . It was great for use in the garden and while rewiring the house .
 This is one of the best prodcts they made . If you want to get it at wal-mart 0r other places you pay 29.00 and maby 50.00 but amazon you pay 23.95 has just th right price . and the kids love it for school for there folders so just get this prodouct . It the best
 I am a music teacher who has thousands of resources . Some of these resources are lent to students and colleagues . The Dymo LetraTag is a great way of labeling my stuff to make sure that it gets returned to me !! The labels that this machine uses adhere better than the labels from my Casio labeler or my wife 's Brother labeler . The batteries last much longer with this machine as well . An investment that is well worth the price .
 Purchased one of these last week and found 101 uses for it already . It inspired me to tackle my file cabinet for pre-tax organizing . I 'm purchasing another one for my wife to use with PTA . Get one .
 This is labeling the way it should be . Nice price on a quality product . Not like the old labelmakers that made impressions on plastic tape , this product can print on a variety of tape -LRB- available separately -RRB- - paper , plastic or metalic . The keyboard is a little clumsy , but for under -LSB- money -RSB- I can live with it . I use it for all kinds of labels .
 I love this thing and I 've only had it for a few days ! -LRB- Wish I 'd seen it on Amazon first and knew it came in Translucent Purple like my computer . -RRB- I 'm just gon na have to get another one !! I got it so I could label boxes for ebay items I sell . Now , I can package the item , get a TRUE weight for Shipping costs , and just label the box so I know what 's in it ! I even used it to add a friend 's name and info to her Mary Kay catalogs !! I can think of a million reasons/uses for this thing , and NOT A SINGLE ONE INVOLVES NOT OWNING IT !
 I got this as a gift , and one roll of labels . I know there are more type out there . This unit was inexpensive , easy to use , and very easy to figure out how to do two lines of text , or special characters .
 This is possibly the best little electronic device ever invented ! I 've had mine for 10 years it seems . I 've labeled everything in my house I can think of - garbage disposal switch , light switch next to it . License Plate # on the back of my Driver 's License . Phone # on the back of my phone . Kids love it ! They put their name in and label small toys or whatever .
 I can not say enough about this product . Recently I went to Staples and tried out the competing but much more expensive Brother P-Touch series , and I like the Letratag way better ! The Letratag 's tapes are cheaper , seem more durable , the print looks great , and I think the build quality and tape cartridge design of the Letratag is better than the $ 50 and $ 70 P-Touch 's . The Brother P-Touch has a slightly more convenient typewriter-like keyboard layout , and has an AC adaptor accessory to plug it into the wall , so if you 're going to use a labelmaker all day , it 's a better choice . But for home and home office use , the Letratag turns scribbles on Post-it notes and file folders into professional-looking and durable labels.I got the white plastic , white paper , yellow plastic , and silver metallic lables -LRB- all with black printing -RRB- , and they are all proving useful . My particular Letratag came with a yellow `` smiley face '' cartridge -LRB- do n't know if that 's still offered -RRB- , which is good for writing little romantic labels for your sweetheart and for `` fun-looking '' labels for kids.I calculate the average cost of a 2 '' label at about $ 0.07 , not counting replacing the batteries -LRB- 6 AA , not included ; I do n't know how long they last yet -RRB- .
 Great label maker . Easy to use .
 Purchased one of these last week and found 101 uses for it already . It inspired me to tackle my file cabinet for pre-tax organizing . I 'm purchasing another one for my wife to use with PTA . Get one .
 This is labeling the way it should be . Nice price on a quality product . Not like the old labelmakers that made impressions on plastic tape , this product can print on a variety of tape -LRB- available separately -RRB- - paper , plastic or metalic . The keyboard is a little clumsy , but for under -LSB- money -RSB- I can live with it . I use it for all kinds of labels .
 I love this thing and I 've only had it for a few days ! -LRB- Wish I 'd seen it on Amazon first and knew it came in Translucent Purple like my computer . -RRB- I 'm just gon na have to get another one !! I got it so I could label boxes for ebay items I sell . Now , I can package the item , get a TRUE weight for Shipping costs , and just label the box so I know what 's in it ! I even used it to add a friend 's name and info to her Mary Kay catalogs !! I can think of a million reasons/uses for this thing , and NOT A SINGLE ONE INVOLVES NOT OWNING IT !
 I got this as a gift , and one roll of labels . I know there are more type out there . This unit was inexpensive , easy to use , and very easy to figure out how to do two lines of text , or special characters .
 This is possibly the best little electronic device ever invented ! I 've had mine for 10 years it seems . I 've labeled everything in my house I can think of - garbage disposal switch , light switch next to it . License Plate # on the back of my Driver 's License . Phone # on the back of my phone . Kids love it ! They put their name in and label small toys or whatever .
 I can not say enough about this product . Recently I went to Staples and tried out the competing but much more expensive Brother P-Touch series , and I like the Letratag way better ! The Letratag 's tapes are cheaper , seem more durable , the print looks great , and I think the build quality and tape cartridge design of the Letratag is better than the $ 50 and $ 70 P-Touch 's . The Brother P-Touch has a slightly more convenient typewriter-like keyboard layout , and has an AC adaptor accessory to plug it into the wall , so if you 're going to use a labelmaker all day , it 's a better choice . But for home and home office use , the Letratag turns scribbles on Post-it notes and file folders into professional-looking and durable labels.I got the white plastic , white paper , yellow plastic , and silver metallic lables -LRB- all with black printing -RRB- , and they are all proving useful . My particular Letratag came with a yellow `` smiley face '' cartridge -LRB- do n't know if that 's still offered -RRB- , which is good for writing little romantic labels for your sweetheart and for `` fun-looking '' labels for kids.I calculate the average cost of a 2 '' label at about $ 0.07 , not counting replacing the batteries -LRB- 6 AA , not included ; I do n't know how long they last yet -RRB- .
 Great label maker . Easy to use .
 WOW We are impressed . I bought this before Christmas to help my daughter -LRB- 9 years old -RRB- improve her organizational skills and now the entire family uses it . My husband and I each take it to work and the kids use it for numerous school-related things . My husband 's employer and mine have each made purchases of this item since seeing how wonderful it is and easy to use . We may have to buy three more so we can all have our own . Tremendous improvement over the old DYMOs !
 I bought this label maker on advice of the above customer reviews . I have not been disappointed . The Letratag is easy and fun to use . I 've used it to identify frozen leftovers , organize photo albums , and organize my filing cabinets . One of my concerns was the availability of the labels . I have not found it to be a problem , Amazon carries many different ones , as does Target . For the price of the labelmaker and the labels I do n't think one can find a better deal out there .
 I use my machine to label shelves , leftovers , boxes and anything I lend/leave out that I want returned . I 've only used the plastic labels and they stick wonderfully . If you buy one , be sure to order some plain plastic labels - my unit came with one roll of happy face background tape , which is very distracting for everyday use . I only wish there were an easier way to select the special characters - I have to keep the instructions handy to locate the special codes to print symbols .
 Four and a half stars , really . The Dymo LetraTag is fun and easy to use ! It does a few different fonts , vertical strips , two-line labels , and symbols . You 'll actually want to go through and organize your filing cabinet . The only thing I do n't like is the cheapo paper label tape -- OK for sticking to paper items -LRB- like file folders -RRB- but it does n't work well on plastic -LRB- like VHS cassettes . -RRB- Splurge and get the more expensive plastic tape if you want a little more versatility .
 if you 're looking for millions of possible text configurations , this is not the product for you . it is an easy , affordable , and fully functional label maker . my wife and i use it for everything and are very pleased with its reliable performance .
 We wanted something to leave in the kitchen to mark all those left-overs , the other canisters that seem to find a way in the cupboards -LRB- and you have to look inside to see what it contained ! -RRB- , etc. . This has been perfect , and we find uses all the time . It was great for use in the garden and while rewiring the house .
 This is one of the best prodcts they made . If you want to get it at wal-mart 0r other places you pay 29.00 and maby 50.00 but amazon you pay 23.95 has just th right price . and the kids love it for school for there folders so just get this prodouct . It the best
 I am a music teacher who has thousands of resources . Some of these resources are lent to students and colleagues . The Dymo LetraTag is a great way of labeling my stuff to make sure that it gets returned to me !! The labels that this machine uses adhere better than the labels from my Casio labeler or my wife 's Brother labeler . The batteries last much longer with this machine as well . An investment that is well worth the price .
 Colonel Marko and Mr Brettler are , a little to my surprise , completely correct . -LRB- By the way , my surprise is NOT because of them . It 's really aimed at myself -RRB- . You will absolutely , without a doubt , be able to appreciate the difference between this Waterman -LRB- I really do n't know any of the others -RRB- and other brands . It has a pleasing symmetry when you look at the pen . It has a heft as well as a balance . But the feel of this nib - a medium point - on paper -LRB- even the cheap WalMart American Scholar copybooks I kind of favor ; they remind me of PS 208 back in Brooklyn 60 years ago -RRB- directing the flow of Waterman 's Intense Black is ... well ... worth it . Sure , fill in your favorite simile for smooth-and-effortless . You 'll know you 're right as soon as you put down that first signature.By the way , my handwriting is little improved since Brooklyn.I 'm retired , and I mostly piddle in my notebooks . -LRB- The old think themselves lucky if then can piddle even with medication , you know -RRB- . I 've been using a Lamy with Noodler 's , and I thought this was great . -LRB- I still do . It 's just a little LESS great -RRB- . I bought myself a Nemosine on Amazon - it 's OK , but you 're scratching like a monk trying to fill your quota of Scripture before the Vikings begin the daily raid . Yes ... it 's a fine point , but so is a Lamy I ` ved used without that same crab-scratch walking on the page.I did n't really believe there would be a difference . Yes , I 'm embarrassed - a little - because I 'm going on about a pen and some ink . But you know how when you hope that something will be different , and then it really IS different , and you feel happy , and proud of yourself , and maybe a little surprised you were right , and you did n't want to tell anybody you spent that much money on a pen , not to mention the shipping ? You wanted to be wrong but you could n't believe you were right ? Like some of those dates your friends talked you into back in high school ? And then they were n't just dates , but you looked forward to seeing the girl during `` silent passing '' in the halls ? -LRB- Can you believe what we called things during The Cold War ? SILENT PASSING . Try saying it now -RRB- . That 's the way it is with this pen . I 'm serious.By the way , that French company that sells the pen and ships it out ? They do a great job.One last by-the-way
 Simple reviewHave always preferred gel to ballpoint largely due to the awkward way I hold a writing instrument . Hand tires out easy , especially when dealing with fine points and little definition . People have recommended to me that I step into the world of fountain pens . Said that , not only would my hand hurt less after hours of research , but the look of the thing is more dignified . I write for a living , so the latter is more important than I have previously realized.General rule of thumb , I 've been told , is to select a fountain pen that 's not too expensive -LRB- for fear of not liking the ilk -RRB- and not too cheap -LRB- ca n't adapt to fountain pens if practicing with a generic piece of garbage -RRB- . Happy to say that the Waterman Expert fits happily into the above categories . My writing has never been so smooth and my hand hurts a lot less by the end of each workday . Although thick , the pen rests nicely in your hand - even if you hold it differently from others . Its sleek look will also turn some eyes , meaning you 'll look forward to a future purchase if only to better accessorize.Good brand . Good pen . Fantastic deal .
 I have used expensive pens before when I was in the corporate world , mostly Cross Pens and Mont Blanc.I say that to say this
 This pen has a well-designed and balanced weight . It feels substantial , yet natural in my hand . The writing is effortless and wildly smooth . Best Waterman fountain pen I 've owned . Highly recommended .
 This pen is an excellent value -LRB- I purchased it on Amazon for $ 39.99 -RRB- . It is highly functional and would be a good choice for an &#34; every day &#34; pen at the home or office.My other fountain pen is a Montblanc , and there is no comparison between the two
 The pen I received is extremely nice . The brushed chrome was flawless , and the contrast between the brushed chrome , the polished metal and black on the body and cap of the pen are sharp looking . The pen 's gauge is a little bit thicker than other Waterman pens I own , but the wider-gauged pen fits my hand much better . The only problem that I have with the pen -LRB- not a complaint -RRB- is that the medium nib is too thick for me . I am considering purchasing a fine or extra fine nib to replace the one that came with the pen , but with the awesome price of this pen I will still be spending far less than the list price . Two things not mentioned in the product description is that this pen comes with one black Waterman pen cartridge , as well as , a Waterman ink converter . Adding the ink converter saves the buyer from having to purchase the converter separately , and saves money in the long-run because there is a significant difference between the cost of the bottles of ink compared to the refill cartridges . Personally , I use a converter ; however , I also carry refill cartridges too because , as some of you may have experienced , fountain pens seem to run out of ink at the worst possible times ! Overall , I am very please with my purchase , and would highly recommend this pen . The price is great , and this pen would be a nice addition to a collection , perfect for someone looking to &#34; test the waters &#34; with a fountain pen , or this pen would be an extremely nice gift .
 Got my pen quite quickly . Writes very smoothly . Comes with one ink cartridge , but does not come with an ink convertor . Very happy with my purchase .
 Thank you!I like silver color.It is soft to the touch.It is a substantially heavy pen.Totally very good to me
 The waterman fountain pen was purchased as a gift . It arrived in a beautiful box , in mint conndition and from what I understand is writing very well . My friend loved it so much he ordered another waterman fountain pen .
 Amazing shipping time -LRB- fast ! -RRB- and supurb quality - worth every penny and more ! Love it !!! Writes much better than my previous pen -LRB- Meridian Sensa -RRB- ... buy it !
 Great quality ... but a bit on the heavy side . Good for signing etc. ... but uncomfortable to hold for a prolonged period . Refill quality is great .
 I read a few reviews on other web sites looking for `` the best '' when it comes to wrist pillows for keyboard and mouse use . Imak 's ergoBeads was suggested , so I gave them a try.ergoBead feels like it uses little sticky gel beads inside a soft fabric bag . The non-skid version also has little rubber dots on one side to grab the table and keep it from moving around . The end result is a lovely cushioned beanbag thing that holds shape but feels quite nice and squishes and conforms to the hand and arm without creating a high spot.These are the most comfortable pads I 've ever used , short of hiring a nubile Filipino girl to lay on my desk and allow me to rest my aching wrists on her pillowy breasts . Unfortunately she costs more than $ 20 and does n't work well with my keyboard tray at work . This is the next best thing .
 I 'm not a fan of mouse pads , especially my last so-called ergonomic mouse pad , it just got in the way when I was designing . I should n't have kept it so long , but I definitely wanted the wrist support . I finally got online to look for something better and found this - this little bean bag is perfect ! What I love about it is that it does n't impede my wrist from moving . I can roll it a little up and down without it sliding , but it 's also not sticky , it 's not stuck to the desk , so it 's easy to reposition left to right with my wrist if I need to . The tag annoys me , I keep meaning to cut it off , but other than that I just love it .
 It is my constant keyboard companion . Use it literally every minute I am at my computer . My wrist pain has practically disappeared over the months use . Does n't seem to wear at all . I also bought the IMAK pad without the traction side , but prefer the non-skid version . I highly recommend it to anyone with wrist pain when typing to try it .
 I purchased a Dymo LabelWriter Turbo 330 printer from the seller . Once I received it , I could not get it working . The seller called me on my cell and helped me . Now this printer is working great . I would buy again from this seller anytime .
 Some months back , I took the plunge for a Mac Titanium G4 PowerBook . This resulted in all sorts of `` legacy '' issues for my then-existing peripherals , thanks to USB and FireWire replacing the older SCSI , LocalTalk and ADB protocols . And of course the replacement of ADB by USB required my getting a new mouse.I 'm pleased to report that this Kensington Optical Pro mouse is not only the last word in flexibility and programmability ; it is a bargain as well . And , for the Mac , there are absolutely no mouse driver issues , as some Windows 2000 users have reported below.For all the months that I have already used this mouse , I find little need so far to resort to its by-application programmability
 This is the best computer peripheral I 've ever purchased.One day God decided to remind me that I 'm a psychology student and not a computer programmer , which he accomplished by interrupting my successful web design career with debilitating carpal tunnel syndrome . So I went out looking for an optical mouse -LRB- and braces , and an ergo keyboard , and a better chair , and a big big bottle of ibuprofen -RRB- . Thus I came upon the Kensington MIAB Optical Pro . Now look -- I can even waste keystrokes typing silly reviews on Amazon -LSB- . com -RSB- ! With four buttons plus a clickable scroll wheel , this mouse offers a great many opportunities to reduce wrist-flinging . It comes with customization software that allows you to define different click-equivalents for different programs . It 's not perfect , but it 's made my work much slicker and more pleasant.The best part came when the mouse broke . The Kensington tech actually _ listened _ to my report of the problem and the hardware-testing I 'd done to diagnose it . He immediately shipped me a replacement , even before asking that I send back the damaged mouse . This kind of service is even more valuable to me than the product itself .
 I immediately fell in love with this mouse the first time I used it . The contours fit perfectly into your hand , whether being left or right-handed . There are 4 programmable buttons , as well as the fifth button in the scroll wheel . The scroll wheel can be programmed as well.This mouse can be used with a USB or serial/ps2 connection . The convenience , which should I choose ? USB of course , but for those of you who do n't have a USB equipped computer , do n't fret.The optical mouse are superb these days , since they do not require a good surface to be used on . Wheel mice are horrible now , how can I go back to a mouse with a dinky wheel ?! I have a desk with a crack in the center , which a wheeled mouse would studder as I roll it over the crack . Not with this optical mouse , it does n't even flinch when I roll it over the crack!I highly recommend this mouse to anyone who is skeptical about an optical mouse .
 When my Apple Pro mouse bit the dust , I needed a new mouse and turned to MacWorld for recommendations . This mouse was among the most highly rated , and having bought it , I have to agree . The cost is very reasonable , I like the feel of it , and the Mouseworks software is great . It 's not quite as pretty as the Apple Pro , but it 's half the price and provides about ten times the options . It 's a trade-off I think I can live with.The one thing holding me back from giving this product a higher rating was the omission of the Mac version of Mouseworks on the bundled CD . I was able to download it easily from the Kensington web site , but it seems a rather silly mistake on the manufacturer 's part.Also , I used the feature that lets you buy the product online , then pick it up at a local Circuit City store . The process worked very smoothly - I 'll be doing it again .
 The day after writing a review of my Microsoft Optical Intellimouse , against which I questioned if the Kensington Optical Pro would steal back my Kensington loyalty , I found the Kensington mouse locally at half-price . Because of the low price , I went ahead and bought it in spite of uncertainties regarding the Windows 2000 drivers.In short , if you use Windows 2000 , I do not recommend this mouse . Kensington is still developing their drivers and only have a beta release available for Win2K , identified as version 5.60 b8 -LRB- as of 1/18/01 -RRB- . On my system I found the mouse might initially work just fine but would lose functionality of the keys after a short period of time . Although my system multi-boots between Win2K and Windows Millennium , I did n't try the mouse out under the latter , since Win2K is more frequently used.So , for now I have relegated the mouse to use on my Windows NT4 PC at work , where it does perform just fine and with the full dynamic reprogramming of the mouse buttons as I switch between applications . I did have problems initially with scrolling in Internet Explorer 5.5 but that was resolved by selecting `` Office 97 Style '' scrolling in the MouseWorks control panel . Given that the mouse works properly with WinNT4 , I 'm pretty confident that it would work well also in Windows Millennium , since those drivers are likely quite similar to the Windows 9x drivers that , like WinNT4 , have been around long enough to have matured . That is , Windows 2000 was quite a large change and thus I guess one could expect drivers for it to be more unique than those for the other operating systems . Regardless , it is quite annoying that Kensington does n't have out fully working drivers for Windows 2000 as the O/S is now about 1 year old.Ergonomically , my opinions are mixed in comparison to the Microsoft Optical Intellimouse . On both mice , I 'd rather see the side buttons moved forward just a bit more , and that is more true of the Kensington mouse which requires more effort to depress the buttons . The top mouse buttons on both mice have a comfortable activation effort , but I 'd give a nod to the Kensington as being closer to my personal preferences . And , as expected , I do much more prefer the tension on the wheel of the Kensington . This is more noticeable as I switch between the mice at home and at work . The MS mouse wheel can literally be spun with a flick of the finger while the Kensington can not ; I prefer the added feel of the latter . As for the mouse body , the Kensington loses out to the MS mouse in two aspects
 I needed something to organize active files that were taking up to much space on my desk . This organizer works great for keeping the clutter contained , I can still see each file label and now have some space back on my desktop . Ca n't beat the price ! I would highly recommend .
 no comment . just amazingg ! i 'm a student , and I use a section for each subject and everything 's just well organized !
 I got this 11.375 model and the 23.2-inch organizer too . Both fit perfectly into my file cabinet , but I prefer this one because the spacing between the wire spacers is smaller . I put just one folder in each space so that they stand up straight , making the folder label very easy to see and identify . I ordered another 11.375 organizer to put in the same file cabinet drawer . I have the 23.2 incher down below in the lower drawer for bigger file folders like ones stuffed with old letters and product manuals , as well as folders I do n't access very often so I can bunch them together with other folders in the same space . Do n't know why some reviewers complained about the little rubber bases being hard to put on . I found them quite easy to snap on .
 provide a perfect fit for my filing cabinets and desk . I am able to be much more organized with my class files and student work .
 It is not the most comfortable mouse I have ever used but the software that comes with it is very easy to use . I like being able to easily program the buttons . Also , the fact that dust and other stuff does n't get inside the mouse causing the ball to go crazy is awesome .
 This is an excellent choice for an optical mouse . Of course , I would n't consider using a non-optical mouse any longer , and this one is well worth the cost , with programmable side buttons and a comfortable design . I use the default configuration for the side buttons , having the one on the right side being treated as a `` double click '' which I find very convenient.For the price , this mouse is an excellent value .
 I bought this after my Motorola similar product died only after a month . I have had this now for 3 months and its still working like new . Clear reception even with microwave 10ft from base . But i would recommend much closer . Fine product , would buy again . Bought from another sellar for 50 bucks less , you just have to check out different sellars .
 Living in Alaska we burn our paper products in a burn barrel ... garbage pickup only comes once every 2 weeks and is spendy . Add the fact that I receive at least 5 unwanted catalogs a day , and they do n't burn well , this shredder is excellent . One of the best birthday presents I ever received . Does n't shred too many pages at once but is exactly what a home office needs .
 After a couple weeks , so far so good . Syncs well with multiple laptops , has good range , and is responsive . I use it for executive presentations , and my wife uses it to teach classes to groups of ~ 30 students . Gives you flexibility to be more interactive , roam away from the laptop , and you do not have to walk into the audiences view to advance a presentation or other demo .
 This is a great little device which is very easy to use . No software installation was necessary . I just plugged the `` receiver '' into a USB port and could operate the computer with the `` remote '' device . Since it operates by radio waves , you do n't even have to point the remote at the computer.Although the silver `` mouse '' buttons are easy to use , the control button in the middle of the remote is very sensitive to touch . It does take a little getting used to . Overall , though , I really like this device .
 I love the ease and abilities of this product . It is small and not awkward to use ... in fact it is very easy to use .
 I make a lot of presentations . This little unit stays with me no matter where I travel on business . The case makes it easy to keep the two components together when not in use and reduces the risk of loss or damage . Have not found a PC that did not work with it . Whenever some one else uses it , they want to know where they can get one.General use -LRB- page up/page down , and laser -RRB- are simple to use . But there is more that can be done , just not intuitive to figure out the more advanced features . But then again , not sure I need them !
 I 'm very pleased with this product , the proformance , the price , and the the service delivery time . Thank you and I 'm looking forward to doing business with you again .
 I make a lot of presentations for my job and wanted a more interesting way to present build slides while presenting . I had purchased one of those GYRO mice , but found it to be waaaaay too bulky to lug around . I stumbled across the Keyspan Remote Presentation remote and purchased it two year ago and it 's worked flawlessly since day one . The product is lightweight , is a snap to set-up and the range is quite good - well worth the small investment .
 Mainly bought this item as a mouse replacement and was tired of using the touchpad on my laptop.For anyone who likes to use SonicStage instead of windows media I am happy to say the media function works with this program nicely . The volume wheel also controls my computer volume when not in a media player which is also a nice feature.The mouse function works pretty well once you get used to it although the button feels like it catches a little.I 'd give this item five stars if they had used a regular battery or a rechargeable for power .
 Little bit troubles to get use to use it , but after some minutes , I was controlling not only my PPT but the hole computer -LRB- as a mouse -RRB- , you can click and drag , call the pop up menu , and with the -LRB- shift -RRB- you can controll the media player .
 One of the best devises I have ever buy . Small and reliable . Good compatibility with MacOS . Excellent compatibility with Windows XP
 This Keyspan Presenter allows teachers the freedom to walk all around the room and operate the computer with ease . Awesome tool .
 I bought this remote to use both giving PowerPoint presentations and demonstrate other software applications in front of an audience . Having the ability to use the little trackball on the presentation remote , allows me to move away from the computer and walk out in the audience - allowing for a more interactive presentation.The small size allows me to easily slip it into my shirt pocket and the red laser pointer is great for hightlighting different parts of the screen .
 I do a lot of presenting , and this remote device is exactly what I was looking for . You can be 30 + feet away from your laptop and LCD projector , even with a wall in between you and your equipment , and a simple press of the button advances the slide . Press the other button and you can go back a slide , and activate the laser pointer to highlight details on the screen at any distance.Its also small enough to keep in your pocket or unobtrusively hiiden in your hand while you speak . This one is a keeper .
 This works great . I have no complaints . It 's easy to hold , is unobtrusive , and has features found in the more expensive products . I like that it can also simultaneously be used to control media players , so you can manage background music , as well . The `` joystick '' center button I found a little difficult to use for precise motion . It comes with a nice little carrying bag , with a separate pocket to store the USB device .
 We frequently send the Keyspan remote out on sales presentations or for production use in large shows . Often as not , once our clients see and use the remote , they want to keep it.One star subtracted for a slightly confusing interface and no media mode support on the Mac ; otherwise a nearly-perfect unit .
 I recently converted my six-hour workshop from old-school transparencies to PowerPoint -LRB- see my review of Beyond Bullet Points -RRB- , and someone I deeply respect said to get the Keyspan unit . I did , and it 's great ! Simple to operate , and lets me move naturally around the room without being tied to the keyboard to move to the next slide . I practiced with it , and it worked flawlessly the first time I tried it.Tips : o carry an extra batteryo take out the battery when traveling - otherwise it might drain from the buttons being accidentally pressed againsto you may have to reset it when you put in a new battery . there 's a pinhole in the receiver - just press it . the instructions have more detailNote
 I already had one of this Keyspan remote when I bought the second one . My boss requested my advice to buy one for the department and , as I 'm so pleased with the one I had , that recomended one for my company.The battery ? No problem , the CR2450 is available y many sites on the web , and they 're not expensive at all .
 Have used the remote for several presentations now and found it to be a very worthwhile tool . I am very pleased with it at this point , especially the ability to exercise control from anywhere in the room without having to point the controller at the computer .
 I use the Keyspan PR-US2 several times a week while presently lectures in a university classroom environment . I have also used it to make presentations in scientific seminars . It has always worked flawlessly for me and I recommendation highly to anyone who makes presentations to groups . The equipment was extremely easy to install as was the driver . I have not yet encountered any problems using the remote during lectures .
 We have 20 + of these Keyspan presentation remotes and they 're , by far , the absolute best that money can buy for the price . We 've never replaced with anything else in over two years . Feature set is unbeatable and battery life is really good . The user even has the option of syncing the remote so that no other presentation remote can create interference with the presentation . If you 're looking for a presentation remote in the $ 30 - $ 60 price range , look no further and purchase .
 This remote is very easy to use and install , only took a few minutes to get familiar with it . I would recommend it !
 The Keyspan Wireless Remote is a must for anyone who teaches or does presentations . It is easy to use and works well on a Mac or a PC . No additional software is needed . Plug it in and it is recognized by the computer . I highly recommend this product .
 This is n't the flashiest remote on the planet , but we 've found it easy to use on both PC and Mac machines . Having the pointer feature was something everybody wanted , along with being able to walk around and still advance the frames . We give new remotes to new faculty and I 've had several requests for replacements after we 've used the old ones to death , so everybody seems happy .
 Though they only last for about three years of everyday use , this little unit is the only mouse I use . My laptop is conected to my bigscreen TV along with this unit and a wireless keypad . I do all my home computing from the comfort of my couch . `` Couch potato heaven '' !!! You can control every thing and it has impressive range and accuracy . It wo n't fetch my beer though , I 've got to do that myself . It 's the perfect size you can even use it with you 're arms folded to give the apearance of mind control computing -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- . It takes a little getting use to at first but once you do you wo n't be disappointed . Just buy it !
 The Keyspan Presentation Remote is exactly what was needed for lectures and presentations . The unit is easy to use with one minor exception . Activating the laser pointer could be more easy if only one button was required . On the other hand , control of the PC cursor is excellent , as is the forward and backward switching of slides . In summary , the features in the unit combined with the price make this device cost effective .
 Using hyperlinks to bring up reference slides for discussion and then a hyperlink to go back on topic is not smoothly accomplished.Compared to using a mouse , getting the pointer to appear and move to the hyperlink button is not easily controlled . The uncertain movement detracts from the presentation.Consider two or more references that are required to address audience questions . None or only one reference might be needed which makes mouse clicks impractical for navigation .
 The Keyspan PR-US2 Presentation Remote is great for instructors that like to walk around a room while teaching . You are not tied down to a computer or have to rely on someone else to change slides . The lazer pointer is a great way to highlight something in your slide as well . This is a great all in one remote .
 Have used my Keyspan for over three years - only changed the battery once ; how ? When you are done with your presentation , flip the battery over in its space - no pain and no drain ! You 'll only start a presentation once without flipping it back , presuming you are trainable!Very easy to use , comfortable to hold . Have n't needed the laser much or the mouse-pad for on-screen pointer.All in all , a slick device ! There are cheaper and of course more expensive , but I find this one to have to broadest application for the price.Worth a try !
 This remote is excellent for those who spend a lot of time teaching or making presentations , and abhorr the thought of being perched behind a podium . The coverage is excellent , and the size is small enough to almost disappear from view . I actually position mine horizontally , using a rubber band to attach the bottom of the remote against my belt with the top latch hooked to a belt loop.The only issue I would have , if I were big on laser pointers , is the activiation of the pointer itself . Other than that , this is the best I 've used thus far .
 I bought this remote for my Power Point Presentation and it works fine , but In a MAC some functions do n't work . For that reason I give 4 stars.Its a little complicate to move the cursor with it , but with a little practice you 'll control it.The batery is a little expensive in comparison with other type of bateries in the market.The laser pointer its a very good extra , it helps you in the presentation not having two things in your hand , just remember to turn it off when you 're done .
 I purchased the keyspan mouse after having used it and two other remotes , or wireless , mice.i have to use a remote on a few different computers for presentations . I do n't have to lug around my laptop , just plug it into the USB port of any handy computer and i 'm ready.I used the Logitec remote mouse which fills the palm of the hand ; I used the microsoft remote , which is just as bulky , also.this is the only one that works everytime ; with the keyspan I do n't have to wait for the computer and transmitter to link to the mouse.the others were simply too large to carry around in a briefcase.this one fits easily in the top pocket of a dress shirt.it fits easily in the hand and I do n't have to have a surface to roll the mouse on.i can carry it in the tiny vinyl covered pouch sold with the remote . the pouch has an attached cord to make it hard to forget.with 2 different modes , one for presentations , and one for controlling programs it really is more than a presentation remote.I am happy with this remote -LRB- even at the higher price than others -RRB- and recommend any serious presenter of powerpoints or user who has to demonstrate programs .
 I conduct corporate training and teach college courses . In both arenas , I frequently use information from my laptop to illustrate . This portable mouse gives me the freedom and flexibility to present from anywhere in the room and not be tied to my computer . The first one I got had a flaw , but Keyspan replaced it immediately after my conversation with their technical support . The replacement has worked flawlessly . I love the range on this remote ; I can control the computer from hundreds of feet away . The only challenge is if someone in the next room has the same remote -- then you start changing each others ' presentations unexpectedly . The remote does have different codes you can switch to in order to avoid that problem -LRB- which I had to do once -RRB- . Overall , a great product and well worth the price .
 I bought 3 for speakers that come to our school to do presentations and they all loved it . Have n't had a problem with any of them . Though turning on the laser pointer is a bit complicated .
 Best thing I could have purchased to be an outstanding presneter using power point !! I use with with my Mac lap top . Fantastic !! I highly recommend it !!
 In my work I do media presentations from my laptop several times per day . With the Keystone remote I can sit with the client at a distance and still both operate the laptop and control the presentations . It took some practice to be able to operate it in `` mouse '' mode accurately . But within an hour or so I could do anything I can do with a regular mouse . I 'm very satisfied with this product .
 I just got this remote today . I plugged in the RF receiver to my laptop , opened up a powerpoint presentation and it worked ! There was not much else to it . The instructions say that if you are a Windows user you need some kind of software and if you are a Mac user then you dont need the software but I think that might be the other way around because I am a windows user and I didnt need any software . I look forward to using it so that I can actually move around while I teach . Be careful ... the switch that you use to advance forward is quite sensitive . I get the feeling I will accidentally moving forward more than one slide quite a bit .
 I tried my remote a few times and I 'm happy with it thus far . I do n't know how long its going to last in this shape but as for now , I 'm satisfied .
 I have used the Keyspan PR-US2 Presentation Remote with my MacBook laptop and have been very pleased . It works nicely for PowerPoint presentations , the laser pointer has been very useful , and I 've also used the remote mouse feature to manipulate other software . It was a good purchase for me .
 This tool is just fantistic , I really love the built in laser pointer and the small size of the remote is great .
 Bought first in 2003 , second today . Great device . I talk for a living and have to have this . Considered others but scroll wheel makes it easy , fits my hand perfectly . Doubles as mouse . Could not be easier . Everyone that sees it wants one . Have to keep an extra battery handy though -LRB- or would be 5 stars -RRB- .
 I use this on my Apple iBook and it works very well . No criticism at all . Would buy it again .
 The presentation mouse is the best I could find . You can literally jam it into any laptop and be presenting remotely in a matter of seconds . No software to install , has a powerful laser pointer , and is very intuitive and easy to use . A definite must-buy for any business person that does a lot of PowerPoints . Get away from your laptop and present !
 The Keyspan has worked wonderful from day one . I am using it with a Mac for presentations with my company at least once a week . It has never failed me . Very easy to use , comfortable in my hand and the `` plug and Play '' aspect of it makes it all the easier . Thank you Keyspan for a great product .
 I spent a lot of times to search one presentation remote control for Win 2000 Powerpoint . This is the right one . No software required , just plug into USB and enjoy using .
 This is my third Keyspan wireless remote . I wore out the first one and I replaced it with the newer model , then bought another of this model . I train professionally and would n't train without my Keyspan . -LRB- The same goes for my colleagues . -RRB- It works wonderfully well and the battery lasts a long time . It allows me to roam around the room -LRB- my training style -RRB- and run my presentation anywhere . Quite simply , it untethers me from my computer and allows me to focus on training/presenting -- plus it makes me look good while I do it.p.s . The only reason I gave this product 4 stars instead of 5 is that the newer model has more features that I like , like volume control and blank screen . But I bought this one because I like the touch of the mouse better .
 Trouble free installation and use . The only thing not super good is the little mouse pad -- it 's not as easy to move the cursor as quickly and accurately as a real mouse . But given the small space they have to work with it 's acceptable .
 This remote mouse is about the best on the market . Unfortunately , it takes a little practice to use it gracefully in front of an audience . The range of movement is great , I am a HS teacher and can easily walk around the room while presenting -LRB- 30 + feet away from my laptop -RRB- . Its small , light weight , powerful and the laser pointer pointer is very useful .
 I am a teacher and use poerpoints often . The remote is great , I have had no problems with it yet . I love the mouse feature .
 This remote is very commonly rebranded by many companies . I had a nice ACOM remote that looked * identical * except for the substituted logo . Both have the same features but the new one requires the user to hold down two buttons for ~ 5 seconds to activate the laser pointer which then auto shuts off after 30 minutes -LRB- regardless of the amount of activity -RRB- . This is probably a safety feature but is entirely unnecessary , and I have never seen a similar safety feature on a non-remote type laser pointer . I bought a dozen of these to outfit `` AV first aid kits '' to be used by visiting presenters at my college , and now I am dealing with the non-intuitive nature of these remotes .
 I use this almost daily in my classroom . While it was a little touchy at first , since being oriented it 's been flawless . Several other teachers I work with also have this remote and there 's never any interference . The laser pointer is n't the easiest thing to use on the fly , but the two-button operation does keep most kids from being able to figure it out . I strongly recommend picking one of these up .
 This remote is great ! I use it every week , and it has performed flawlessly . I usually use it on my MacBook , where it just plugs in and works perfectly , but I was shocked to plug it into a windows laptop , and have it work right off the bat , too ! I 'm used to things just not working on a Windows machine . At any rate , it was a great purchase , and I use it all the time . The laser pointer works great . The joystick to move the cursor takes some getting used to , but it works very well when you do .
 I use SuSE 10.1 in my laptop with OpenOffice Impress.This remote works great1 . Able to control the mouse2 . Able to move slides under Impress ahead and backwards with the button and very fast with the wheel3 . Laser pointer4 . Small size5 Good Range6 Very fast setup
 I used it for a powerpoint presentation and it was nice not to have to be next to the laptop changing the `` slides '' , you can do it at a distance and at the same time use the laser pointer ! I highly recommend it !
 Quick , simple , and easy to use . I 've been teaching with this model for the past 10 years with my lectures . I 've tried other presentation devices but they are not has user friendly , nor do they have the additional features to access the majority of Microsoft programs as the Keyspan model does . Though a bit more expensive than others , this is the best I have found and well worth the investment .
 I have had this remote for several years now . I use it in many different ways including power point presentations , but I also found out that this little wonder also works well with my survellance DVR . My DVR is mounted on my third floor of my home -LRB- inside a closet -RRB- I plugged the little unit into the USB port on the front of my DVR and amazingly I can still control my on screen cameras on a monitor -LRB- 3 floors down -RRB- . I know that not all electonics work the same but for me this little remote travels with me everywhere I go and it `` just works '' and that is all that I can ask for . What is most unusual about it is that it does not require you to install any software whatsoever , and like my security DVR , it will work with applications that does not have a windows platform .
 I have a computer in the bedroom for a tv so a mouse is n't ideal for use in bed and watching Netflix . This thing has been great and for the price it is a no brainer ! The distance works anywhere in the room , and the battery has lasted years now too . Nice little wheel on the side from scrolling . It also has some sort of override mode that changes the function of all the buttons that I am sure does really cool things but I have n't really used that since it meets all my needs .
 This is a nice , reliable device . Battery lasted about a year with limited use . My only issue with it is that everyone in my group uses the same device , and we have yet to figure out if there 's a way to change transmission frequencies . When we are in ajoining training rooms one of us has to stop using the remote otherwise we end up changing each other 's slides . That 's the down-side of having a longer range . But in general , we are very happy with it .
 Bought this item for the remote mouse control ; I have an HDTV connected to my desktop computer over 50ft way using an HDMI cable form -LSB- ... -RSB- . With the Keyspan PR-US2 , I have full use & control of my desktop mouse including left & right mouse key and scrolling from the toggle switch on the side . Now I can browse the web , watch Hula & Net Flicks on the Big Screen in my entertainment room 50ft away from the computer , Very Cool . It Works Great and works through walls .
 I bought this remote to make PowerPoint presentations and I have to say I am pretty satisfied with the purchase . It does what it claims , installation was painless , just insert the transmitter into USB port and WinXP can recognize the device . I have n't tested the maximum operating distance , but I never experienced a problem with the laptop not responding to my actions . Just a couple things I would like to mention that I feel need improvement.First , it 's difficult to turn on the laser pointer . You need to press one button and then hold two buttons together and wait for 10 seconds . And the same you would like to turn it off . I can not really understand if such complexity is really necessary.Second , the battery used is the round flat one , like the one in the watches , just bigger . You can find it online , but not in the convenience store . I would rather them use a standard one.Otherwise , I think for the money that is the best you can do . Comparable Logitech model is probably better , but costs $ 100 more at the time of this review .
 I do presentations all the time . Tired of my old remote , I bought one of each of the major brands to compare them
 I 've tried a number of remotes , some of which are more expensive . This one has worked the best for me . For a point of reference , the last one I used -LRB- and returned -RRB- was the Logitech Multimedia Presenter w / trackball ; unconventional start procedure and sloooooowwwww trackball that did n't move all that freely.Anyway , back to the point -LRB- er -RRB- . I think the Keyspan is laid out quite well . Advancing slides can be done using either the wheel or the advance button . The mouse is very responsive w / good speed and has an automatic slow-down next to buttons -LRB- nice for those w/o much dexterity or new to the one-finger operation -RRB- . The laser was n't as tough for me as some of the other reviewers . Just depress one button while depressing another one for 3-4 seconds and voila . The laser option is kinda moot for me though since using a laser on something like a powerpoint presentation will generally not yield good results anyway ; the laser will always get overpowered by the slide . If you use a laser on something like a big powerpoint on a screen , you can imagine just how ineffective it would be . That is why I use the mouse pointer when highlighting things I 'm talking about on a particular slide . And that is why the nice speed and responsiveness of the mouse pad is a plus.Bottom line
 This product works pretty well . And have used it fairly often . One thing I noticed , though
 I am a High School World History Teacher and Technology Facilitator . I needed a multimedia controller that could control my PowerPoint presentation and Windows Media Player . I was looking for a controller that gave me the ability to walk around the class and control my computer from the other side of the room . The Keyspan does everything it claims to do . I can control my PowerPoint , Smart board , DVD movies and websites from across the room . It even has a laser pointer . The mouse feature allows you to control all your programs and right and left click anywhere on the screen . I was even able to use the Keyspan with people and obstacles between the controller and the receiver . I am using this product on a computer that is running Windows XP .
 I have tested and used many remotes and have found that the Keyspan is the best remote for professional presentations . I am a trial lawyer and use the remote with PowerPoint for jury trials . As any presentation should go smoothly , the Keyspan remote works well from all over the room . I have not had any connectivity or response problems even from across the courtroom . Also , I walk around throughout my presentations and the remote has yet to let me down . Of course , proper placement of your receiving laptop is necessary.The Microsoft Wireless Presenter 3000 remote is a good size and fits nicely in my hand . I have had connectivity issues with it , however , as I have had to move closer to the receiver to get it to work . The last thing one wants during a presentation is to be distracted by technology . The mousing function is awkward and the back and forward buttons are small . The laser pointer is easy to access and utilize.The Logitech 2.4 GHz Cordless Presenter works well but does not have a mouse function . If any mousing needs to be part of your presentation , you are out of luck with this remote . Moreover , its quite expensive when compared to its competitors.I did not give the Keyspan remote 5 stars for the following two reasons
 I love that it has mouse capabilities . It works great and a strong range . I teach a computer class and switch back and forth from slide show to software . I can do it from anywhere in the room . Works well . I wish I could store the attachment inside the clicker but the little bag is ok . I have also applied sticky loop-and-hook dots to stick them together .
 I purchased the Tripp Lite because the original had worn out ... from use . I had purchased the original one about 5 yrs ago and used it extensively . I now have two USB recievers and one fully operational controllerI will recommend the Tripp Lite PR-US2 to Everyone with a need for remote operations or a handy mouse for their laptop .
 This is one of the best wireless remotes I 've ever used . Works very well for presentations . It gives me the freedom to move around without having issues on how far I am from my computer .
 Purchased this product to use with my laptop and power point presentation . Product arrived in a timely manor and preformed as expected .
 I 've been using this remote when giving lectures for a number of years . It 's never let me down . And the range is incredible . It works from wayyyyy across a large room .
 So far , so good ! I 've only used this once so far and had no problems at all working it !
 This product works great . I had lost my last Presentation pointer . No Question I had to buy another just like it .
 Easy to use ! We use Macs but have Power Point presentations we need to run . This was easy to set up and very easy to use .
 This has really helped me with my business presentations , so much better to be able to move around the room and not have to worry about aiming the remote at the USB connection , which is what you often have to do with a wireless mouse . Very cool design as well .
 Easy to use . Much easier to control my presentations . I can keep my full attention on my students the whole time .
 The product works as advertised , like a charm . Delivery was earlier than projected . All around I am very satisfied .
 Have done many presentations with this , and it works flawlessly . The button operation is very subtle so your audience ca n't even see you advancing slides . Laser pointer does n't show up great on all screens , best to bring a backup .
 I am a very avid technology user and science teacher . My students are involved with many professional presentations and I am a lead teacher and mentor for many proffessional teacher groups . My students and I believe this is the easiest preentation tool we have found . It is rock solid . I beieve in Apple computers and this is the only presentation tool that works with Apple products right out of the box . I have purchased three of these gems . Two were used by first year teachers without any training.Best buy in a presentation tool .
 AS usual , Keyspan works fairly well . The presentation remote work well for the price I paid for it . Although I have just received it , it was simple to make ready i.e. drop the battery into the transmitter , slip the receiver into a usb port , pull up a Power Point presentation and begin fiddeling . An hour latter , I could change a slid while aiming behind my back . This is about the third or fourth KeySpan item I have bought and all have work pretty good , not great , but good and they certainly get the job done .
 I think this ledger is awesome because I have more than enough columns for organizing my financial records . Thank you
 So glad that they still make these kinds of things for people who hate looking at computer screens and need to hold things in you hands . Buy it , it 's a pad with lines on it .
 This is a delightful fountain pen The black matte finish is stylish and it fits comfortably in the hand . But as all true pen-lovers know , the point is the point.This point is one of the best . It lays down a beautiful , smooth line with only the lightest touch . This makes it a breeze to write numerals on checks and is a real pleasure to use .
 Satisfied with the pen , however when I loaded the pen with the enclosed cartridge after making sure before ordering that I would receive black ink . What do I get ?? Blue Ink . This may not seem important to the OEM , however to the consumer it may be a big deal . You say , oh no problem , go and buy black ink . But , that 's why I ordered the pen with the black ink !! Next time , when it say 's black ink right on the description , please send it !!! One other issue is the shipping time , why the month out shipping date . I would rather order from somewhere else that does n't take quite as long.Now , as far as the pen , yeah baby , yeah .
 Moleskin journals are the best around - check out their website to see the variety of products they offer . I do daily journaling and the watercolor journal is my favorite , the pages are very thick and can take alot of paint , glue , stamps , ink whatever medium you 're using . I have used just about every medium in my journal and it has never torn or wrinkled . Love it !
 If you like fine things you will appreciate this sketchbook . It just feels good in your hand . Sixty pages with the standard pocket in the back . These books are for a lifetime .
 I just love , love , love books and writing about men in predominately female professions . This mousepad speaks to so many of my interests . Now , if you want me to be honest , both of the male nurses I know are gay . However , one of them said most of their male classmates were straight and macho . I think this mousepad will speak to that demographic . Plus , in that cartoon film `` A Bug 's Life , '' one character yells , `` Just ` cuz I 'm a ladybug does n't mean I 'm a lady ! '' So little kids may like this product . This would be a great product for butch murses everywhere ! Whoever made this cartoon is both hilarious and aware of gender politics in the workplace .
 I bought these fridge magnets to replace the cacophony of commercial advertising flat magnets that I 've collected over the years , as well as some very weak magnets bought from dollar stores.These fridge pins from Hog Wild are pretty good . Each one is strong enough to hold at least 3 sheets of paper down -- although you might want to use two pins if you want to be secure . They are small and minimally obscure the paper being pinned down . All in all , the product does its job well , and they 're stylish as well.I would just like to note that the product description is inaccurate -- each pin does not hold a pound ; my tests show that each pin holds down about 150 -LRB- + / - 50 -RRB- g , or about 5 ounces , or about 1/3 of a pound . It would be nice if the magnets are twice as strong , but it 's not a show-stopping deficiency.Also , I think it would be great if these pins came at a greater quantity or at a lower price . I found myself buying 2 packs -LRB- 16 -RRB- of them , costing $ 10 in total . That 's a good 60 cents per pin , which is a bit of a stretch .
 i love these for putting the kids ' artwork on the fridge . they are small and inconspicuous and can hold 3-5 sheets of paper easily . BUT they are easily knocked off by being close to the fridge . mount the displays high and they will not be brushed off , put them low and the kids or your knees will knock them off and you have to pick up a bunch of papers.i bought more since the magnets are so strong and we use them on many other steel surfaces for notes , etc. .
 These magnets are awesome . I 'm sick of weak magnets on my fridge that are constantly falling off when the door is opened , or unable to hold anything more than a piece of paper . These magnets are strong , sturdy , small enough to not cover up whatever it 's holding , easy to position , and even look cool . I 've got one holding up a fabric patch on my fridge even . I do n't want any other magnets other than these on my fridge . They are a little pricey for magnets , but worth every penny !
 Recieved product very quickly . Same item sold on other websites for more money . It works just as the description says .
 I bought my original batch from ThinkGeek years ago . We always felt we did n't have enough , stacking our coupons 5 deep . So I bought them at Amazon to boost my Super Savings Free Shipping . What I received is exactly the same.The pins are colorful enough to be easy to spot . They are translucent , there are no ugly colors . Remind me of Lite-Brite pegs.I would be concerned if I had kids . They look like candy . Something to keep in mind.They work well and do n't mark our fridge . I just wish there are more in a pack .
 These are fantastic little magnets . They hold at least 10 pieces of paper on our fridge and look nice as well . They hold well , and are really useful !
 Perfect for my job . Would buy more if needed , would recomend . They are stong enough to hold my paper work up . Holds 3 sheets of paper to metal no problem .
 Holy cow ! For such a small magnet they really hold everything up plus some . Also their size is amazingly small so more items fit on the frig like all our kids art . I will definitely buy these again .
 For the money this chair is great . And I found it had better support and a better fit for someone my height -LRB- 6 ' 3 '' -RRB- than a lot of more expensive chairs . As far as putting it together I did n't find it hard at all . The instructions were very clear and to slide the screws in all you have to do is pull the leather back from the screw holes a little and it goes right in . I think the other reviewers made it harder than it should have been .
 It comes with everything you need to put it together . I put mine together in about 15 minutes . I do n't know why people are complaining about assembly since its only 10 screws and pretty much a piece of cake . I guess if you are like 65 years old , in a wheelchair , or completely retarded , it could take a little longer . Overall pretty comfortable , nice support . You have to work it in a little bit to get the leather nice and soft , but after that it 's like heaven . I 'm 6 ' 2 so a high back is a must and this one has more than enough height . Decent for the price . The average person would enjoy .
 A register machine that allow me to control my stock -LRB- until 1200 items -RRB- and receivables , easy to install and use . Share data with my computer and for a realy affordable price . I definitively recomend to a small to medium business store ! The weak point is that no adhere to fiscal rules in Brazil but no other made outside the country adheres too , exept the ones made here . Your use in Brazil is restricted to companies registered to pay govern taxes by estimatives -LRB- `` Simples '' -RRB- . My overall evaluation is such a very good product .
 Pretty darn dependable . We have used one for a couple years and got a second one as a backup . The no-ink has worked great . The hardest part is putting all the data in , but once that is done it is a breeze . For the money you ca n't beat it .
 Decent quality for a decent price . It has held up well so far and the price was competitive to what I could get it local for . It arrived quickly .
 This phone is the best I can hear all of my friendz loud and clear ! It is a cool color it has call waiting so that if I do n't want to talk to someone I do n't have to not answer it wondering who it is.It has a long distance so that you can walk and talk.and it has caller id so if you old or young this phone is the bomb !
 When the phone was delivered it was very exciting for me I have never owned a cordless phone in my life . I really liked walking around the house while I talked.When I first looked at the reviews on the internet one girl said `` the phone is great but there is one problem the instructions never said you had to call your phone company to setup the caller id '' well the girl is wrong . When I had setup my phone I had my brother call the phone 's phone number the caller id worked by itself without the phone company having to come and setup the caller id . So there is nothing wrong with the phone . MY OPINION IS YOU REALLY SHOULD BUY THIS PHONE !
 I love this binder , the material that I wanted it for fit in perfectly . I am thinking of getting another one
 WOW ! For $ 70 , this is a great phone with an awesome answering machine . I was skeptical about VTech at first , being `` brought up '' with Panasonics and Sonys , but I bought this `` Jelly bean '' phone , for its features , and consequentially , its price . Everything works , and this comes with a belt holder , and wall jack , and -LRB- what I really wanted -RRB- , a headset jack in the phone -LRB- the whole reason for the belt holder ... to use it with a headset ! :--RRB- . Everything works , and I will DEFINITELY consider VTech in the future ... I would n't overlook this phone . Color came in consideration , but purple is a great color . The three mailboxes make it easy to distribute messages . One problem
 I 'm in a band , so it 's really nice to have an inexpensive way of printing CD labels . And I think it looks more professional than paper adhesive labels , because you 're printing directly on the disc . How easily the ink scratches off depends on your printing surface ; use CDs with a nice matte finish and the ink will adhere well . I was not disappointed with the print quality ; 300dpi is reasonable for this device . The ability to use True Type fonts and to preview the image is also nice . And while it has simple wizards for novices , I was n't disappointed with the advanced layout features , such as front-to-back ordering and position locking . You could even do color graphics if you split an image into RGB separations and rotated the color ink ribbons . And it 's great that the disc turns automatically to print on both sides . Overall , I think this is a great solution when you consider the costs of various CD printing options .
 I needed a cheaper alternative to getting cds thermal printed through cd duplication houses -LRB- they can charge up to $ 300 per 100 cds -RRB- . After reviewing the Primera Signature Z1 and TEAC P-11 , I came across the Casio , which seemed to have a bit more going for it . From what I 've read , it prints at a higher resolution and the thermal `` sticks '' better to the cd . So based on that , I purchased mine through Amazon and received it yesterday.Hooking it up was very simple and I was printing cds within 5 minutes of taking it out of the box . Text looks very sharp and clean . Even very small 6-8 point font looked sharp and clear . I rubbed my fingers over it several times to see if it would smudge or come loose , but it was secure and did not smear . I did n't try to scratch at it , so I ca n't comment on how durable it is to scratching.Also , another thing I really like about it is that it prints the top and bottom sections of the cd very quickly . It 's much faster than an inkject printer . This is a definite bonus if you are printing off a large number of cds at once as long as you do n't mind that it ca n't do as much detail or as many colors as an inkjet printer.Overall , I 'd highly recommend this to anyone who wants a cheap , professional solution for printing cds that look professionally made -LRB- or even those of you who are tired of those cheap labels that easily become delaminated -RRB- . As a side note
 I 've owned this device for about six months . Out of the box I had it up and running in just a few minutes , no compatability or driver or device location problems , running Win XP , and I 'm not any kind of genius with computers . The printing looks very , very nice with the unbranded Taiyo Yudins I prefer . I also like that it can work positioned either horizontally or vertically . So , basically , the CW-100 works as promised and I 'm happy with it.Minus a star , however , because -LRB- 1 -RRB- the software interface is not as logical and easy to use as it should be when it comes to selecting font size and laying out your text -LRB- 2 -RRB- given that this is a single function device , it 's not a great value at the presently prevailing street prices .
 I 've been looking for a thermal CD/DVD printer for months . There are a couple out there , but they cost big bucks , more than I wanted to spend . I 'm so glad I found this Casio ! It prints amazing quality in thermal -LRB- not inkjet -RRB- ink so it does n't smear or get damaged by moisture easily . It suprised me how fast it prints also . This is a great printer for small print jobs !!
 Do n't listen to these whiners who complain about not finding CDs it will print on . It is a `` thermal '' printer and requires CDs that accept thermal printing -LRB- although I 've found it prints reasonably well on non-thermal surfaces . -RRB- TDK , Memorex , HP , and others make these CDs . You just have to do your research and make sure you buy the right product , and you just ca n't use CDs with a lot of logos and writing on them . Just be reasonable.I 've had the printer for almost six months now and it does a great job .
 If you realize that this is pretty much a simple text labeler , you 'll be pretty happy with this unit . I 've used it for quick black-only labeling of silver surface thermal labeling DVD 's with just simple text so far . The text prints in two 0.75 '' x 2.5 '' blocks and is sharp and easy to read . I have not tried graphics or color -LRB- you have to change cartridges to change colors -RRB- . I usually burn three to five dvd 's of one title at a time . It only takes me a few minutes to type in changes to any one of the label files that I 've previously created and print the new label file to the DVD 's that I 'm going to burn . I appear to be able to print 36 DVD 's before I have to change cartridges -LRB- six weeks of use -RRB- . I bought two three-packs of cartridges with the printer , so it will be a while before I run out -LRB- I figure I 'll have to label 150 or so to get below $ 1.00 per disc factoring in the cost of the printer itself -RRB- . There are times when it would be nice to use a ink-jet printer for fancy pictures on my DVD 's , but then I 'd have to spend a lot more time than I care to in setup and prep . So far , all of my friends and family have been impressed with the simple but clear to read labels I 've made .
 Just a quick review to say that I am happy with its performance . It works as described and it is easy to figure out . Only draw back was that it can only print one color at a time , where I thought I could do multiple colors at once .
 This Casio is n't as full featured as the big boys , for sure . But for down and dirty text only labeling on my DVD 's it works great ! Let 's face it , most of the time you are burning only a couple of discs and need the most basic of labels on the them . Why waste 1000 's on a more complex automated 4 color thermal when it 's not necessary ? Why waste hours and over time 100 's of dollars or more on inkjet?This Casio is great for the smaller jobs that require something clean in presentation . Bye Bye Stickie Labels !
 The Casio CW-100 is a Thermal Transfer printer . No , it does not print well on all surfaces . As a matter of fact , it performs best on `` thermal laquer '' surfaces . Amazon has the best price on this printer . Great prices on Taiyo Yuden disks -LRB- and a lot of info about the particulars of printing surfaces -RRB- can be found at supermediastore.com . It is not the fault of the printer that it does not print well on plain or inkjet surfaces . Inkjet may or may not print on plain surfaces , but prints best on -- you guessed it -- disks with inkjet printing surfaces . Have used this product for over a year . There are limitations on printing surface , but using a silver thermal laquer disk , even a font size of 6 is sharp and clear . If you are looking for a device for professional graphics , you may want to shell out for a low-end professional quality machine . This is not an industrial product , but outstanding for the home user . You may want to download Free and Easy Font Viewer which will show examples of all fonts on your system -LRB- keeps you from so much trial and error in choosing a label font -RRB- . I do have a question , though -- anyone out there know what is the difference in the CW-100 and the CW-100-IH ? I have the CW-100 , but can not find any info on the IH version anywhere , even on the Casio site -LRB- where it is not listed among their products -RRB- . Hope this helps .
 I wanted something to give cd 's we produce for our customers -LRB- in our computer repair business -RRB- a more professional look.It produces text output very cleanly.Graphics output is n't nearly as good , but I did not purchase this to do fancy graphics . If you want to do graphics get a lightscribe device.Carefully following the directions , and making sure the ribbon cartridges had the proper tension , I 've printed in black , green , red and blue without any problems.The software interface is a little awkward , but is workable.All-in-all I 'm very happy with this purchase .
 I like this printer . There a few minor quarks , but it 's fast and the prints come out good . The one thing to watch for is making sure the ink tape cartridge stays tight . If it 's lose it will start making bad prints . It takes less than minute to pull the cartridge out , tighten it and start printing again.I am also using this with the Mac OSX OS . Though the device says it will only work with PC and mentions something about the CASIO CW Utility for use on a Mac , but no where on the Casio site could I find the mentioned Utility . After some searching I cam e accross this :[ ... -RSB- This allows the CW-100 to work fine on a Mac . Though I have never seen the PC software that comes with printer , I have read that this mac version does not have all of the text formating options . This is enough to get around , since you can make a JPG version of your label , put that in the print area and print away . The JPG can be what ever image/text you want . Resolution is great too . I print at 300dpi . All in all , I found this to be a great purchase . I make music and do not have the money to send out to have my CDs done . This print has more than paid for itself by allowing me to make professional looking cds and very little cost . Great the DIYer .
 Printer performs well . Set-up was easy . Software gets the job done fine . A tad greedy on ribbon usage , but replacement ribbons are affordable . So much better than the old sharpie .
 Any product that can enable a technologically challenged person like me to do work worthy of a techno geek has to be a great product . The Casio CW-100-IH CD Label Printer was easy to set-up and after a little bit of practice , I was able to begin printing on my CDs and DVDs . Following others recommendations , I purchased extra ink cartridges so that i wo n't be caught in a lurch . Casio 's lable printer is worlds better than using a magic marker and easier than going the route of the separate label packages you use in your regular printer .
 when my cw-100 arrived i had problems getting it to print . turned out it was defective . i sent it back and the -LRB- new -RRB- replacement is excellent for what i need , which is , simply , to print data on dvd 's and cd 's . it 's quick and , compared to printers , cheaper . do yourself a favor and buy the ribbons bulk . that way they 'll only end up costing about $ 7 each -LRB- there are vendors on ebay that sell in bulk -RRB- . i 've found that i can get over 45 top-only prints on dvd 's and cd 's -LRB- 3 lines at the 2 point size -RRB- . and , you do n't have to get special printer-compatible disks , which will also save money . all in all , a great machine for under $ 125 -LRB- bought it via ebay -RRB- ...
 I 've had this label printer for several months and it has worked great for me . It 's fast , easy , and looks great . I only use Sony or Panasonic DVD-R 's or DVD+R 's and CD 's . It actually looks much better on these media than the printable media . I think it takes me about 20 seconds or so to make a label , if that long , and it 's just very practical . I would recommend black ink if you are doing this professionally .
 I 've printed over 1000 disks with th CW-100 , no big problems except for some ribbon issues . However , Casio does n't seem to have an interest in it working with Vista . Switching to lightscribe until I find a similar printer by a different company .
 Casio CW-100-IH CD Label Printer works very well on PC , I have not been able to get it to work on MAC . It was worth the money . I would recommend this product .
 This has worked great for me . I have only used it on about 6 - 8 disks over the past couple of weeks , but I have had no problem . I thought , from some of the reviews , that it might not work on some of my disks . It has worked on all the three types that I have , including Memorex dual-layer DVDs that have a pattern of little squares all over them . I have not experienced any of the problems that others have found .
 This is really great product for persons who need to label cd/dvd . Not fancy but does an outstanding job of everyday needs . It produces both a top and bottom label with the full range of fonts . If you do n't have a need for graphics this really is a great machine .
 These printers work best on Sony , Fuji , Maxell or TDK blanks . They are a matte silver and the company name and logo doesnt interfere with the work I do . Other discs such as HP have a crazy design which cuts of some of the printing . Matte finsih silver is the key here . I buy 100 packs when they are on sale .
 While this is the first CD printer I 've ever used , it performs flawlessly , and creates a top notch printed lable that will rival that of nearly any I 've seen ... regardless of the price .
 The printer is pretty good - if you have a 32 bit operating system -LRB- Windows -RRB- . I have had mine for a couple of years and it was working just like new until I upgraded to Windows 7 . Casio 's position seem to be that home users do n't use 64 bit O/Ses because they have zero 64 bit driver support for any of the OSes -LRB- XP , Vista & 7 -RRB- . Shame really because the CW-100 is a really good product . ***** Amendment ***** Casio now has 64bit driver support . Hallelujah !! You can find the new drivers on Casio 's support page .
 I 've owned this for about a year . It is reliable and trouble-free . I have gone months without printing a disc and it always comes right up and makes great prints . Things that could be better
 The CD Label printer makes neat and clear labels on CD 's , as needed by me . I suspect that it will also do graphics to some degree but have not tried it yet .
 I bought this phone because I wanted a dependable low priced cordless for use around the house . Many of my friends in college had this phone and I always was impressed with it 's performance . I have n't been disappointed with my phone yet either . The range is impressive and the clarity good . I have n't experienced any of the problems noted by others on this page . The headset is a nice feature too . If you are looking for a great little cordless phone with few bells and whistles I would would n't hesitate to recommend this VTech .
 I love this phone . I 've never had any of the problems that the other reviewers complain about . After letting the phone charge overnight , it was ready to use the nexty day . It sounds great ; it has never cut in and out of a conversation , and I 've never heard it `` echo '' . I love the lighted keypad and the caller ID is very useful . And best of all , it was low cost . I would recommend this phone to my best friend .
 I find this is the answer to my phone needs.The range is incredible ! I accidently took the phone with me when I left the house and more than two blocks away I heard a beep . Looking down at the display , there was an `` out of range '' indication . The thing kept beeping -LRB- should be able to silence this but I could have taken the battery out -RRB- but upon my return , I picked up the phone in aprox . the same location and there was a very clear connection . Again , awesome range more than two blocks from my house.The display indicates Plenty of caller ID information as well as the handy address book -LRB- sorted only by alphabet , to get users to the top , you can use numbers like 01 , 02 , etc. . . Not too much of a nuisance to ME anyway -RRB- Very good audio quality , those I connect to hear me loudly and clearly . I have purposely tried to make it echo by turning up the volume and cupping my hand in front of the mic but to no avail , nope ! This thing performs like a champ and I love it . I have a slight problem with the headset -LRB- AT&T 90800 -RRB- The volume I get from the ear portion of the headset is less than desired , and the mic does n't perform nearly as well as the mic in the handset of the phone itself . A caller told me I was much clearer when I unplugged it . I am thinking about trying the 40 dollar one but am hessitant.Overall , I think the phone is wonderful , I love the spare battery feature as it enables the base unit to opperate in a power failure , and provides a nice fresh one should the portable indicate a weak one . ... The only reason I have n't given this unit a five star rating is because of the headset volume , and that may , or may not actually be the phone 's fault . -LRB- I am hoping it is because of the AT&T headset which is comfortable yet perhaps not effective -RRB- Hope this helps .
 This is actually a great laminator for 8.5 '' width items - it 's really easy to use . It is ready to go as soon as you turn on the power . The built-in cutter is very useful and convenient . It is also easy to change cartridges.I do wish I spent a more money so that I could laminate slightly wider items . I 've had to trim some of my items down to the 8.5 '' width . If it were wider , I would have given this product 5 stars .
 Easy to set up , ran 100 + sheets the same day , fast to laminate . Using two pieces of paper back to back.Only bugs are the slightly sticky finish , and the fact you lose 1 '' of laminate each `` print '' . A couple of tips , you get one more letter size laminate after the red stripe appears . Expect to have a crinkled first laminate on first use , or if the machine has been standing . Refilling cartridges do not seem to do this .
 I purchased this item some time ago and have used it a lot.It is a keeper ! It is easy to use and the cool laminating process works . As an educator and student , I have needed to use this product to laminate various homemade games used in class . So far so good , the games are holding during their frequent usage . I have not used it to laminate business cards yet , so the jury is still out on this process . I think it will do fine .
 This machine does exactly what I need it to do and quickly . Very easy to use . I do n't think I even read the manual . The cartridges have lasted me quite a while and I use the machine fairly often . The magnetic laminate is great for printing pictures on regular paper then laminating with the magnetic stuff to stick on the fridge or hang in the office.The only complaint I have is that finding supplies for it can be difficult .
 Brother 's `` Coollaminator '' is conviently compact in size ; only 14 '' Long and 12 '' wide . Designed with a very stylish grey body and trimmed nicely with a purple document alignment tray and faced paper dock . I found it to be easily moved and transported from room to room , as it only weighs approximately 5 to 7 pounds . I am very pleased with the finished document it produces ! My work is clean , bubble and wrinkle free ! I am very happy with it 's professional output . Brother also supplies a variety of lamination effects to work with its machine . Dual lamination tape , adheasive tape and magnetic backing tape . These different tapes allow me to finnish many of my office needs , but it also sparks many different crafty ideas for my home too . Place mats , holliday decor - ations , bumper and window stickers . The automatic trimmer cuts away excess film with or without a border ! It 's user selectable features allow you to choose how you want your finished document to be trimmed ! I ca n't say enough about the Brother Coollaminator . Thanks , Brother , for another fine product !
 I recently purchased this product for a number of home projects and I have been extremely satisfied . Upon receiving the LX900 , it took me less than 10 minutes to unpack , set-up and begin laminating . I found the instruction manual to be clear and well written in English , not sloppily translated from Chinese . There are n't too many settings on this laminator , so even someone as inept as myself can avoid making mistakes.Two things I absolutely love about this product . First , you can power it on and immediately begin laminating . No waiting for it to warm-up . I use this at home , so it 's not powered on all day like it would be in an office . When I realize I want to laminate something I can literally have it done within 1 minute , and get back to work on my project . Second , I love the auto-cut feature . This laminator does an amazing job of auto-sensing the size of the paper , and cutting the laminate to the desired border size . No painfully sharp edges either ! Note , I 'm only laminating rectangular items -LRB- index cards , 8.5 x 11 -RRB- , so I can not comment on how it handles irregular-shaped items -LRB- circles , children 's artwork , etc. . . -RRB- . The cuts are so good that the discarded laminate just falls off ; you do n't even have to pull on it ! One other thing I 've noticed is that since it does n't use heat , it does n't discolor item 's that may be heat-sensitive . I use label makers that use heat-sensitive labels . Other laminators would be so hot , that it ruined the labels . Not the LX900!All in all , I would highly recommend this laminator for any home user . The only thing I ca n't comment on is whether it 's durable enough for an office , or for laminating odd-shaped items . However , it would n't surprise me if it handled those equally well .
 It set up in less than 5 minutes and I was able to use it immediately . I have been laminating all of my daughters keepsakes so she will have them forever.Its also compact and does n't take up too much room on my desk so I can leave it out and have it accessible at all times.The only con is if you are laminating small cards or photos , it wastes a lot of laminate but I was able to get it to laminate a small business card with ease .
 This laminator is so easy to use . I like the idea of it being a `` cool '' process . There is no warm up time . The cartridges drop in very easily . I 've used all three of the different cartridges and I particularly like the magnetic backed laminate . It works great for signs and large photos . I bought this for my business use , but I 've found lots of personal uses for it too . I 'd recommend this product if you 're in the market for a laminator .
 Except for an occasional lapse in between changing out rolls -LRB- I use two sizes -RRB- which result in my forgetting exactly how to feed the plastic into the machine , I have been very satisfied with this laminator . Works exactly as advertised . I do n't recall seeing any directions specific to using two sheets of paper , but I put in two sheets of paper and laminated a two-sided sheet of paper .
 I was a little skeptical of a `` cool '' laminating machine when I first read about it on Amazon . But , for the price , I decided to try it . I am not skeptical at all now . It works great ! Everybody in our office is impressed , too . I would highly recommend it !
 First of all , the GSP-1700 is one of the most affordable satellite phones on the market . Manufactured by Qualcomm , it has a full fledged address book , location service , and ability to receive SMS messages and short e-mails . The service is only $ 20 a month for unlimited calling from North America to North America , and prices are what you would expect when in or calling to other countries . The overall size of this phone is fairly compact and does n't weigh much more than say an iPhone 4 . It 's definitely much smaller than the older GSP-1600 phone and lighter , too.It supports a data connection via USB through an optional -LRB- but sadly , proprietary -RRB- USB cable . Data rates are acceptable , and the data service is included in the $ 20/month plan . Overall , the accessories are a bit expensive as with Iridium and Thuraya products , but I 'm happy to support Globalstar.So , the catch to a cheap phone and unbelievably cheap service ? Globalstar 's first generation satellites have begun to fail and Globalstar is around half way complete in launching the second generation system . For most people in North America , this means a typical call time is about an average of 15 minutes , with the maximum being 45 minutes -LRB- or sometimes longer in some cases -RRB- before the call is dropped . Once the launches are complete , the service will return to the same great reliability they were known for in the late nineties . As my dealer put it , Globalstar is looking to become `` the WalMart of satellite communications . '' Service area is most of the world with the exception of southern Africa and the poles.Service quality , when connected , is amazing . There is no detectable lag or delay as Globalstar uses a bent pipe system , in that what gets sent to the satellite gets routed to a ground station without going through additional satellites . The call quality is compressed minimally , and to me sounds far better than a cell phone and just as good as most landlines!I highly reccomend investing in both a GSP-1700 now -LRB- they come in three colors ! -RRB- and a 1-year service contract . I suspect that the price will remain at or around $ 20 , but would n't be surprised as the reliability increases that the price will too . So grab a year of service now and lock in this amazing deal . This is a priceless and valuable tool to have if you travel out of the range of cell service . In the case of a natural disaster , this will continue to function beautifully even after cell phone towers are jammed , destroyed , or turned off such as in the case of Hurricane Katrina .
 UPDATE
 GREAT BACKUP TO CELLPHONE SERVICE IF YOU LIVE IN OR TRAVEL TO AREAS WITH NO SIGNAL STRENGTH FOE YOUR CELL.GETTING SERVICE WAS AN ADVENTURE BUT CAN BE DONE IF YOU KEEP TRYING.HINT
 This phone is great , all except for one thing . when i purchased the phone i did n't see where it said you had to call your phone company and subscribe to get caller ID so you end up having to pay more money to actually use all the features on this phone . other than that it 's great .
 These are excellent post-it notes . We use them all the time for tracking projects and brainstorming at work . The colors are good for sorting/grouping , and the larger size means you can get a decent amount of information or large writing on them . I buy a pack every once in a while , and they quickly disappear as teams grab them.And yes , they are actually more sticky than regular post-its . If you use post-it notes for organizing or brainstorming , these are worth it .
 I use a lot of stickies for work . I only get the &#34; super &#34; sticky , cause they need to stay stuck . I am also a color , color , color , person , & the colors are great .
 Love them
 We love the bright colors ... the adhesive is great as we use them on walls , etc. and they work perfectly for our team boards as well .
 These super sticky post-its have been my notepad of choice for home and office for many years now . They are so sticky , in fact , that I remove the last sheet and hang them on the paneling on the back of my desk at home ! Keeps them out of the way , but still easy to get to and use.I like that these are large enough that you can actually write a small paragraph to someone , and also come in handy for grocery lists , reminders , phone call notes , doodle pads , and the like . Not super expensive , durable , and a well made product - 5 stars !
 Bought it for its looks
 This phone is unbelivable . i love it , it has clear calls and you cant hear any interfearence . i rec . for teens since im one and i spend hours on the phone this is great . the only thing i did not like was that there was no hold or mute button .
 Sure makes cleanup a breeze.Easy to hold and mix epoxy or body filler on.Just wish it was refillable .
 I first bought this product at my local paint supplier about two years ago when I was doing a lot of restoration work on classics . I picked it up on a whim , tired of using cardboard or pieces of sheetmetal to mix my filler on . At first glance , I though the board would be too small , but in reality no one ever needs to mix a huge amount of filler at one time anyway . You mix your filler , apply , tear the top sheet off , and throw it away . My first board lasted about two months with very heavy use . I would recommend this product to anyone doing bodywork , -LRB- Hobby , or professional -RRB-
 Given that the best pencils are expensive and Rose art and Crayola do n't last past one or two sharpenings , these are great , sharpen well , color well and last until they are tiny enough to throw away !
 I may have to get another set for myself ! We used them on &#34; coloring night &#34; ; I thought the colors were vibrant and smooth .
 There are more reviews posted under the 12-color set.I purchased several sets of 24 after reading those reviews , as they are affordableChristmas gifts , along with the great coloring books sold by Amazon.Last Christmas my older granddaughters IMMEDIATELY began to color . The 20ishgranddaughters-in-law commented to them how relaxing it was when , several weekslater , they were coloring together . This year they will also receive sets.A problem mentioned in reviews was that several color-sticks slid out the back , so ... I took my daughter 's nail polish and painted each top , placing them in awater glass to dry without smearing . A second painting gave a nice finish.This should keep the stick from sliding out either end due to the vacuumeffect.Among the colors in the 24 are silver & gold ; very nice selection .
 This is a great price and value . This seems like you only get one pack , but you acutally get many packs!Great deal on the super sticky
 Super Sticky PostItNotes are super sticky , but they do not seem to be super sticky more than once.I use PostItNotes for outlining and project management , and I need to place , remove , place , and remove my PostItNotes over and over . I just do n't feel that these will work as well as my regular PostItNotes . ----- BUT ----- They will stick and do stick to the un-ordinary better than the regulars !!!
 Love the colors ... Love that they are super sticky ... Love that Amazon Prime is so awesome !!!! What 's not to love ???
 After years of declining stickiness of the normal Post-Its , I decided to try the Super Sticky version . Well , they definitely are sticky ! Almost too sticky . Sometimes after a week or so , if one has been stuck to a piece of lined writing paper for example , it will actually tear the paper when I try to remove the Super Sticky . But I wanted them to be sticky , so better too sticky than the &#34; fall off &#34; regular Post-Its . I wish 3M would make a &#34; Medium Sticky &#34; Post-It , LOL .
 Big sleeve of super sticky pads excellent for an office supply cabinet . All other clones have very anemic adhesive on the back , which falls off the Scrum wall like it 's autumn . Not these !
 I was recently brought into the Moleskine craze by a ton of the leaders at my former church , before I left California.I now love Moleskine journals!I got this one because I wanted to be a little bit different . In high school and undergrad , I did a lot of Journalism , so I thought `` hey ! reporters notebook ! fun ! `` Which was mostly accurate . Sometimes it was challenging writing on the go - my hand would fall off the edge and my penmanship got scrappy . But such is life . Also , writing on the top half of the fold was a bit challenging when I first got it . Now that it 's worn it , it is definitely a lot easier.Ultimately , I love that this journal moved out to Oklahoma with me , survived a trip to and through London and still looks as sleek and sexy as it was the day I got it !
 This is the perfect size and price for a small journal to carry anywhere I go . I have to control myself not to order cases of them .
 The evolution of a note taker1 -RRB- Started with paper - A 3X5 card and a pen . Worked just great2 -RRB- Moved to a Day Time - The smallest size , with a pen . Worked great but could n't always fit `` everything '' on it .3 -RRB- Moved to Franklin Day Timer - Enjoyed it but worried that I was n't going to amount to much as I never filled most of the blank spaces in .4 -RRB- Moved to the Biggest Franklin Day Timer - Loved it , but there was more room that I could n't fill . Plus , it was really heavy5 -RRB- Palm Pilot - Electronic Franklin Day Timer - Looked cool , worked fine .6 -RRB- iPhone - loved it , but the screen was so small - As I got older print got smaller7 -RRB- iPad - This may be the answer ... but it is hard to tap , tap , tap stuff into it . Yes , I have the bluetooth keyboard , but how high is the dork factor there ? 8 -RRB- Moleskine - Back to paper . Reporter style so I can just flip it up and go . If it gets into that notebook , it 's going to happen . After 18 years , paper wins .
 I loved my little moleskine notebook , but I really love this larger size . I wish the top would flip back however . It does not .
 I ca n't say with any certainty where Moleskines are made but mine say inside the front cover they are made in Italy . I write daily and have n't found anything to equal their quality although i 've looked . Most everything else either bleeds through , has wax on the paper so the pen skips , binding comes apart , binding if sewn is n't sewn straight , paper type varies , journal varies in quality from one to the next , or the design does n't meet my needs . I use the large ruled reporter and find it ideal in every respect for its intended purpose.My only criticism is their price . They seem dreadfully expensive for my meager writer 's income . Even a 30 % reduction off the street price would be a help . I 'd happily purchase a less expensive but equal journal but so far i 've not found one . So i quit drinking sodas and use the consequent saving to purchase Moleskines . My health and writing are the beneficiaries.JohnP
 I orignally purchased my first Moleskine notebook in an effort to get rid of the numerous sticky notes populating my purse . I 'm an Image Consultant , and it is not only bad for my image , but for my organization to have to dig through ` confetti ' every time I open my bag ! It really worked ! The paper is smooth and my pens flow wonderfully across the pages . The convenient size fits neatly into my purse , and I always have the notepaper with me . The tear-out sheets in the back are convenient for giving notes to others , and I 've purchased quite a few Moleskines since my first one . I 've even bought them for my 16-year old daughter , who loves them as well .
 Sturdy construction . Easy to remove a section of pages if you decide you want to dedicate the journal to another purpose . And the wonderful , sturdy pocket in the back . I buy lots of these things .
 This is a great piece of work
 I 've used these for several years and just love them . Since I use fountain pens , I need a journal that has high-quality paper that will work well with the pens . These just fit the bill.I especially like these because I 'm used to reporter notebooks , having used them for years as a newspaper person . I use both the large and the small ones . I decorate each one to suit my mood at the time and file them away before starting a new one.You can use them for all sorts of things . I use mine for my thoughts and ideas and business notes . I like ruled notebooks because my handwriting is not great and I like to have the lines.These are well made and fun to use . Highly recommended .
 There 's something that just feels right about holding this type of notebook . They are excellently bound , have tons of paper of great quality and the bookmark and pocket are surprisingly useful ! The only reason I gave it a 4 is because I bought a couple of Piccadilly moleskine knockoffs from Borders . For $ 5 a pop , I got the exact same thing -LRB- except I got standard , not reporter style -RRB- and the paper is a little bit thicker which is great for my fountain pens!I am very glad that Moleskine brought such notebooks back into popularity because they are truly a gem !
 At 240 pages this is just the right size to slip into purse , backpack , briefcase ... Moleskine has a long tradition and the paper is a joy to write on ... For those who write for a living like I do the least amount of &#34; drag &#34; by the pen on paper makes for fewer hand cramps . I use a BIC Velocity ink pen and the combination between pen and paper makes for an easy &#34; write &#34; experience.Having been a newspaper reporter for 45 years I love it when I find a reliable product that starts out plain and simple and can be adapted for a variety of uses.This is it.I prefer the reporter style with the flip top for my TO DO list that accompanies my daily planner . If something does not make it into this TO DO list ... well , it just does not get done . I have tried numerous other &#34; TO DO &#34; items from ring binders to high-tech handhelds ... NONE have worked as well as plain old paper and pen.For short-term projects , I simply place a Post-It note sticky tab at the back of the note book and keep all the notes together there ... once the project is done I remove the pages and put them into a more permanent binder/folder . I also take it with me as a satellite to my planner for note taking at meetings --
 Needed a large reporter notebook for work . This item exceeds my expectations . It looks very professional . The paper is high quality and does not smear when I use a gel pen . This is my 3rd Moleskine product . I highly recommend spending the extra money , the quality is worth it .
 These brochures make it very easy for me to create new brochures on the fly when I need to . They work well in my Brother Inkjet and love the pre-scoring that mades folding easy . The matte white is clean and crispt and holds the ink well . Also like that weight - not too thin , not too thick .
 I bought these for Christmas cards . After test printing on plain paper I printed on these brochure/flyer papers . The colors printed so much better and they turned out beautifully . They did n't look pre scored but they were and folded very easily . Will probably use again next year .
 I have not used any other brochure paper , so I ca n't compare this to other brands . It comes with 100 sheets plus 100 printable adhesive seals . The paper was definitely heavy enough for me . I even compared it to other brochures I had from misc companies and it felt just as thick , if not more so . It is clearly scored with an obvious front and back for foolproof folding . It comes with a formatting and printing tips sheet that includes ways to receive microsoft templates by mail and download , both blank and pre-designed . The Avery site provides a few pre-designed templates , but most helpful is the Designpro software that takes you step-by-step through the process of designing your own template -LRB- with free-clipart pictures , backgrounds and borders -RRB- . It printed perfectly in my printer -LRB- although I only do one sheet at a time -RRB- . The colors were sharp , the pictures were crisp - all in all , the brochures came out better than I expected . For the price , this was perfect . They look great and were simple to create . I will definitely buy these again in the future .
 This is a very large planner book and I love it ! Weeks are laid out on a two page spread with Monday - Friday listed vertically and 6 boxes for subjects going across horizontally . There is a lot of space for writing and additional space on each weekly lay out for notes ! As a homeschooling mother , I found this planner to be just what I needed !
 After years of trying different weekly planners , I 've finally found one that I 'll stick with . It 's over-sized so there 's plenty of room , and it has pockets to keep all the various papers and memos that usually fall out.Each week there 's various classroom teacher tips , some of which are really excellent .
 Every year I try a different plan book . The past scholastic plan books have n't been so great , but I think they finally figured it out with this one . I really like the pockets and the page size . The classroom tips are also fun and helpful
 I had a great planner that came as a promotion with a retirement company . Once that ran out , I had the hardest time finding a replacement . Most planners have spaces that are too small to write any meaningful material . The Scholastic Teacher Plan Book Updated is extra large so that the boxes give you plenty of room for detailed lesson plans . There is also room on the sides for extra notes , and more importantly , reflection notes . Of all the planners I looked at , this one is definitely the best !
 I searched a long while for a great planner and this had all the features I wanted
 The plan book is just the right size for my needs . I plan for 4 different curricular areas and I have plenty of room to write . It is large so for teachers with limited space it might not be the best choice .
 There are lots of big squares to write in and plenty of space . I do n't find that the teaching ideas add a lot to this lesson plan book . However , there is plenty of space to write both n the squares and out of the squares . There is a short set of lines on the Right hand page of every two page spread that provides an extra place for notes . Well done .
 The purpose of a planner is to write down your plans , right?This one has the space in which to do so . In a classroom with parent aides and groups working on different things , it 's invaluable.LOVE the pockets in the front and back covers . -LRB- My one wish would be for Scholastic to ` plasticize ' those covers , so they last out the school year . -RRB- Some people think the size is a problem , but look at it another way - it 's almost impossible to lose ! Jenny
 As an Ed Tech teacher in an elementary building I see app . 500 students a week . With this planner I have all the space I need . At a glance I can see what I need and it makes following my schedule easy for substitute teachers . I like the spiral binding that makes the planner lie flat . I will be reordering this planner again .
 I have been a teacher for over 25 years and I must tell you that this is the best Teacher Plan Book I have ever used . This year I am in an administrative position but I still purchased this book to keep organized . Its user friendly , has large boxes to plot my day . Its terrific!Robin ShopeThe Candidate
 I homeschool my son and this is the second year that I have used this lesson plan book . It has plenty of room for me to write the daily assignments for multiple subjects .
 I 've used this plan book for two years now . The planning boxes are the biggest I 've seen , and the storage pockets are handy . I ignore the tips , but you might like them .
 This is the planner I wanted ! I have seen TONS of them and nothing seemed to fit what I wanted . This is the one !!
 My niece was becoming a new teacher . I bought this planning book for her and she loved it . She has told me it is very useful in day to day activities .
 This planner is my go-to for my classroom ! Easy to read seating charts , student information charts , additional graphs included ... love it !
 I 've purchased this plan book 3 years in a row . It has plenty of room for your plans and also offers cute activities for each week . The book is much cheaper on amazon than at the parent/teacher store .
 This plan book is wide , has pockets , suggestions , sub plan pages , everything you need in one place to get your plans in order -- while forgetting no absences , no bus notes , nothing ! Entirely worth the price . I would n't start second grade without it .
 I used this planner last year , and it was fantastic ! So I knew I could n't go wrong by getting it again . It is a great way to keep me organized and keep my kids on track with their school work .
 I have used this lesson plan book for the past few years . I order a new version every year . I love the oversized boxes for each section . As a special education teacher who teaches many different classes , I love the extra room to add different notes for each of my students .
 I love this planbook . So much room to write in ... I will definitely purchase this again .
 I 've used this remote mouse for about 5 years and had no problems . First , I used it in a high school classroom for about three years . The thumb pad/directional thing took a few days to get accustomed to but otherwise it was easy to use . Now , I use it in a college classroom and again have had zero problems . I hate that some of the others reviewing this product have had issues . I 've recommended it to multiple teachers with no complaints . Some others teachers in my school purchased a cheaper and smaller remote mouse -LRB- around $ 60 -RRB- but they ALL hated it -LRB- the thumb pad/directional part was too stiff and hard to use -RRB- and opted for this one instead.Mac users - you 're out of luck ! There does n't appear to be any software to go with a MAC .
 I have owned two of these remotes -LRB- had to give one to a friend -RRB- and they are super awesome ! I ca n't think of one bad thing to say or even an improvement of the remote . You should buy it , you wo n't be disappointed.Oh , I did think of one thing , sometimes it seems you have to push the clicker two or three times in the beginning of the presentation to kind of get it started , but after that , it is very responsive and fine for the rest of the presentation.Great remote and definitely recommend purchasing .
 We have one of these in a Training Room and it has worked so well we bought another to pack with a laptop and portable projector . The software shipped with the remote allows you to customize the buttons and provides several clever as well as practical effects . Though I 've not had much experience with other remotes , this one does everything we need it to plus more .
 I use this remote mouse everyday in my classroom , and it works great . I 've never had a problem with it . There are smaller ones that cost around $ 69 but the other teachers at our school do not like them as well because the thumb pad -LRB- for moving the mouse pointer -RRB- is harder to use . This one by Interlink is much easier . I 've used it for four or five years and ca n't remember changing the batteries . The keyboard option is nice but I found that I do n't use it as much as I thought I would . It also has the mouse controlers on the top corners , which is helpful . The only issue we 've had with the mouse is when two teachers next door have this same mouse . The mouse has such a long range it tries to control the computers in both rooms . I 'm sure there is a way to change the channel so we 're looking into that .
 I support a school where we use these remotes in 60 classrooms and I am now taking over another school that does not use this remote . I will be replacing all the remotes at the new school over the next year with these . They work well , allow for easy programming to minimize interference . The extra software is n't needed if all you do is use it for a mouse , works on WinXP right out of the box.The remote is larger than others I have used , but the durability out does everything in its price range . In the last 3 months I have had 6 cheaper remotes fail due to being dropped or failing to connect . I will not buy cheap remotes when this one is only $ 20 more and lasts twice as long.If you need a basic remote mouse for a classroom , you wo n't find anything better for the price.Range is excellent , function consistent , durability to last.Later
 I purchased the Interlink Electronics VP4810 on August 22 , 2007 and have been using it through the USB connection to a computer using Windows XP as the OS . I had used this product for a number of years at one institution that supplied the units but moved to another institution that did not . I was not happy at all with the wireless mouse the institution supplied and which was the only tool I could use to advance slides when away from the computer desk , so I purchased my own VP4810 and use it as a portable unit . I have had absolutely no trouble with it -LRB- I downloaded the software from Interlink 's website rather than use the disc that came with the unit so I could , hopefully , get the most recent software version -RRB- . I admit I use it only as a two-button mouse and do not , as yet , use all the other features that come with the software . I appreciate the freedom the unit gives me in making presentations and the laser pointer feature is also very handy .
 As a new user I 'm finding this a very comfortable remote to use . My husband 's used it at work for several months now and loves it . We ordered ous from amazon and just got it hooked up on our computer at home today and I 'm having no problems getting used to it . Overall , a very good product so far .
 I have used this remote for well over a year in a high school classroom and have had absolutely no problem with it . I suspect the reviewer above had some sort of software conflict , but it must be with another third-party program . The controls can be a little touchy , but that is more an issue of the toggle-pad mouse control than any software issue . I use it to navigate presentations and sites I am show in my classroom and for that it does great.I have also suggested that this remote -LRB- and keyboard -RRB- should be on my school district 's list of readily available items for rooms equipped with presentation stations .
 I bought the QX50 to help me get my files more clearly organized , and things like CD cases more neatly labeled . The print size is variable , and I 've been able to print a wide range of sizes of type -LRB- prior reviewer said he was unable to print larger than 1/8 '' - he should reread the instructions -RRB- . I love the fact that not everything needs to be in all caps , and I can print on two lines . The adhesive on the labels seems to be excellent so far , and I really could n't be happier with my purchase !
 I have always wanted an electronic label maker , so I finally ended up buying the QX50 . It has a lot of features that make it nice . It has four different print sizes - the first three are 1/8 '' height , in varying widths , and the large mode is 3/16 '' height . It has a two line mode , which shrinks the type so that both lines occupy 3/16 '' height , combined . It is capable of printing in various type styles , including reversed , which is very handy when using the clear tape which is available . The metallic tape is useful for outdoor applications , and the plastic tape is very versatile . The paper tape is more economical , and handy for labeling folders , etc. . I have used this label maker for everything from labeling my mailbox , to video tapes , electrical plugs underneath our aquarium , cable lines coming into our splitter/amplifier , etc. .
 I own two of these QX50 label makers . I love everything about them except for the quality of the label tape . I got spoiled by Brother 's TZ tape which is awesome . Dymo 's tape is easier to work with -LRB- peels easily -RRB- , but it is nowhere near as tough . * Example # 1
 Folks , I did an obsessive amount of research comparing Brother , Casio and Dymo lablemakers for run-of-the-mill household labeling and the QX50 was the one I choose . So far it has been absolutely fine .
 My sister bought this model for her home business . I used it when I was helping her get organized and never had a problem with it . I 'm ordered it for myself as well and also did a ton of research online . It 's a great starter model with good prices on refill labels . I highly recommend it .
 I bought this labelmaker mainly to organize my folders based on David Allen 's GTD system.The device itself is very simple and does what I want it to -- print labels . The primary advantage of this particular model over , say , the Brother models , is the labels that it uses . Overall , it 's very hard to find non-plastic Brother labels . While they look nice , they cost an arm and a leg . Also , many other brand label are hard to peel . On this one , as long as you figure out the trick of slightly bending it down the middle -LRB- lengthwise -RRB- , it 's very quick and easy to remove the backing.Oh , and its label cutter also works pretty well and actually slices through the labels -LRB- looking at you , low-end Brother models -RRB- . Overall , most labelmakers , unless you 're looking for something very specialized , will work at least in terms of its printing . The advantage of this one is its cheaper labels and hassle free handling of them .
 DOES N'T CONFORM TO SILVER APLIANCE AESTHETC BUT WORKS FINE . SLIGHT PROBLEM , MUCH LIKE A CAN OPENER IT EITHER WORKS OR IT DOES N'T . DOES NOT REQUIRE HAND STRENGTH LARGER KEYPAD THAN OTHER SMALL APLIANCES . MOTHER SATISFIED
 i use this ruler with my craft knife and its great . the ruler does not slide around like alot of them do . and you cant knick it up like the plastic rulers . i have alot of rulers and use them for different things . i really like this one . it is also nice and light .
 Product arrived in the condition and of a quality that I expected . I love the cork backing and stability of the stainless steel .
 Very pleased with purchase . I needed a metal ruler for scoring , and this fit the bill perfectly . Not too thick , so I am able to see exactly where I am . Non-slip cork base is a definite plus !
 The trigger is hard to press . And I need to know where to buy the glue sticks .
 After using so many inexpensive ones from discount houses and craft houses , this glue gun is a real treat . Give it a try !
 I am very pleased with the glue gun . It has very little dripping , when resting . My old one wasted a lot of glue sticks from the dripping .
 Over the years I 've had several glue guns , from the $ 4.99 ones to larger $ 15 models , but none of them come close to what the Dremel has to offer .1 -RRB- It feels sturdy and has a nice flat surface below the cord to keep it upright plus a one-finger release of the stand on the front2 -RRB- It has 2 temperature settings . I can see `` low '' being handy for arts and crafts , but for a good bond on plastic `` high '' is perfect . Once glued the sticks are really well bonded , unlike some of the cheaper models3 -RRB- Several glue tips are included , for different styles of work4 -RRB- A nice large trigger makes pushing the sticks through easy workSome minor cons ; the `` anti drip '' feature does n't really work , you 'll still get some dripping so make sure the tip is over something to catch the glue . On `` high '' it takes around 6 minutes to heat up , which is pretty long , but like I said before ; hot glue bonds better.All in all a very nice kit for a low price , save yourself the hassle of a bad glue gun and get this one . It 'll last for years .
 I frequently use glue guns in my work and searched and searched for one that was well designed - my search is over now that I have found the Dremel . This was obviously user-designed . The features I was looking for were :1 -RRB- Stability - most glue guns have wimpy wire stands and easily tip over . The Dremel has a large , flat ` heel ' and large plastic ` kick-stand ' that keep the gun from tipping over . The stand locks into position against the body of the gun when not in use and is easily released with a push of a button . Also , the cord is well located and very flexible which contributes to the stability .2 -RRB- Drip-less - As others have mentioned , it is not 100 % drip-less , but mine has very minimal dripping - less than others I 've used . Also , it 's important to read the instructions . The drip-less feature is only activated when the stand is in the down position . If you lay the gun on it 's side with the stand up it will drip a lot - you have to put the stand down to decrease the flow of glue .3 -RRB- On/Off switch - This is the only glue gun I 've found that has an on/off switch . It is nice not to have to pull the plug between uses .4 -RRB- Indicator lights . This is a nice touch.Even though this is not a mini glue gun , it is light weight and very trim , making it very comfortable to handle . Plus there are three tips for different applications and they are very easy to change.Oh ... did I mention the price ? I would have paid twice the amount for the quality this product offers - but happy I did n't have to!Thanks Dremel for putting so much thought into the design of this glue gun !
 I bought 2 of these on Amazon . This is the best glue gun ever made . Used every day for a year and still working fine . Buy this product , You will not go wrong . ALL glue guns drip a little . Heat melts glue , I get it . Less than $ 25 with FREE shipping . How can you go wrong . Take care , Gary
 I was skeptical that this item would meet my needs . Dremel is known for it 's rotary micro tools , so after some research into the best one for my needs , I 'm glad I got it . It heats up quick , you can visually know it is ready by it 's indicator lights . Dual temp . is a must and it works well on this model . I like the retractible stand which is spring loaded . All glue guns drip a little , and this is no exception . However it has the best performance out of any I have used in the past . Dremel - 5 stars for a well done product !!!!!
 This glue gun works very well and I am quite happy with it having used it for several projects now . It takes a little time to warm up to the point where it `` says '' it is ready with it 's status lights , but keeps going til the project is done after warming up . I am happy with all aspects of this item except the anti-drip feature . Although it does drip considerably less than other glue guns I have used in the past , it is still going to drip some , so keep that in mind and watch where you put it down .
 I use this product for minor `` around the house '' things and it does just fine . I have had no problems with it and would buy it again in a second .
 It drips . Put something under it before you turn it on and use it until it 's cooled off unless you do n't mind hot glue on surfaces you ca n't or would n't easily throw away . That did n't make or break the product for me , but it has to be said because their description is misleading , to say the least.It comes with different nozzles , has two heat settings , stands on it 's own fine and the kickstand works well . A built in on switch so it does n't have to be unplugged to shut if off is nice . It 's got a work light , but I think it would have been better to position it over the glue coming out , rather than below it , unless you work with the side of the gun facing you . A red and green light tell you when the temp is optimal . Overall , I 'm happy with the product .
 Despite what many of the negative reviews here say ... the no-drip tip works just fine ! It drips a tiny bit , just one glob the size of a BB . That 's fine by me , and if you 're patient you can usually get that tiny drip onto what you 're working on , anyway . It heats up very quickly -LRB- a minute or two -RRB- , and the light is useful -LRB- though it is odd that it is underneath , not on top , of the tip -RRB- . All in all it 's a very simple and effective product .
 The interface to PowerPoint is seamless and excellent . I especially like the `` 6 o'clock '' button that blanks the screen -LRB- the `` b '' key on the keyboard -- did you know that feature of PowerPoint ?? -RRB- . There are billions of ways you can configure it , but it works great out of the box . The buttons it has are quite useful!The laser is rather weak . If you have a white background , the audience can not see it . The laser is well collimated , so it makes no difference if you are 1 foot from the screen or 30 . The flash memory key is a good idea on paper , but our group has only been hampered by it
 Easy to use , responsive . Perfect for presentations . It probably does far more than I know about yet .
 I purchased this item about a year and a half ago after watching a presentation where the trainer had an older version of this model . I love this presenter - I am a computer software trainer , and am not just going through PowerPoint presentations , but am actually navigating using this device . Getting used to the thumb-button to navigate the mouse takes a little getting used to , but typically performs better than other remote mouse-s I 've used in the past . The greatest feature of this is the additional software that comes with it - you can configure any of the buttons to do a number of different tasks and save those configurations . The two I use most often are the countdown timer -LRB- 15 minute break , do n't be late ! -RRB- and the zoom feature . Resolution for monitors and projectors being what it is , participants have a hard time seeing tiny icons or code typed on the screen when actually using a program - the zoom feature is AWESOME and works better than zoom features that typically come with projectors .
 I bought this device to be used as a simple Powerpoint remote presenter but I very quickly found out it can do a lot more . The flexibility of configurations made it easy for me to have more than one presentation stored in the receiver for different congregations and church services .
 Could n't be happier.Size is perfect for what I do and love the laser pointer.Works great and batteries last forever .
 We have used this product with other remotes and like all the features . It is very easy to use and packs well in the travel bag . Great product .
 This presenter is preferred in my company because it is absolutely dead simple . Forward , back , blank , etc. . It also requires no software install so it can be easily moved and plugged in to any computer without IT assistance . We do not use the laser functionality at all , so there are no complaints mirroring those here .
 This product is great for PowerPoint presentations . I will never leave home without it and I bring it to all my presentations . The only thing I do n't like is the limited amount of space it holds on the thumb drive .
 The pointer has great functions.The memory stick has only 32Mb -LRB- that is too smal , sufficient only for a few presentations -RRB- . The pointer is bigger that I imagined , but anyway it works properly and with a good handling .
 AWESOME PRODUCT , WE HAVE 3 OF THEM NOW FOR OUR CONFERENCE ROOMS AND LAPTOPS FOR OUR HOSPITAL PRESENTATIONS/CONFERENCES !
 This handy little tool is perfect and heats up fast . It comes with a few gluesticks that will get used in a hurry - so order more . The cord is long enough so extension cords are not needed . It also comes with a two other tips to change out the flow of the glue . There is also a rubber tip guard to help prevent finger burns . Not your everyday glue gun .
 I bought this new and have to admit I was a little scared to use a glue gun because of all the talk on how easy it is to get burned and also make a mess of things . I found this gun easy to handle and manuver without getting burned or getting glue on anything but where I wanted it . I made a beautiful cinnamon tree using the dremel 1200-02 gun . I also like the built in stand so when I was not using it I could place the tip over a piece of paper to catch any glue that may drip out . BUT , nothing dripped how great was that ! I love having the case to keep everything together so when I need it everything is easy to find . Okay , I 'm a woman so let me say this one thing that I need to say , `` it 's so pretty too '' okay I got that off my chest , but I do like using tools that are nice to look at . Anyway , have no doubts here this is a great tool .
 My wife is active in crafts & has gone through numerous glue guns ... this is the best ever , solid , the light is great . . a quality tool
 This glue gun works as advertised . I would recommend it .
 I have purchased many glue guns in the past . They either do n't get hot anymore or they take some odd glue stick size . This one is amazing !!! I have had if for over a year now and it has yet to fail us in our tasks !! You will not be disappointed . The case is nice to store it and any extra glue sticks . It 's great to have everything in one place !!!
 YO TRABAJO CON MANUALIDADES Y TODAS LAS PISTOLAS QUE HE UTILIZADO ESTA , ES LA IDEAL , POR SU COMODIDAD , CALIDAD Y VARIO USOS , ADICIONALMENTE MEGUSTA PORQUE TRAE LUZ PARA INDICAR TEMPERATURAS BAJA O ALTA , Y APAGADO ENCENDIDO , Y UNA LUZ DIFERENTE PARA VISUALIZAR BIEN DODE SE APLICAR&Aacute; EL SILICON ... FANTASTICA . . SE LAS RECOMIENDO ...
 This is a nice little unit . I especially like the bag to keep everything neat and orderly during storage .
 Best glue gun I have ever had and that 's coming from someone who has had several others . It is versitable and has a great storage bag with it .
 I purchased this product to use as my office phone with Skype while I work at home with my baby . I was worried that such a cheap phone would not work well , especially with a wireless connection . But I have had absolutely no problems . There is a relatively lengthly cord attached to the phone , & it 's more comfortable to hold then my cell phone . Nice display . The only complaints I have with it is the Skype interface/settings , but that is n't the phones fault . I do wish some of the phone settings themselves were easier to discern by the graphics . I 'll have to look at the manual to figure them out . All in all a good phone , especially for the price .
 At first I had some problems installing the software on my 1st computer . I am running Windows XP Home SP3 . Because of a Windows update , the autorun feature on my computer is turned off . I went to My Computer and double clicked on the CD . No problem after that . The phone comes with 10 different ringtones but only 5 different sounds . 1 sound is either loud or soft . It has a long cord attached to the phone about 6 foot in length . The sound quality is very good . I would recommend this to my friends .
 This is a great phone that can be used with any computers & laptops without having to install the softwear
 I use it for MSN Messenger and about every third time I use it , the phone crashes my PC . The MS message is `` driver issues . '' Tried updating phone driver , but did n't fix the problem . Phone does work though and you ca n't beat free PC to PC calls anywhere in the world .
 Changed my mind about SKYPE . I love it ! The SKYPE service center does respond quickly . They may be closed over the weekends . That may explain why I did not get a response the next day . I think this VOIP is taking off faster than expected and they were backed up on the staff . I was over charged for some reason , but they reimbursed the overcharges . They settled my complaints and questions to my satisfaction . When I purchased the phone , I knew nothing at all about SKYPE or if could even get it . So I purchased the cheapest phone I could just to see if I could use it . I do not live in a metro area with the latest technology-sometimes things takes a year , OR TEN , OR TWENTY before it hits Lafayette LA.Here is one thing I found out . If anyone is having trouble with the other person hearing or breaking up , plug it into a different USB . I thought all USB 's were the same.Software is incredibly easy and fast.I am very happy with Amazons service and selections on items unavailable in stores . I do not like the hassle looking for parking place , store moving things around from the last time I spent 30 minutes looking , being followed by store managers and clerks , asking if you need help when the clerk needs help finding out where everything is herself-Amazon is resolving that problem . Amazon , you are changing the way people are shopping.I would like to see Amazon put all items on the prime membership agreement .
 This is the perfect answer for the small kitchen with not enough counter space . I love it . It makes for a perfect place to eat and read the paper , prepare food , fold laundry and put your groceries when you come in . It fits right in the middle of my small kitchen.Perfect size and great quality . A bit tricky to put together and costly to ship , but I have no regrets .
 This is a great set for a small space . It was delivered promptly and easy to assemble . The only problem I actually had with this was the loose bolts inside the box , I lost one of the bolts because it fell out of the box . Be careful when opening after delivery . Everything lined up well and the item looks exactly like the picture , very pleasing . Would definitely recommend .
 I initially bought a corner desk by Mylex . What a piece of work that was ! I spent about $ 100 for it , only to have the entire piece not fit together . I went over and over the instructions and never erred . The holes were not drilled into there places right and there was no friction grooves to screw any of the screws into their holes . It was like simply pushing a screw into a hole without anything to keep it there . The whole thing was shaky and I subversily prayed that when I accidentally bumped into it that it would not all collapse on me . In short
 I am very pleased with this desk . It was mostly easy to put together . The reason for not awarding 5 stars was the product arrived from the company with a few dents in the metal bars . The wood was in very good condition , however the holes for mounting did not always align . The keyboard rack was positioned much farther in then one would like . It does n't pull out far enough . I am debating advancing it over 2 inches so I can have the keyboard far enough out.The monitor/workspace area is huge for the size of the desk . I have plenty of room to work . Be warned if you buy the larger desk the elevation of the desk is HIGHER than the average desk . I needed to adapt my office chair by one of two means . Either installing a higher post , or larger -LRB- taller -RRB- wheels . That made my arms level with the keyboard rack on the desk to prevent my arms from getting tired from hours of use.If you are in an apartment or small room or office it will help save space . You can place your tower/UPS below and run the wires up to the desk area . They have slots in the back to snake the wires so there is no need to destroy your desk with a drill . Same with the upper shelf if you want to have a phone up there -LRB- great spot , also for a router or cable modem -RRB- .
 For some reason one of the screws keeps falling out of the chair , but that does not inhibit it 's proper functioning . Also
 I like this chair its good for what it is . The cushion is soft on the knees and butt . I am 6 feet tall and it suits me just fine . Plent of leg room for me . Like I stated earlier its good for the type of chair it is , if you want a back this chair is n't for you ... lol . . I bought mines from `` the comfort store '' ... but found this chair and wanted to give input for others . PEACE OUT ! ... LOL
 I just happened to spot the chair at a furniture store in town and after trying it out , decided that I would like to purchase one . After scouting around , I was pleased to find it available at Amazon for $ 10 less than the sale price at the store . It arrived in less than a week and was easy to assemble . It 's comfortable , better than my other conventional desk chair with back support , though you need to stretch your legs often . The handles make it easy to transport , and I also use them when I stretch my back after I 've been sitting for a while .
 I am very pleased with the Haley Knee Chair . It has greatly relieved the stress on my lower back and has improved my posture . It did take a few times of using for my back to adjust . One complaint is the printed directions . They were quite scanty having only a diagram with parts and no written instructions . My grandson , however , had no problem assembling the chair .
 The knee area does not have enough cushion and this results in your knee hurting a bit if you sit at a stretch for more than 30 minutes . So I get up every now and then for a minute . Other than that it works great .
 This is an okay chair . I find that I can not sit in it very long ... but perhaps that 's just me not agreeing with the design . One annoying aspect was the assembly . It took the help of another person to put it together .
 I really enjoy this product ; it 's perfect for mis-spellings , etc. . .
 I purchased the MWD-450 Merriam-Web Dictionary as a birthday gift for my granddaughter who loves to play Scrabble . She loved it and began playing `` hangman '' on it as soon as she opened the package .
 Since I received the Flanklin MWD 450 , I ca n't stop using it . It has a `` learn option '' for broadening your vocabulary and a databank which is very helpful for saving new words . It also presents you options for misspelled words . However , the keys are not big enough and the response is not that fast .
 I bought the Franklin MWD-450 for my 13 year old daughter to use at school for Language class vocabulary . She loves it . No need to wait for a dictionary or for a computer station to open up . With 5 computer stations in the class , it is time comsuming and most students wind up with homework . A couple of her friends have now purchased the Franklin MWD-450 as well to use in class .
 Personally , I find this item is very useful . Though some words might not be in it but on the other side it has many advantages . It has short and brieft meanings which are very understandle . Second a calculator and games that you can increase your vocabularies . Third , small and light weigh . Overall , It 's pretty good for a cheap price like this .
 I ordered a set of note cards for a friend and loved them so much that I ordered a set for myself . The colors are muted , giving them such a very rich appearance coupled with an impressive quality of paper that it 's hard to believe the price is so modest . Even the envelopes are magnificent . I do n't impress easily , but this product is more than impressive . It 's stunning .
 I ordered this media cabinet for someone who had it assembled . Assembly was fairly easy and the cabinet is roomy enough to accommodate many VHS videotapes . The cherrywood lends an attractive look to a traditionally furnished room . Would highly recommend . Also , delivery was timely . Excellent merchandise and merchant !
 I expected a lesser quality and was pleasantly surprised . The tower was easy to assemble , easy directions . The backing is a lot thicker than most DIY furniture from a box . I thought the bottom portion had similar doors like the top for more case storage . I guess I did n't inspect the photo well enough to see where the hinges were . It still became a nice storage unit on the bottom , and we still have lots of room for more Blu-Ray cases in the top portion ! I would buy another one .
 I do not exaggerate when I say , `` This pen saved my life ! '' After years of writing with those little skinny , drinking-straw pens my hand was in a claw shape after 5 minutes . I tried one of these by accident and I could write for quite a while before my hand bothered me , and usually it does n't . I have also tried many other thick pens , but the Avery eGrip is King , without a doubt . The ink lasts forever , for one thing . It is just the right size . And , most importantly , the little piece of cushion is not too hard and not too soft , it is just right . And -- unlike other pens -- it does not get all loose and mushy in a few weeks ; these last for months before going south on ya.My favorite color is the Orange , but I do n't see them here . These also came out in some classier-looking barrels for a while -- black , slate gray , and a suave blue , kind of matte finish ... but then they were no more either.I was devastated when Office Depot stopped carrying these in store , but I had quite a lot on hand . Now , a couple of years later , I am starting to run out , and I have had to start using some inferior models . So I was very glad to find them on Amazon , plus the refill ink cartridges . What could be better ?
 i love this pen , it 's has a nice and comfortable grip area.it always writes.it 's a nice color.it 's big enough where i do n't lose it .
 This phone is not bad , but if you need a phone that can be mounted on the wall then this phone is not for you .
 I can use it all over my house -LRB- 3500 sq feet -RRB- and this phone had sound quality and range like no phone I 've ever had . have n't had it long enough to know about the battery `` issues '' but I tend to leave the phone in the recharge cradle so for me that 's no big deal . I 'm happy to burn the extra 7 calories and put the handset back where it belongs .
 My wife and I are very satisfied with this phone . It 's easy to use , and has the features we wanted . We use it with our Vonage phone service and the reception is outstanding ! I 've personally made calls almost a block away from my house !
 We like our new phone because it compensates for the mixed line quality in our city . Our previous Uniden phone did a poor job of this and we could n't hear some callers .
 This phone works very well . I have simple needs in a phone and this suits those needs . It 's sleak and modern .
 I purchased this phone about 1 month ago for $ 50.00 and so far so good , the phone has no interference , slim sleek style , answering machine . I very happy with this purchase and would definitely recommend it !
 The phone is very clear and allows me to roam farther from the base than my old Uniden . To those that are complaining about there not being a speaker phone , all I can say is do n't rate the phone as being bad . Try reading the specifications next time , because they never claimed it was one .
 The Vtech 6032 phone is great phone and is very affordable . Although there is no speaker phone on the base it is still a quality phone . I woud recomeend this product .
 I gave the VTech 6032 cordless phone with digital answering system and caller ID to my daughter . I wanted only a `` Hello '' and `` Goodbye '' phone so I bought me another one .
 Product is as described . Even better price . Speakerphone is crystal clear as is the handset . The best part about this phone is its looks . It looks like the Razor .
 The sound quality is very , very good . I 've been using 5.8 GHz , 2.4 GHz and a long time ago the 900 MHz cordless phones and there does not seem to be any comparison . The DECT 6 produces superiorVTech 6032 - Cordless phone w / call waiting caller ID & answering system - DECTsound quality . I can actually use my land line now for making calls without the annoyance of static interference .
 I read the reviews below and had to disagree ... I have had this phone for over a year and not only does the battery last longer then any cordless I have ever owned , the sound is great too . I work at home and give advice on the phone for a living , so I had to have the best phone available . The sleek lightweight design , large viewing window , speaker device on the handheld unit , well lit numbers , clear sound quality and user friendly answering machine makes this phone really wonderful . I would n't delete a thing ... I would only add a speaker to the base unit . Oh , and by the way , it looks really cool too !
 I am an owner of another VTech cordless phone so my expectations were high regarding the technology and this phone is living up to my expectations.I give it a 5 star rating.Doressia Chambliss
 This is a great phone . All features are user friendly and it does not interfere with your wireless computer link . Ringer is loud enough to hear all over the house . That was one of the main reasons for this purchase .
 I bought this phone because I liked the way it looked . when it came in I noticed that the phone is easy to hold and does not hurt my fingers . It worked well and the voices come in clear and the answering machine is working as well . A good phone for a good price !
 Love this phone so much I 'm buying another . The reception is incredibly clear . We can walk throughout the house and yard with it . Only issue is that there is no wall mount for it .
 This is a good phone but the speakerphone goes in and out . If someone does n't talk loud enough on the other end , the voice wo n't come thru . I always have to say `` Talk louder . `` Other than that a very good phone .
 Despite much of the grumbling in these reviews , I have found this phone extremely useful . It has great range , excellent volume & clarity , and a very sleek design . The battery has a good life even though I 've owned it for six months - I can leave it off the base for 2 days and still have a conversation on it.My only criticism is that the base unit does not have a display for caller ID - but this does not affect my overall view of the phone.IF YOU BUY THIS ITEM , MAKE SURE TO FULLY CHARGE THE BATTERY BEFORE USING!This helps to get a full battery charge for the life of the phone .
 I purchased this phone/answering service essentially for the voicemail since my old answering machine was no longer reliable . So far , I am very pleased with the quality of the voicemail function . The sound of the recordings is clear , it is reliable , and easy to use . The audio on the phone itself is not quite as stellar but is good enough for my purposes -LRB- I generally use my other phone for longer conversations -RRB- .
 I really like this phone . The phone it self is very slim and looks very updated . It does have a low battery signal on it unlike previous reviews . I never had any trouble with the battery but I also do n't talk on my house phone for more than 30min . All in all it 's a nice sleek phone .
 Reception both ways is superior , even the speakerphone has low disturbance . Phone is lightweight and can even be balanced by a neck crunch . The keypad is large enough to dial by thumb .
 A well engineered product with cell phone ergonomics . ` Thumb ' buttons resemble the look and feel of those on a Motorola Razr . Battery status indicator does as well . After charging it up for over 8 hours before calling out I found no problems with the batteries whatsoever . Figuring battery quality may be a problem over time I purchased a spare one on e-bay -LRB- $ 4 -RRB- just in case . Also glad to see the frequencies used are below 2GHz . In Florida in sprawling one level homes built like concrete bunkers , cordless phones with frequencies over 3GHz do n't seem to penetrate solid walls very well -LRB- the 5GHz phones were useless and the 2.4 GHz units are suspect since 2.45 GHz is the standard frequency of a microwave oven -RRB- . All in all a good unit and I plan on buying more .
 I bought this phone for the DECT technology . Previous phones had interference when walking around the house especially in downstairs office . This phone solved all that , looks great and works without a problem . I was so impressed I bought a second one for my woman friend .
 This phone works great for me . I do n't know what these other people are complaining about . Then again , I 'm one of those weird people who only uses my phone for the most basic things like making/receiving calls and the answering machine function . I do n't need to launch the space shuttle with the thing . It looks cool , the weight of the handset feels right -LRB- not too heavy or too light -RRB- the sound is clear , and it does what it is supposed to do . Unless you wan na launch the space shuttle .
 I 've had this phone for about a month now and think it 's a really good one . It 's very easy to set up and to keep clean . The display is much better then the last VTech I had , and the voice mail is as good as I could ask for . The speaker phone works great and the price is right . I do recommend this phone .
 I ended up buying sentence strips and phrase strips to show kids how to add introductions to their sentences . These work like a charm !! They wipe off easily when you use a dry erase marker . LOVE these !
 I love these wipe-off sentence strips . I can use them over and over . Students enjoy them because they can grab one and write the science vocabulary words on them to post in our classroom . I would purchase these again .
 Overall , I agree with the comments that this phone sounds great . The two annoying issues are with the caller-id/phonebook and with chain dialing .1 . Once I enter a phone number in the phonebook the caller id should use the phonebook name but does not -LRB- it continues to say `` unknown '' -RRB- .2 . I use a calling card for outgoing calls , so I have to enter the CC number , the password , the actual number to be called -LRB- and if voice mail , another password -RRB- . The phonebook allows 20 digits max . I need at least 26 and speed-dialing can not be used during a call -LRB- or I would just use 4 speed-dial entries -RRB- . Also , caller id comes in with 10 digits but needs the leading `` 1 '' to actually call back - you have to add this yourself each time . The buttons are small , the mute indicator does n't blink and is hard to see.I like the sound quality , speakerphone on the handset with mute , and the room monitor feature .
 I bought the base unit plus five handsets . Wow ! They work great ! I love how the base syncs with each handset so you can add a phone book entry one time and all handsets have it . When you add a new handset and give it a name such as `` Master Bedroom '' , all handsets see it . Even the clock syncs up from the base station to all handsets . Crystal clear connections . A perfect 2-line phone system . I use my headset often and it works great . The system does n't interfere whatsoever with my wireless network , either . Excellent handset battery life.Cons
 I use my second line for my home office , usually with a headset , to replace the dying Siemens system that served us faithfully for so long . I wonder if Uniden is suffering from quality control issues that Siemens was having with their handsets . Either way , I have absolutely no echo on the second -LRB- or first -RRB- line , with or without a headset . Sorry to J. Crist that he 's had that problem with two units . I had the `` poor reception '' problem with numerous Siemens handsets as well , before getting a working one -LRB- unfortunately , the base unit had to go and die on us -RRB- . Why is n't this phone perfect ? The range could be a little better , there is no lockout to prevent accidental button pushing if you actually use the belt clip to clip it onto your belt/pants . There is no answering machine like the nearly identical 1-line and 2-line 2.4 GHz models from the same company . I looked at Panasonic thinking I 'd get it all in one package , but reading reviews of it has me scared . I 'm getting an AT&T ; standalone machine instead .
 I must say , that after owning numerous cordless phones , this one is the best -LRB- in this price range -RRB- . The range is good , but the phone features are great . I love having the ability to pick a specific handset to transfer calls to or utilize the intercom feature with . I 'm very pleased .
 Fully satisfied . We have three handsets plus the base and they 're working fine . Features all fully operational , transmits all over the apartment , sound quality great.Nitpicks
 Bought this one because I 'm wireless on my computer system , and my 2.4 GhZ wireless phone was causing lots of interference/lost connections , etc. . As soon as I hooked up the new system , all wireless connectivity problems are gone!Sound quality and features on new phone are great . Only `` drawback : '' Buttons are pretty close together , and my eyesight is n't the best . But I figure I 've only had phone 3 weeks or so , and once I get used to where everything is , this wo n't be a problem any longer.Bottom line
 I just got the phone , so I have some time to play around with it , but so far , I really like it . Although there is a slight echo when you talk , the clarity is very clear , and I had to turn the ringer volumne down , it was loud enough to hear through the house . This unit I have set up in my basement , and I was afraid that it would make it impossible to get good range , but I did not have that to worry about . I have another uniden phone , an older model , but that one is on it 's way out , so it makes sense to replace it with another one even better ! I plan on purchasing a couple of handsets to go into other rooms in the near future . I have tried Panasonic -LRB- battery dies a few minutes after use , sounds scratchy at times -RRB- VTECH ... so , so , and GE . As far as I am concerned , Uniden is the best for me .
 Be aware that this model does NOT have an answering machine , though Uniden does make a similar model WITH an answering device built-in . That omission somehow escaped me when reviewing the long list of features , and I ordered thinking it did . The features it does have are excellent , and it programs and operates fairly intuitively . The base and wireless handsets are extremely flexible in the way the system can be set up . The phones are exceptionally compact , not much larger than the size of many current one-piece cell phones . If a user 's vision is impaired , they 'll have a difficult time seeing the labels on , beside , and under the keys , however . The handsets fit nicely in the hand and are comfortable on the ear . Conversation is very sharp and clear . The display is large and handsome with the backlighted orange , which turns on automatically when making a call or receiving an incoming call , together with a red blinking light on each handset . My single disappointment is with the range , which is not much better than our former Siemens models . We use these in a 5,500 sq. ft. well-built home , which stretches the limits of any wireless phone system designed and priced for home use . Of the attractions of both systems for me was that neither the Siemens nor the Uniden has an ugly protruding antenna on its handsets . However , with the Uniden , you must be careful not to hold your hand over the back of the upper part of the handset if you 've more than about 25 ' from the base or some some signal interference results . There are many things to like about this system , and the only thing I regret is not ordering the model with the built-in answering machine .
 I was wary about this hardware as it just did not seem to have the same array of features as the 2-line corded business phones . However , after reading a couple of white papers on VoIP convergence , and noting that Uniden 's soon-to-be-released VoIP wireless product will be able to use this 5.8 GHz handset , I went for it ! I was not disappointed , and now would like to lend support for the other positive reviews noted here.As to the echo complaints reported by others - this problem may not be related to this hardware . Instead , I recommend they check their wired phone connections -LRB- in the wall -RRB- to be certain that the exposed untwisted pairs on the two-line ends are not too long , a known problem with corded 2-line phones & extensions.As to the CID complaints reported by others - this problem is common to CID on corded phones and depends greatly on the carrier -LRB- s -RRB- & privacy level of those who place the call.On balance , this hardware is leading the pack by a couple of lengths . If you are considering VoIP transition , see this solution as a viable bridge to that technology .
 At the time of acquiring this phone system , it was the only expandable -LRB- to eight handsets -RRB- 5.8 Ghz 2-line system . I waited patiently for it , and am generally happy with it.The awful clicking and interference that my former Siemens 2.4 Ghz system was plagued with is totally gone.Here are some strong points : - the handsets are very clear - the speakerphones on them work excellently - the battery life is real good - the base unit is small , light weight , mounting easily on a wall . - the speaker phone on the base unit works very well . - the range of the system is adequateHere are my criticisms after using this system for some time : - it should have had it 's own voice mail system either built in , or able to be added on . I do n't like having to purchase it as a service for the phone to use it well . - the ringer on the base unit rings even when you are on the phone unless you press `` dnd . '' That 's just stupid . The operation - like all base button operations - will pertain to the handset if it is charge mode . - the independence operation of the base unit -LRB- speakerphone -RRB- and the associated handset is inadequate . That and handset are not really sufficient to operate for two people . Thereroe , for instance , if you want 2 lines for two people , you should really buy an daddition tcx860 unit.In summary , there is now competition for this unit if you need a two-line 5.8 wireless , and I would look around if I needed to buy again .
 I purchased this phone mainly due to the Amazon user reviews and have not been disappointed . My primary concern with whatever I bought was whether the speakerphone clarity would be good enough . The results have been very good . I can hear the other party very well and they all say they can hear me well . The phone does not cut the other party off while trying to figure out whether to receive or transmit . I like how compact the unit is . It does not take up much room at all on the desktop . The handset is a good size as well . I had been concerned it would be as small as other Uniden 's we own . The following are things that I would like to change but yet do not diminish this phone 's 5 star rating :1 -RRB- When using one line talking I have not figured out if there is a way to keep the other line from ringing and interupting the conversation . This is more of a problem in speaker phone mode .2 -RRB- I have had a few instances where the display lit up and the voice mail indicator lit as if I had a voice mail but I really did not . I had to call tech support to find out that holding down the `` flash/find hs '' button would clear this -LRB- BTW , Tech support has been great -RRB- .3 -RRB- There are not enough `` normal '' ring tone options that would be appropraite for business and that are distinct . I do n't need renditions of `` Old MacDonald '' and `` We wish you a Merry Christmas '' .4 -RRB- There aought to be a USB method for transferring selected contacts into the phone from Outlook . My time is simply to valuable to take the time to play the keypad games needed to key even a few names and phone numbers into the addressbook .5 -RRB- When the voice mail indicator is lit you can not determine if the voice mail is on line 1 or line 2 without checking each line.For the money -LRB- $ 116 total delivered -RRB- this phone can not be beat . I would not hesitate to buy another Uniden product
 I 've had this phone for a few weeks now and it is a great phone . It replaced a V-Tech 2 line multi-handset phone that was interferring with our home network and had terrible sound quality . The Uniden phone has much better sound quality - it sounds as good as a corded . The system was very easy to set up , you just put each handset on the base charger to register it . I have n't used many of the features , but I 've been able to figure things out without going back to the manual . I 'm planning to buy some more handsets for the rest of the house .
 The ONLY thing I do n't like about this phone is when the opposite line is ringing while you are on the phone , it cuts you out for the entire time it is ringing . So when on the phone with a customer , it cuts me out if the other line is ringing . I HATE THAT ! But other than that issue , I love love love this phone . Clear , you can hear great on it and it has many great features . Also has good range . DOES NOT interfere with my wireless network .
 I have a small business and need two lines . This phone has excellent clarity and ease of use . I would highly recommend .
 highly recommended for small office.great two line systemallows syning of phone book from base to handsets and vice versa.good price ... i searched around and this was the best deal by far .
 The phone has a great range - we can walk all over our office and have had no static . The features are easy to use and the design of the phone makes it easy to clip on a belt . We are satisfied with our purchase !
 The phone has a a special feature . It is possible to easily turn the ringer On and Off with the `` Do not disturb '' button . The phone base is smaller than most other similar phones , leaving me more room on my desk .
 So far so good . Only have had the phone system for just over a week now . Everything is working well , so far . It was very easy to set up the main unit as well as the remote units.I would recommend this to others to buy .
 Have had the phone for a few weeks now and have no complaints.I use this in my home office 5 days per week . No complaints from persons I talk with . No strange sounds , no problems . No interference with our wireless network nor with the other 5.8 GHz phone -LRB- Toshiba -RRB- in use at our home at the same time.It is a very small unit ; I had expected something bigger . This is not a complaint , just something that surprised me.I like the visual voice mail indicator , that and the fact that this phone does not have an answering machine were 2 things that made it stand out when compared with similar phones.Only thing I 'd change is related to caller id . Have not used caller id prior to this so I do n't know if this is even possible , but I do wish it would recognise the phone numbers already in my phone book and display MY name for that number when the person calls.BTW , I am using a Plantronics model M175 headset with the phone ; I highly recommend it.There 's not that many 2-line cordless phones available ; for the price I doubt this one can be beat .
 Just got this phone . Have been playng with it for a few hours . There are so many good features , as other reviewers have pointed out . My wife loves the Room Monitor option which means she can hear the kids where-ever there is a phone or base . I also like the radio/walkie talkie feature.I have network based vmail and it was simple to set it up to autodial the network vmail system -LRB- including using pauses so i could enter my password as well -RRB- Caveats1 . Stored entries are 20 digits/chars only - prevents me from doing a speed dial for my voicemail at work -LRB- which takes more than 20 characters when u include the pauses -RRB- .2 . When u transfer stored entries from say the base unit to a handset the Speed Dial Entry # is not transferred . SO you have to go into each phone and set the speed dial # . Kinda weird , maybe I am missing something . The rest of the info . is transferred correctly . My advice is do as much as possible on the base unit and then transfer to the handsets.So far , this is a great 2 line phone for my needs .
 These are nice phones with some really cool features . The first cool feature is the fact that you can program 100 people into the phonebook and then set up a special ringtone for each . What we 've done is to have a special ring tone for when my wife calls home from work , another ring tone for all my family , another ring tone for her side of the family etc. . . This is especially helpful when the phone rings during dinner , while watching a movie or during the middle of the night when the phone rings and you do n't want to get up but are afraid that it 's a family member calling with bad news.The next extremely cool feature is a usability issue . In previous phones we 've spent the time programming all the names and numbers into one phone and then giving up mid way through doing it a second time on another phone . With this phone you have to put it in one and then it will send it to the other phones saving you lots of time and hassle . The final cool feature about this phone is that it has what I call real 3 way conferencing . To explain , if you 're looking for a phone that has 3 way conferencing you may have in your mind that you want to be able to call a family member or business associate across town and conference in another family member or business associate across the country . You can do that with these phones . To further explain why this is a cool feature , MANY phones out there will say that they have 3 way conferencing but they really do n't . In other words , the 3 way they 're talking about is you , someone else on the other phone in your house and 1 other person somewhere else . To me this is NOT 3 way conferencing and borderline false advertising.The range of this phone is excellent . I noticed that another reviewer complained of static and had range issues . My only guess is that they have something in their house or near by that causes range issues as I can go anywhere in our house -LRB- 2 floors , 2200 sq. ft -RRB- and to the back of our .20 acre lot and have no isses what so ever with range or static.Preventing this phone from getting 5 stars however is the fact that some of the features are crazy confusing . I still have n't figured out how to use the conference feature and have it work every time . I 'm sure many who read this are more adapt with technology , however , and will be able make it work fine - especially if using this for a small business where you use it on a consistent basis . If you use this phone for home use you may have problems like we do as we do n't use it enough to remember all the steps you have to go through each time . The other reason this does n't get 5 stars is the fact that I 've had persistent complaints from friends and family all across the country about not being able to hear me as our conversation drags on . What I 've found is that when the battery power is low I run into problems with people not being able to hear me anymore . We 'll be talking fine and then all of the sudden I hear a concerned `` Are you there ? Hello ? Hello ? '' The final negative to this phone is that you have to master how to switch from one phone to another and then hanging up the other phone . You have to go to through extra steps of hitting line 1 or line 2 etc. . .
 To put it simply , this Phone rocks . From the etremely strong sound clarity and range , to the ease of setup , you just ca n't beat this phone . The speakerphone and mic are so clear that people actually enjoy hearing us talk on it . -LRB- It 's easily as good as a decent name brand business phone system -RRB- . The fact that it handles ten phones and two lines covers my needs completely . The battery holds its charge for an exceptionally long time as well . The programmed features are easy to understand and work with . It also fits comfortable in your hand . Not to mention the fact that this 5.8 ghz system wo n't interfere with a wireless network router.If you only need a 1 line system check out Radio Shacks licensed version of this phone , it comes in a pleasant champagne color .
 Great unit ... very strong signal throughout 2400 sq foot house and outside , well made and easy to use . Only downside is the buttons are a bit small . If that 's not an issue for you , I strongly recommend .
 Had phone for 4 months . Very good 2 line phone . I only wish the LCD display was another color as my wife finds it hard to read.Overall very good performance .
 I 've been using this system with 10 handsets for over two years now , without problems . We use many of the features
 Have never owned a better phone . The gentleman that wrote the review with 1 star had a valid point though , you ca n't call back callers in the CID menu with an area code outside of yours -LRB- no option to put a `` 1 '' in front of the number -RRB- . However his other point of not being able to turn off the answering machine is funny , because this model does NOT HAVE an answering machine ! Wow . Its only an additional keypad folks , no answering machine . That would stand to reason why you ca n't turn off your `` imaginary '' answering machine . Also , I purchased three additional TCX905 handsets ... also work great . All the features I need . Another small feature lacking , is being able to change the ringtone on the base . Overall though , you 'll love it over ATT , GE , and Panasonic . I 've had them all .
 I finally had to break down and replace the Siemens 2420 phone system I have been using since they first came out . My needs are simple , expandable cordless phone system , base and seven handsets minimum , 2-line , 5.8 ghz , digital , useable/sharable phonebook and answer machine or seamless connection to phone company voice mail and finally reasonable price . The 2-line/eight unit requirement eliminated Panasonic . The usable/sharable phone book eliminated Motorola -LRB- you would not believe how primitive theirs was -RRB- . Anyway , to make a long difficult journey much shorter I eliminated everyone except Uniden . I really wanted to wait until the new model is released this summer , but the Siemens decided to die.I work out of my home so I bought the TRU8866 and seven TCX905 handsets . Setting up the TRU8866 was simplicity itself . Charge the handset , read the manual , decide what settings and options you wanted to use , input those settings , use the phone.After living with the system for several weeks I have the following observations : Pro
 I 'm not a person who always has to have the latest and greatest . My last cordless phone was a 900mhz VTech which had seen its better days.My purchase parameters were a little unique . I added VOIP service at home but also kept a limited-feature land line for emergencies . I specifically wanted a 2-line phone that was expandable and could handle both land line and VOIP formats . I feel safer knowing that if internet service is down , I can still pick up any phone and make a call.I must say I have been impressed . The phone works well and is crystal clear on both lines . The range is better than my old 900mhz cordless , and the numerous features of the phone are convenient and well layed out . I have added 5 additional handsets to make use of the intercom . Each handset also has a voicemail notification light and with a little programming , you can check your voicemail by pushing 2 buttons . The speakerphone works great and the microphone can clearly relay my voice from across the room . The belt clip that comes with each handset also makes a great shoulder rest if you are on the phone and working in the kitchen.The quality of the units is good . The TCX860 was the original handset for this system but it has been replaced by the TCX805 . Both units are essentially identical with the exception of color . The 860 has a black face and the 805 has a silver face . I have both models and they are equal in every way.I would recommend this phone for the reasons I have stated . I 've read other negative reviews stating issues that I have not encountered . In all fairness to the manufacturer , the quality of your phoneline -LRB- input -RRB- has a lot to do with the performance of a phone . But for myself , I LOVE this phone !
 The first TRU8866 I bought had the following problems , some of which others have mentioned as well :1 . On the first ring , the base would ring but the handset would only light up . The handset did n't actually ring until the second ring . So only 3 rings before voice mail picks up , rather than 4 rings .2 . The voice mail indicator would n't illuminate on either the base or the handset for 5 to 10 minutes after a message was left and the stutter tone began .3 . While in speakerphone mode on the handset , it would intermittently cut off your voice while speaking even when there was no other sound on the other end -LRB- ie , this would happen while I was leaving a voice mail -RRB- .4 . There was interference from another 5.8 GHz phone -LRB- Motorola -RRB- in my house that resulted in constant clicking sounds , even when the other phone was not in use but that disappeared when I unplugged the power from the other phone.The good news is that when I returned the unit and got another one , the new unit had NONE of these problems . Now it works very well for me . I would even give it 5 stars , except that when talking to customer service about the problems I was experiencing , they told me I could mail it in for repair and they would get it back to me in 3 to 5 weeks ! In an age where many , if not most , electronics companies can turnaround a repair in a week , and some even send the replacement to you first so you do n't go without , 3 to 5 weeks seems like they are n't even really TRYING to take care of the customer .
 This phone is exactly what I was looking for two years ago . I had certain features that I had decided upon a while back but there was no manufacturer that met my needs . I ended up purchasing a single line multi-handset model from Uniden -LRB- DCT-648 -RRB- as a compromise and have been very impressed by that system ever since.Most recently I searched again for a system that would meet my needs and came across this most recent Uniden system . This one has it all . The features are nicely thought out and it even has a few things I 'd not thought of , such as the ability to set different default area codes per line . It also has message waiting indicator displays for the individual lines.My only complaint is that the battery life is a bit short compared to the single line Uniden phones in my house . However , this is a nit to pick as I can easily get a full day 's use out of it even with my ear glued to the receiver or more likely using the handset 's built in speakerphone.It 's a great system and I highly recommend it .
 I 'm 98 % happy with this phone . Only thing that I do n't like is that the ringer volume on the `` Low '' setting is still quite loud . It 's either got an extremely loud ring , or a very loud ring . No quiet ring option . Aside from that , the phone works great , and has all of the features I need . And for the Amazon price , you ca n't beat it !
 This is really an excellent phone . Quality is as good as a corded phone . It is very difficult to find a 2-line 5.8 ghz phone -LRB- this will probably change soon -RRB- . Do n't buy a 2.4g-if you do n't get interference now , you will in the future . I 've tried a lot . 2 wishes would be a headset jack on the base and automatic syncing between address books . Also the interface could be a little more intuitive . Bottom line-if you need a 2-line cordless this is the model to get . PS - If you ca n't afford to spend on this relatively expensive phone get 2 cheap 5.8 ghz phones as opposed to 1 2-line 2.4 ghz phone . This is a cheaper option and probably better for many , but takes up space .
 The phone works great . I have 2 lines . A traditional land line , and a voip line . The voip line is on line1 and the traditional on line2 . I 've not had single problem with it . It does n't seem to be having an adverse affect on my other wireless gadgets -LRB- router and bluetooth -RRB- , which I know is concern for some people . The phone has worked out of the box perfectly since day one , but I did spend quite a bit of time narrowing it down.The `` custom banner '' feature seemed needless at first , but actually turned out to be quite useful for redial purposes , when trying to determine which handset I used to make a call , or simply to return the correct handset to its place.It 's been very sturdy . I 've dropped or knocked it over it countless times , and there has n't been a scratch , crack or change in audible quality or reception.The only cons -LRB- which some might consider a plus -RRB- that I can think of :1 -RRB- lack of automatically shared address book . Contacts I update on one handset are n't automatically updated on all handsets . The same is true for redial . although entries can be manually `` pushed '' to other handsets . -LRB- individually , or all at once -RRB- .2 -RRB- not quite enough redial entries . only 3
 I recently setup this phone with an extension . I have 2 lines at my house.The thing is super-easy to set up - especially when adding a new handset . You just add it to the base unit and a couple of seconds later , it is ` registered . ` The form factor is excellent.The only gripe at the moment is the echo on line 2 . This is a fairly big gripe as you would not want to talk for too long with the echo as it is HIGHLY annoying . Knowing how consumer electronics companies operate , I suspect that this will not be fixed.You can have different rings for different callers if you have CID . Unfortunately you can not distinguish between line 1 and 2 - except by altering the volume -LRB- which I can not tell the difference . -RRB- Also this unit does not include an answering machine .
 I was tired of buying expensive speaker desk phones that last about 18 months , so I decided to try this . The range is excellent and the cordless expansion feature allows me to put phones in rooms without jacks . It works great .
 I do n't normally write reviews on products , but I am really impressed the the Uniden TRU8866 2-line cordless phone . Installation was a snap and the thing works wonderfully . I also bought 2 additional handsets and all I had to do to match them with the base unit was set them in the base for a few seconds . The battery life is great and so it the range . The signal is clear and the microwave does n't both it either.If you need a two line cordless phone this is a great phone .
 The phone itself works well , and the voice sounds natural to the listener and speaker in any conversation . The only drawback I find is that the phone does not correctly show if line one or line two is in use by another -LRB- corded or cordless -RRB- phone . When one goes to make a call , one is NEVER sure if they are going to interrupt someone elses conversation , because the phone only shows line one or line two usage by the Uniden 5.8 GHz phones . If we were to replace all of our other phones with Uniden extension phones off the same base unit , they would then correctly show line usage .
 Meets all expectations . Sound quality is good . Features are easy to understand and use .
 The phone is very user friendly and has many handy features . The sound quality is great .
 We have six of these handsets in our home , for over six months , and they work great ! The sound quality , range , and battery life are superior to every other cordless phone I have ever used . The feature set is very well thought out , and the phones are extremely easy to use .
 This phone has almost all the bells and whistles but , there is just one thing missing.There is a jack for a hands-free headset on the handset , however , there is n't a place to plug in a headset on the base unit ... I would have given it 5 Stars if there was . I needed to replace my 2-line phone system ... If I had to do it all over again , I would would still get this phone . The phone quality , design and features are that good .
 I have tried all the 5.8 mhz 2 line phones . None really cut it in the quality/distance specs . This is a great performer for the price and I paid much more than what it is selling for now.Pros
 This is NO April Fools review ! I had an older Uniden 2-line cordless system that developed some problems , but , after some online research , I decided to try this TRU8866 system . I was pleasantly pleased . The clarity of the sound is wonderful ! Most people that I talk to can not tell whether I 'm on a corded phone or a cordless . The features are well thought out and well integrated . One early-on bonus was that you can easily copy the phonebook that you enter in one handset to the base or to other handsets . It is very easy to add Caller ID info to your phonebook . The two-line operation is intuitive ; no intruction book is necessary ! Another neat feature is that each handset is a wonderful , hands-free -LRB- clear as a bell -RRB- speaker phone ! I 'm back at Amazon to order some more TCX860 Expansion Handsets . The system is great . As far as durability and longevity , only time will tell .
 I 've had the cordless phone and an expansion headset for a few weeks and they both work perfectly . Setup was a breeze . It was also extremely easy to register the expansion handset to the base . I had been looking for a two line cordless phone for a while and when I found this phone I was impressed . It even flashes to let me know that I have voice mail waiting on my AT&T internet phone . The only minor complaint is the small off button on the handset . I would prefer to have the talk button function as the off button also . I highly recommend the product .
 Easy set up , compact size fits any , looks great and the hands free speaker is amazingly clear even more than 5 feet away . First phone system I have had in 30 years that works in my basement without static , WOW !! Would recommend to friends and family .
 Update
 I had already bought two , this one was for my brother-in-law 's business line . I have one in the house and in our office . Range of reception is great and the 5.8 GHz has yet to mess with my razor phone by creating a buzz noise when they get close together . Adding units is simple because you do n't have to have a phone jack -- just a plug .
 I read most of the reviews for the Uniden Cordless , and only found one comment that concerned me
 I spent many weeks comparing the Panasonic to the Uniden . I finally settled with the Uniden phone system since I use the voice mail service from my phone & data service provider . Therefore , I did not need the answering system that came bundled with the panasonic.The panasonic phone system is more costly than the Uniden TRU 8866 , but the quality is on par with one another.The reception is crisp and clear when using the handpiece . Even the speakerphone on the base handset has really good audio quality . The handset size is smaller , but it is easy to adjust to . Programming the phone is a cinch - providing one takes the time to read the intsructions thoroughly prior to the intial set-up . One of the feature which is invaluable is the CDWX feature - this blocks the automated solicitors that call from an unidentified number . I 'm looking forward to using all the features it has to offer . It is compatible with all digital voicemail services offered by phone companies.So far I 'm pleased with my purchase . Additional handsets are only a fraction of the cost of it 's Panasonic counterpart . Save $ $ and purchase a refurbished unit - they work just as well as the original , sometimes even better .
 The other reviews for this phone are dead-on . I use this phone in my home office for business and home use and it works flawlessly . Reception is great , does n't interfere with my wireless network , looks great , is ergonomic , and offers a ton of customizable options.This phone is expensive , but if you 're looking for a 2-line 5.8 Ghz phone , this is the only one you should buy .
 I love this phone . It improves significantly over the previous Uniden models I 've had . The speakerphone is clear at both ends . The buttons are well lit and easy to use . The phone book can actually be copied to other phones . The speakerphone in each handset can not be overrated . In our case we can listen to a conversation between our 2 year old and the grandparents to help translate and our daughter does n't have to keep the phone perfectly placed on her head . I like to use handheld speakerphone when the headset becomes annoying and I still want to roam the house . The base station is fairly compact too . 5.8 Ghz does n't static around my wireless laptop or microwave as many people promised . My only real complaint is that the ring tones are limited . Since each line can have a different ring tone -LRB- per phone unit -RRB- the ring tones seem even more limited . Again , for the parents out there , my daughter loves the Old MacDonald ring tone .
 I purchased this product because I needed the 2-line capability for my home office and it has thus proved to be an excellent product . It has features that exceeded my expectation but the plus is the intercom function makes my office operate like larger ones since I can intercom other extensions to transfer calls .
 I bought this phone hoping my father who uses a hearing aid could hear with the phone . He could not use most phones even with his hearing aid . Some sounded garbled . He can use this one without his hearing aid . Thanks Uniden .
 I use the base and an extra phone in my garage office . I have 2 others in the 2 story house with the longest distance phone being about being 200 feet away ... . and still great reception . The intercom is a real plus if you do n't want to get up and ask a question from far away . I also like the room monitor too . I can occasionally eavesdrop on the kids to see if they are in any mischief .
 Great phone , Uniden is top-notch . Tells you which line is calling when it rings - very useful if you are running 2 businesses from one office ! both keypads are easy to use . Recommended .
 Good company and product . Phone was delivered promptly . Sound quality very good , and easily programmed . Excellent buy for its price . Second line works well with fax/printer no issues .
 Like most of the Digital 5.8 Uniden cordless phones , this unit has great sound quality and low noise . Works perfectly within it 's operationg range , that 's a little better then average . I think the included hanset is slightly better then the other models in the series , a little better sound . I 'm very happy with this unit!On the negative the base lacks the registration option so other 5.8 models that do n't fit in the charging base can not be registered to the system . I have a couple of the flip phones I used with my old base and was unable to get them to register to this base -LRB- even when I connected it to the charging connections -RRB- . Also the newest accessory handset for the 9000 series will work , but it 's slightly larger and deos n't fit in the charging base . With force it will connect allowing it to register to the base , but can not be charged because constant force is required for it to make contact . This handset will charge in the 9000 series base since it 's only very slightly smaller and uses the same power adapter .
 I needed a two-line speakerphone , and this is what I bought . Audio quality is fine , and I can carry the handset outside and wander around my yard and still get a decent signal . There is a speaker on the handset and another one on the base station , and it also has a headset jack . Controls are pretty good and not too convoluted , nice readable amber screen . It does intercom , conferencing , voicemail indicator , phonebook , mute , do not disturb , one-button voicemail retrieval , individual ringer controls , and a bunch of other stuff . Two thumbs up .
 This phone is being used in a small business and has so far been working very well . Set up is extremely easy -LRB- did it without the manual -RRB- . The sound is crisp and clear . One of the features I enjoy most is the fact that you can use certain features on the handset as well as the base . Last but not least ... that wonderful feature ... `` the do not disturb button '' ... great for telemarketers and phone stalkers .
 I was skeptical , because other brands that I thought I trusted -LRB- Panasonic and Vtech -RRB- turned out 2-line phones that were junk . I never heard of Uniden , but now I 'm sold . It 's a good little phone . Works like a champ . I 'll buy their product again next time .
 We use these phones at our Adventure Jeep Rental business and have found them to be nearly indestructible ! Due to the nature of our business , the phones repeatedly get knocked off our belt and hit the ground . They have flown across the street , spent an hour in water when the phone fell into our wash bucket , they have landed in the mud and have even been completely run over by a Jeep ... And they always keep working ! Sound quality and range are excellent . We love these phones !
 I agree with the other reviewers that this phone has good range , excellent sound quality , good speakerphone quality , and a robust feature set . So I wo n't restate those here . There are a couple areas that I think could be improved , though . First , the caller ID display does n't reference your stored number list . Because it displays `` caller ID deluxe '' information , you will usually get the name of the person in addition to the phone number , but in some instances , you get something generic like `` Wireless caller '' instead of a useful name . This is minor , but I would like the option to display what 's in my phonebook instead of the name sent via caller ID . Perhaps there is a setting in there somewhere , but I have n't found it yet . Second , headsets do n't work well with this phone . I 've tried 3 different sets , and none of them have enough microphone gain - so it sounds like you 're in a hole . Given that all of these headsets work great with multiple cell phones , I suspect that Uniden is trying to get you to buy their headset only . That 's really disappointing . Headsets are cheap , but I hate to buy another one just for these phones . Finally , the base ringer has three volume settings
 This is a wonderful item . We now use 4 handsets . The only problem is it likes lightening . We have had to replace our base a couple of time . There is no interference with other items or when both lines are in use .
 We briefly had this phone hooked up to land lines before switching to VOIP , and we found voice quality excellent . It 's still very good now that we 've switched . It 's loaded with features - many of which we do n't use - but the ones we do use -LRB- caller ID , 2-lines , speakerphone on both handset and the base -RRB- are very intuitive.One quirk -LRB- and hence only 4 stars -RRB-
 The Uniden Power max 5.8 GHz 2-line phone is pretty good . Range in my concrete-walled office is very limited , but voice quality very good , and functionality very good . Pet peeves
 I 'm very favorably impressed with this cordless . Callers say their reception is clear and loud when I use the spesaker phone mode , and they can not tell any difference when I change to the handset.Contrary to anoher 's review , it does have a privacy mode and you can tell which line is being used by one of the other stations . The only disappointment is that the specs call for 100 addresses in memory , but I get locked out at 62 . Other than that , it performs better than other cordless phones I 've used . I recommend it .
 There are lots of cordless phones out there with good sound quality , but the features and usability on this one really set it apart.Everything from the digital display to behaviors such as whether the line is answered when the phone is taken off the cradle or only when a button is pressed is customizable through an easy-to-navigate menu . Sure , I had to browse the instructions to figure out how to use a few of the features but for a phone with so many options the interface is impressively intuitive . Uniden did an excellent job - this could be the poster product for good user-centered design.If you get multiple handsets for it , two handsets can be on the same call at once , unlike many of the other multiple-handset systems out there . And you can transfer a call from one handset to another . The additional handsets do n't need phone jacks , which is great for those who do n't have phone jacks in every room.The speaker phone and headphone jack also make this ideal for an office phone or anyone who spends a lot of time on the phone while also doing other tasks . And together with the headphone jack , the belt clip makes it easy to talk hands-free while on the move.And last , it even has a nice sleek appearance that looks good on my desk . Oh , and did I mention it has lots of great features ? I love this phone !
 Excellent TWO line unit that accepts up to ten handsets . THE TWO LINES CAN BE USED AT THE SAME TIME BY DIFFERENT HANDSETS or multiple people can be on the same line !!! . TRUE 5.8 ghz used for both transmit and receive -LRB- unlike others -RRB- so it wo n't interfere with 2.4 ghz wireless lans . Handsets can be used offsite without the base to talk from handset to handset or as a room monitor , speakerphone in handsets . All sorts of great features check out the manual link for the detals.http : / / www.uniden.com/pdf/TRU8866om.pdfHandsome professional looking unit , handsets have solid feel and use Nickel Metal Hydride batteries . Corded phone audio quality . Keep in mind that almost none of the phones in the consumer marketplace have great range but this unit works well around the house , front porch and most of your backyard -LRB- if its not to big -RRB- , the fewer walls and obstructions the better . Better range is afforded by commercial units with external antennas and lower frequencies but these units are either way to expensive or do not afford the feature set that this unit offers.HEADSET
 Best phone I 've ever usedI 've never gotten so excited over a phone before . I keep discovering neat design features which makes me say `` wow - they really put some thought into this phone . '' First , the quality is phenomenal . This wireless actually sounds better than the AT&T ; corded phone it replaced . It has much better range is and less susceptible to noise than my Vtech 900mhz - in fact , I do n't hear any noise or static at all . My biggest concern was that I would not be able to pick up a line which was already `` in use . '' On this phone , you can pick up any line like an analog phone , but can easily lock out the other extensions with a privacy feature.It 's not just a phone , but a phone system , for which you can buy additional extensions and add them anywhere without installing additional phone jacks . You can transfer calls to a different extension , as well as intercom or conference with other extensions . You can take your wireless phones with you when you travel and use them as walkie-talkies ! You can use one extension like a room/baby monitor , or perhaps just find out what 's going on downstairs . The base doubles as an independent speaker phone , so it 's like getting two phones for the price of one - with a convenient handset finder . Expandable to up to 10 handsets , each extension has its own speaker phone , which blew me away . Each extension , as well as the base , has its own searchable phonebook of 100 numbers plus speed dial - and , the entries of the phonebook can be sent from one handset to another . The list of features goes on , but what really blows me away is the quality and clarity of this phone . It 's also a lot smaller than it looks in the photo . You can almost put one of these handsets into your shirt pocket , making them very `` cellular-phone like , '' including the many ringer tone options , including off . When a call comes in , the Caller-ID display lights up bright and an LED flashes , so you do n't need to have every extension ring - for those `` quiet rooms . '' Each extension has a headpiece jack so you can walk around hands-free . Complaints / Suggestions for improvements ? I honestly ca n't think of any . This phone is perfection .
 PROS
 After reading all the reviews on various 5.8 GHz phones , I decided upon the TRU8866 and two additional handsets . I am very happy with the quality of these phones , but more importantly the sound quality is excellent . It is very clear and no more interference from my 802.11 g data network . It also has a do-not-disturb -LRB- DND -RRB- feature which is great if you want uninterrupted sleep during the day or night . This model does not have a built in answering system . I did not need a answering system because I use my phones in combination with an Asterisk PBX that hosts my voicemail . When a voicemail message is left on the Asterisk system it triggers the Message Waiting Indicator -LRB- MWI -RRB- on these Uniden TRU8866 phones . The MWI also works with voicemail services offered by most Telco 's
 OK ... . this phone system rates 5 solid stars as being a very functional , aesthetic , compact and crystal clear phone for a 2 line house or office . I have been using the 2.4 GHz Panasonic phone for some years and this phone compares very favourably with that older system . The range is better ; sound is excellend and does not start to break up after talking on a handset for more than 15 minutes -LRB- big problem in Panasonic -RRB- ; THE HANDSETS HAVE GREAT SPEAKERPHONES ... WOW ... what a benefit ; the base uniot does not occupy half of your desk ; phones work PERFECT with a VOIP system ; handsets are very cheap compared to Panasonic ; greater choice of ringer tones ... . also a GREAT addition is the global setting optiuon that allows you to change phone settings and address books etc etc from one of the units -LRB- in other phoes you MUST go to every handset and make changes -RRB- last but no least its super easy to synch the additional handsets with the base unit ... No answering machine in the unit means you have to have a phone service with that option -LRB- prcatically everyone has -RRB- ... Now here 's the ODD things that really bugged me but may not bother other people since , my son tells me it 's my own strange experience ... - My top grief with this sytem is that when you pick the handset up out of the cradle the keys and face DO NOT light up ! To get keys to light one has to push any button . . hey thats CRAZY ... I mean when you pick up the phone it 's to make a call , and it 's convenient in a dark room to have the keys light up . . C'mon UNIDEN why elese would I take the phone out of the cradle ??????? If I would have known this beforehand it may have been a reason for me to nix the purchase ... . so you new buyers beware ... - Also , when you pick up you MUST push a privacy button or else you can easily have three people answering the same call ... pretty primitive and I ca n't see myself pushing a privacy button for EVERY call ... Another aggravation for me ... - Hanging up can be tedious if you put the line on hold ... it will stay on hold even though you hang up unless you push the call end button ... you wont ever looose a hold call but what a pain . . - On the base unit to switch from handset to base unit speakerphone you have to -LRB- 1 -RRB- put call on hold -LRB- 2 -RRB- hang up unit -LRB- 3 -RRB- push the specific line on the base unit ... . on units that I used before all one had to do was puch 1 button for speaker and then hang up the unit ... All in all though , if you can live with the foibles , and dollar for dollar one of the best high quality 2 line units out today !!!!
 Yes , it is true the phone does not save a `` 1 '' in front of the CID area code . However , all you need to do when you pull up the CID number you want to dial is press '' * '' . That will force a `` 1 '' before the area code . Presto !
 I extensively tested multiple phones including this TRU8866 and the Panasonic KX-TG6502B which seem to be the 2 leading products on the market and the main difference is that the Panasonic is capable of making announcements to all the phones -LRB- e.g. a call to dinner which is broadcasted to all sets without them needing to pick up the set -RRB- but other then that the Uniden was just as good and is even more expandable . It also has the ability that you can take the set into the mall and use them as walkie-talkie . I decided fot the Uniden because it cost almost half compared to the Panasonic and have to say that I am extremely pleased with the quality . The speakerphone on all sets and the base-station is superb , the user interface -LRB- buttons -RRB- are placed very well and logically , the range is great within the whole house , no conflict with my computer network , etc. . In fact the quality of the base station speaker and microphone is even better then my expensive Polycom station which I will sell . As a 2 line phone with a nice size and form factor it is so far the best I have ever owned . I use it on my Voice over IP equipment and have 5 handsets throughout the whole house . Highly recommended .
 Overall , I have been pleased with this phone , particularly on usability and build quality . The interface is intuitive and easy to use . The range has been fine , with signal degradation only on the back balcony -LRB- only 40 feet away from the base station , but separated by a cumulative 8-10 feet of solid brick walls -RRB- . The handset speakerphone works very well and is a great feature . In short , I like this phone enough that I will buy an additional handset despite my minor complaints.My three issues that keep me from recommending this phone unconditionally -LRB- 5 stars instead of 4 -RRB- are the following : -LRB- 1 -RRB- as mentioned in a review I have read somewhere , the amount of your own voice that is fed back into your earpiece in the phone itself is higher than usual . This is very disconcerting , as you feel as though there is an echo even on a perfect quality line . Over time , I am getting used to this unusual phone behavior and I suspect at some point I will stop noticing it . Otherwise the voice quality of the handset is fine . -LRB- 2 -RRB- People that I have called using the phone have commented that I sound like I am in a tunnel , which leads me to believe that the microphone part of the handset is not delivering the best performance . The other party does seem to notice a lower voice quality than when I am talking on my old Panasonic Gigarange Extreme 2.4 Ghz phone . -LRB- 3 -RRB- The caller ID feature should be able to be -LRB- at least optionally -RRB- synchronized , so that clearing the caller ID list on one handset or the base does the same for the rest of the handsets or the base -LRB- as the case may be -RRB- . Having to manually delete the list twice is annoying -LRB- and that 's before investing in additional handsets ... -RRB- Pros : Build Quality , Straightforward User Interface , Handset SpeakerphoneCons : Minor voice quality issues
 Excellent voice quality and built . Good phone w all features , except does not have a speakerphone function on the handset -LRB- only on the base unit -RRB- . Hence 4 stars .
 This is a good phone . Great battery life , headset jack , caller ID . I bought this and another expandable handset and they were easy to sync .
 The phone is pretty good . I like the weight of it when I hold it . It has good sound quality . It 's a very good phone . I like that I can get an additional handset later on . : -RRB- The only thing that I do n't love about it , is the handset ring tone is either loud or off . I 'd like the ring tone to be quieter .
 I first purchased this phone and an extension phone 8 years ago and just started having problems this year . Because I have never had ANY problems with either of them I did n't even look into another brand . I have purchased the base unit and extension again because they both work very well.I did have one small quark ... the extension phone does n't fit in the cradle of the base unit so I was having problems getting it to sync or register . I called the company I purchase it from and they gave me the simple solution TAKE OFF THE BACK COVER and it will fit for the few seconds it needs to sync then use the charger unit that came with the extension . Other than that , I love it !
 This is a nice cordless phone , with good range and , importantly for me , two-line capability at a reasonable price.Cons
 The Uniden 2-line phone operates well and gives a clear signal . I do wish the keypad numbers were bigger since i sometimes need to wear my glasses when dialing . However , it has many features for speed/memory dialing which will assist in this area .
 Uniden TRU8866 5.8 GHz Digital Expandable 2-Line Cordless Speakerphone with Dual Keypads -LRB- Black -RRB- I have added 2 of the TCX905 handsets to this phone and it is simple to register each phone to this base unit as they are added . I love the 2-line usage I get and the feature that lets me copy every phonebook entry to each of the other handsets . My VOIP phone service gives me 2-lines and I use to have to run to my special room to answer the 2nd line if my wife was using the phone . This was too much torment and I missed a lot of calls by not timely getting to the dedicated phone that was hooked to the 2nd line . Now that half of my phones are now these 2-line sets , I can place and receive calls on both lines in any room . I never have to worry about my wife being on another phone . These will still work with 3 other single-line phones I have , totaling 6 phones in the house . My wife is still a little technically challenged and has n't given up either of her single-line phones . When the batteries go out on those she will have to start using the new TCX905 units because I will not replace the batteries . It is great to have the 2-line Uniden phones . I will add another one or two TCX905 handsets after those single-line phones die . These TCX905 handsets have a great price too , about as cheap as I can buy a replacement battery for any other phone I have . They 're loaded with lots of nice features like special ringtones for designated callers . The list goes on to fit all of the special features I have with my VOIP service .
 I have this just a few weeks and so far it works as expected so I 'm pleased with it .
 I bought this phone 2 months for use in India and did n't realize -LRB- before I purchased the phone -RRB- this works on 110/120v . Fortunately a transformer did the trick.The phone is compact and neat looking . The only thing I did n't like -LRB- so far -RRB- is that the display color on the phone is a horrific red . Usually displays are a mellow color -LRB- orange or light green -RRB- . Good phone at a good price .
 I 've always been impressed with Uniden products . Not the most popular brand name like a Panasonic or Sony . But always value-priced and well-made . This 2-line cordless phone is no exception . Has a nice array of features that are VERY easy to use . No need to spend a lot more on a Panasonic or AT&T setup . I needed a system with 4 handsets and probably saved $ 200 with the Unidens over the others .
 I did a lot of research for phones in this price range , and I LOVE this phone . I am on conference calls 4-5 hours a day , and I rarely fall below 2 bars -LRB- out of 3 -RRB- . The speaker phone is terrific as well , and the call history function is excellent , allowing you to scroll thru the last 50 or so calls that came in to you . The only thing I dont like about it is that it only saves the last 4-5 calls made , but this is a minor issue .
 Very nice design including an easy to use phonebook for storage and retrieval by name of frequently called numbers . Overall design and performance is very good . The only thing that I would like to see improved is the range away from the base . Its fine anywhere inside the house but once outside performance degrades quickly .
 We purchased this phone when my wife started working from home and required us to need two phone lines for our house . This expandable system has worked wonderfully , we now have 2 expansion units to go with this base unit , and have had no problems . The speaker phone works well - which my wife uses most of the day for work . We appreciate the voicemail notification light , just have to make sure and check our voicemail to make the light stop blinking at night . The buttons have a nice layout and just have nothing really negative to say about this system . Got the job done nicely for us .
 These phones are great . Super easy to set up and work really well in my big apt.The light up display and MUTE functions are nice so I can see the phone ringing without having to hear it ring.I can also see if someone is using the other line.So far so good !
 Excellent product . Does what it claims to do with exceptional voice clarity for a cordless phone .
 This is a great buy ! Great clarity . The features are endless . One of my favorites
 I paid a considerable amount of money for this phone system , but it was worth every penny . The phone -LRB- handsets -RRB- are small enough to put in my pocket . I always use a headset , so I walk around with the phone in my pocket and the headset on my head . I can look up phone numbers I 've stored in the phonebook -LRB- within the phone -RRB- . The phone is very clear . I can hear , and people can hear me with no static or interference.The Uniden TRU 8866 is an excellent phone system . The only thing that worries me is that phones become obsolete so quickly , I am afraid lightning might hit my base and then I would lose ALL my extension phones ; so I bought ANOTHER base -LRB- which I 'm storing for an emergency -RRB- . If my first base dies , I will just plug the other one in , re-set my extensions and keep going . I 've used these phones for over a year , and so far I have n't found anything negative to report . It gets a 5 star rating from me.Sherry Bailey
 It is better than my old Panasonic and I am satisfied with the product in all features and promisses from Uniden .
 We experienced the same problems everybody else is reporting about the short battery life . But it turns out that if you clean the contacts on the battery , the springs , and on the bottom of the phone with alcohol , and insert some cardboard between the non-contact end of the battery and the wall of the battery compartment -LRB- thereby pushing the battery into the springs with more force -RRB- , the battery problems go away . So , it 's not the battery , charger , or power-management software -- it 's just a mechanical problem.With that problem fixed , this is an excellent phone system . -LRB- By the way , we 're told that Uniden phones have excellent battery life . -RRB-
 I ca n't share enough of the positive things about this phone system . My husband and I are so pleased with it . Our favorite feature is the intercom system , which has been a lung-saver in our house -- allowing us to just call each other rather than roam around the house and holler.I find other comments about battery life unfounded , and wonder if these individuals had the phone on `` booster '' -- which , if you read the manual , will improve your signal but drain the battery quickly . I have yet to experience the need to put the phone on booster -LRB- and we live in a rural area -RRB- , and have not had a battery run dead while talking . I usually recharge the phones every 2-3 days.I also like the fact that the handset comes with a speaker phone . A great feature when trying to manage the kids , dinner and talk.The ringer selections are great too -- providing a wide variety . -LRB- Finally a phone that does n't jolt you out of a deep sleep ! -RRB- Program your phone numbers in one phone and press just a couple buttons to transfer that directory to another . No more searching for the address book!Reception has been flawless . Operation and programing easy , easy , easy . This one is a must buy !
 Like other reviews , I will complain that the battery life with the standard NiCad battery is not good , and the battery eventually fails prematurely . However , there are NiMh batteries with much better life and excellent performance available . I bought some energizer model no . ER-P511 and they work just great . They are drop-in replacements for the Panasonic handsets .
 I have used many brands of cordless telephones and find the Panasonic Model KX-TGA2700 Expandable base and the Panasonic Model KX-TGA270S Cordless Phone Handset to be very good . I have not experienced any of the problems that Mr. Naduwilage has encountered , although I have not tried the headset feature.Overall , I have find the performance to be excellent , the features convenient and the price acceptable . I am ordering another handset today .
 I 've had these phones for about three years and love them . I have computer wireless G , Bluetooth devices , and a host of other radio emitting devices and have never had a problem . I live in Florida and often roam the yard while on the phone . I can walk an easy hundred feet from the base set before static becomes audible . I converted to Vonage about a year ago and have this system is plugged into that , still flawless and without issue . The only issue is with the batteries , which is why I stopped at four stars . Throw away the batteries that come with the phone ! You will see this common thread with other Panasonic phone owners . The Energizer ER-P511 battery will give you double if not triple the talk/standby time and last years instead of months .
 The ONLY problem with this phone is the battery provided with it . I own thee phones operating on one base station , and as soon as I bought the phones , replaced the batteries with Energizer ER-P511 Nickel Metal Hydride batteries , have had the batteries for two years , and they 're still going strong.The features of this phone are fabulous ! Especially the two line feature , and able to playback messages remotely . Phone works like a charm . Just replace the batteries as soon as you buy it . It 's worth it .
 I have this system in my house , and it is a tremendous convenience for me . With a 1940 's era home , there are very few telephone jacks in the house , and having these plug in base stations where I need a phone are great . I do n't have to spring for new wiring , have ugly cords draped everywhere , or wait for the phone company to come out to put in new jacks . I can move the satellite phones around based on my needs , like a guest staying over , working on projects in the garage , etc. . Yes , the batteries they ship with suck ; I reordered a replacement GE Ni-Cad battery and have lots of talk and standby time now . I like being able to listen to messages on my base from the satellite phones . Amazon even provides you with a quick link for buying an Energizer $ 11 replacement battery ! I do have an occasional call drop , but oddly this happens when I am closer to the base phone . This phone was not designed for commercial or business use , it is a home consumer product and should be judged as such .
 The origianl phone I purchased had a problem with battery life . This one is and extension to a set we already own . No problems with it to date . Great for 3-level house , becuase we have a cordless on each level .
 I bought the KX-TG2740S many months ago but I did n't buy any of the extensions at that time because of my concern over the battery life as reported by many . I have had no problems - recharge the battery in the handset every second or third or fourth day , as needed . It gives plenty of warning when the battery is failing -LRB- I look at that little graphic symbol to see where the charge is - one bar and I put it on the base before I go to bed to recharge -RRB- . Since I 've encountered no problems at all with the base or its ' handset , I 'm now buying a couple of the extensions . If they give me any problems , I 'll let you know .
 Purchased this as a replacement for a wireless multi handset set-up from Siemens . Works very well . Good value compared to others . Recommended .
 I too like many other have experienced horrible battery problems with this phone . After some investigating , I found that the solution for my problem was inserting a piece of cardboard into the top of the battery compartment to forcibly push the battery against the springs . Since that , I have had no more charging problems .
 This is a great cordless phone . You can have up to 8 including the base . We have 7 and it does n't effect their use at all . You can page each other from room to room which is nice when you live in a 3 story house ! The price is right too .
 This is an excellent product . Easy to set up . It makes life more convenient , especially in that one can connect two people in a residence of three floors without shouting .
 I bought this handset to replace one that had been dropped one too many times . Phone system works great .
 I purchased a total of 4 phones and a base station in this series . The system works very well and I would recommed it if there were not better options out there.The sound quality was very good as were the menus on the phone and base unit . I would have kept the system , but I was having on-going issues with my wifi network and a friend suggested the phone system was the problem . I disconnected all of the phones and presto , my wifi worked better and faster.I had other issues as well . The display on one phone fogged up when left on a cold window sill , and another one cracked when dropped . I was n't surprised by the cracked display because the phone fell off a counter onto a tile floor , still , I ca n't help but think they should have designed the phone to take a 4 foot drop.I replaced my system with a new Panasonic 5.8 ghz system . Personally , I liked this older phone system better . I think it has better sound quality , but I did n't want to keep dealing with intermittant wifi issues and I had to buy 2 new phones anyway .
 I love the fact that it does not need a phone jack to work .
 I purchased the Panasonic KX-TGA270S phone and base through amazon . Its the perfect solution for a small business -LRB- less than 8 employees -RRB- . Once we received the system , we eliminated our in office intercom system and our answering service . The saving begin here , I only wish we had bought this system earlier .
 Telephone reception is fine . The numbers separating this 2-line phone are so what small . I have not read the lengthy manual yet . It appears to have many features . Comfortable to hold . appearance goes great with my decor . We will probably purchase additional phones for other rooms in the house if this continues to perform well .
 I really recommend !!! I 've purchased it to include the extension in my office and it worked just fine .
 Just make sure you keep the phone in cradle when not in use ... batteries not REAL long-life .
 Cordless phone is excellent . Works great with base phone . -LRB- Older Panasonic phone so price should be less , but I was happy just to find the compatible extension phone that works with my older base . -RRB-
 With a couple of corrections of the first review , I 'd like to make sure that it 's known that Queen Mary did not commission this dollshouse . It was the original brain child of the Princess Marie Louise , who spearheaded the creation of the house . Queen Mary was `` extremely surprised '' but agreed . The initial shell of the house was erected in Lutyen 's office , then removed to the drawing room of his house in Mansfield Street in London.It was unveiled to the press , once completed , in the Mansfield Street house , then moved and reconstructed in the Palace of Arts at Wembley . It went from there to Windsor Castle , then to an exhibition at Olympia . In February of 1925 , the house was returned to Windsor Castle . The Daily Mail donated a glass case through which we can now view the dollshouse in Windsor Castle.This wonderful book has photographs of the letters written by Princess Marie Louise to all the firms and manufacturers involved in the dollshouse creation , as well as numerous photographs of the interior and furnishings . Pictures of tiny dollshouse ledgers , keys , and even a garden snail grace this book .
 After searching the web for other sources for this model phone , I went with Amazon and it 's supplier . The phone is a perfect match to the rest of our system -LRB- four stations -RRB- . The quality is good-as-new -- no difference in quality or features that I could find . After the initial 24-hour charge time , the handset has been in regular use without a problem . Three cheers and five stars to the company that refurbishes these phones !
 We purchased this 2 line system after buying a v-tech and seimans which were a nightmare . We expanded to 7 handsets in early 2002 . Initially , we had the same battery poor performance issues and we upgraded to the NIMH . What a difference ! This phone system has been fantastic . Sound quality is great , distance fantastic , absolutely a super buy . We are just now having a button stick on one handset which gets constant use from our in-home small business . I just found out it can be repaired for dollars . While these handsets are starting to show some wear , I will not replace until I absolutely have to - it is that good ! We tried a couple of other multi-line wireless units before buying this panasonic kx-tga270s and almost gave up on having a wireless option which would work throughout our 3 story home . But this did and we could not be happier ! If anyone has purchased a newer sleeker system which works as well , I would love to hear from you . I would love to get a newer look , but scared it will never work as well as this system does . 8 years and still amazing !
 Great product . I have already 6 extensions and they all work perfectly at home . Maximum 8 . Gustavo -LRB- from Brazil -RRB-
 I 've had this phone system for a few years and think it is terrific . I 've had little problem with the battery life . After a year I just replace the battery and it seems like a new phone again . The sound quality is great . It makes life easier to put additional phone extensions in areas where you have no phone outlet . I just purchased my sixth handset so I can have phone access throughout my house .
 In my opinion , best cordless Panasonic ever made . Purchased this to expand an existing system . Good price , good delivery , as promised .
 These phones were exactly what we were looking for . It is nice to have a phone in more than one room without needing a phone jack .
 We have used this Panasonic phone for several years . Have not had any problems so far . Works really well !
 I have owned several previous Panasonic 's before , and this one is by far the best yet . The user interface is more intuitive , the sound quality is great , and after about a year I have yet to drop a call . As for the battery , I have not timed the battery life , but have had no problems on any of my 3 extensions . I have had absoultley no reliability problems . I especially appreciate the ease in copying the phone number list between the different extensions .
 This is a excellent product . However , the phone I received did not work correctly because it was defective . I returned it for replacement , but was told that it could not be replaced because your supplier no longer had it available . I was not happy when I received less than the full price refunded to me by Amazon . It was not my fault that the product was defective . I was pleased with Amazon 's service up to that point , but will think extra hard if and when ordering from Amazon again . I can understand a restocking fee for any other return reason than a defective item .
 Okay , I admit it
 It seems that I have been buying a new phone every year trying to find one that does everything well . I can finally stop my search , this Panasonic fits the bill . The sound quality is superb , on the handset , speakerphone , and headset . I have yet to have an unclear conversation due to signal strength . My only two criticisms concernsthe ergodynamics of the phone , but that is a problem with the entire segment and the caller ID menu has one layer too many . I have not had any of the problems that the previous reviewer had .
 the phone is great it has some nice features which you can see on the panasonic site . i would like to use this review to explain why amazon is the best and the most dependant merchant out there.i bought this phone to gift it to a relative.however when i got the phone i just gift packed it and gave ti to my relative as a gift.when he tried to use it he said that the docking base did not power up.i immidiately contacted amazon about this issue also mentioning how upset i was.amazon being the great vendor it is immidiately processed a full refund of my account.i was plesantly suprised by their candid and hassle free response.i am now a devote follower and referrer of amazon who i think has the best customer service.i must mention that when i buy a product from amazon i make sure that it is sold by them and not by some other vendor on amazon.not sure of how well that works .
 I own 4 of these phones , and I have been very satisfied with them . I replace the batteries about once every 2 years . The range on the phones is excellent , as I have 4 floors in my house , and the base is located in the top floor office . I use the phones with Optimum Voice and it is ideal for VOiP . There is no interference with my wireless router which is also broadcasting at 2.4 Ghz . The speaker phone on each hand set is excellent , as is the speaker phone on the base . Only downside is that you have to program each handset with the preset numbers . It would be nice to have the base hold those numbers and automatically update the handsets . The phone has a great feature where numbers can be added to presets from the caller id log . Adding new phones to the network is simple . I think all you have to do is drop the phone into the base once , and it is automatically registered with a designated number . Like I said , I have 4 floors in my house , so the intercom feature is very useful . All you have to do is punch in the other phone 's identity number to use the intercom . I believe you can add up to 8 handsets.Overall , the phone is great . There are more expensive and newer phones out there , but I have no plan to upgrade at the moment .
 I have been using this system in my business for quite a few years now . Both of my handsets were giving me a problem because the number keys had basically worn out from use , and so I started shopping for a new system . I tested pretty well all of the new systems currently available , including Panasonic 's , and was surprised and disappointed to discover that none of them had more than half the range from the base unit as my trusty old 270S 's did!Since the base unit of the system still functions perfectly , I was very happy to discover that handsets for the system are still available , and so I replaced the worn out ones with two new ones.I can not understand why none of the new systems perform as well as this old one , and am not used to electronics communications technology going backwards , but it seems that it has . I am afraid that Panasonic has probably stopped making these or will stop making them soon . It will be unfortunate because they are so much better than anything else that is currently available .
 I would highly recommend the Panasonic phones . They have great sound strong signal . Love the phone locater to find the phones only problem I have with the phone is I lose them and the pager does n't work since we do n't notice the phone is missing until a day or two later , We work from our home and have over four phones spread through out the house and office .
 This Panasonic phone is excellent . It allows up the 8 handsets with the base station -LRB- station 0 -RRB- being the 9th extension . The system has a number of features including an intercom feature which is very useful . The system is hard to find . I was happy to see that I could get a replacement extension from Amazon . The only issue I 've had with the phone is that their is no documentation on how to remove a handset . A call to the help line resolved this problem quickly . You need to know how to do this if you 've got 8 handsets and one of them breaks and needs to be replaced . The phone still works after it 's been dropped in the swimming pool but not well :--RRB- !
 I can sympathize with the people who have had battery problems , as I had to replace the battery in my KX-TG2730S base unit not to long after I bought it.I have had one of the KX-TGA270S extensions since last year and have n't had a problem with it . I 'm going to be ordering 2 more.The only gripe I have about these phones is that I 'm not crazy about the cheap looking silver paint -LRB- I do n't like the white either -RRB- , and I wish the directories were one button accessible .
 Maybe they do n't have realistic expectations , I have owned this phone for more than a month , and have not had any problems . The battery lasts well , the base is easy to use . I would and have reccommended this phone to others .
 i was just reading the reviews on this panasonic Chordless phone system . I have owned this system for several years now and I have not had one bit of a problem . It is a great system , having good range , of course I do n't chat for hours on end while on the phone either . -LRB- If you are an extended chatter I suggest going to a chorded phone system ! -RRB- The battery life has never caused an Issue with me . I realize Duh ! that batteries do not last forever , so I use this product for short calls . for extended calls I use a wired phone . I also have a WiFi system and this phone has never interfered with the operation of the WiFi.On all I rate this Panasonic System superb !
 I have had this system for abt 5 years now . last year , I added another handset . Never had any issue with this system .
 I ALREADY HAD THE BASE UNIT AND ONE EXTENSION . THE EXTENSION PHONE BROKE SO I BOUGHT A UNIDEN SET WHAT A MISTAKE . SO I BOUGHT ANOTHER KX-TGA270S EXTENSION WORKS GREAT IN MULTI LEVEL HOME AND OUTDOORS . I AM GOING TO GET AN OTHER ONE .
 Except for the unit 's orginal Ni-Cad power supply , this is an excellent product . I knew what to expect as this was an addition to the system which I already had . You know , if you were to go to Panasonic for a replacement battery -LRB- as I have for my original unit -RRB- , they would provide a Ni-H battery rather than the very unreliable Ni-Cad one . Therefore , I was rather surprised that the Ni-Cad one was still being used in the cordless phone wich I purchased . Furthermore , Amazon must have obviously been aware of that battery 's deficiencies , because why else would they have strongly recommended the Energizer ER-P511 Ni-H battery as accessory to the new cordless phone unit . I would have thought that Amazon , knowing the Ni-Cad was unsatisfactory , would have at least provided the Ni-H at something less than full price .
 I have owned this phone system for about 3 years , had to replace one unit that broke from an accident . I have worked in a major retail establishment for 14 years and always recommend Panasonic to my customers from my own experience . After trying out many different manufactures over the years , Panasonic consistently comes out on top . My only compliant is the batteries do not last very long and are inconsistent in their life . One phone has had 3 batteries in 3 years and that seems a little excessive . But , the quality of the phone outweighs this inconvenience and I still recommend it .
 I received the Base unit and an extra handset for Christmas . We liked it so well , we quickly decided to replace all old handsets . Now using base and 4 other handsets.I love the intercom feature , and that you can easily see who is assigned which intercom number . Also I was able to enter and name each phone extension . Also like the feature of different ring tones for frequent incoming numbers , and the voice announcement of who is calling.They supply the disc , and you can set up phones from computer , which is nice , but I wanted some instructions to program handsets from the handset , and there are no instructions anywhere for this . Only instructions for installation and setup.I like the shape , and being able to lay it down on face , without interfering with function.Easily the best phone I have ever used .
 We have used this phone -LRB- with one extension -RRB- for about 3 years and we recently moved to a new house and needed an additional extension . The phone is excellent and we did not hesitate to buy another extension . In our former house we had two lines and this phone handled two lines easily and without complication . In our new house we only have one line but the phone works easily and well on a sinlgle line system . On our first purchase one of the batteries failed in a few months and Panasonic replaced it under warranty with no trouble .
 We have the base unit and 4 additional stations for a total of five phones and have never had a problem with reception , quality , or interference with the wireless network at home.The only drawback is that it only holds 50 names & numbers in the address book and sending single updates to the other phone , while and absolutely awesome capability , is somewhat kludgy to perform.This system has worked great for us , I recommend it .
 Easy to use and expand as necessary , only draw back is the battery life .
 Excellent sound quality , seamless integration into my existing Panasonic KX phone system . I have had no battery problems in over a year of use . I highly recommend this extension unit and the Panasonic KX system for those who want a simple and expandable cordless phone system .
 I have had this system with 7 extensions for roughly three years . Unfortunately , the batteries must be replaced every 14 months or so . However , the system excels in every other regard . Reception is static free and crystal clear - better than some corded phones I have had . And while I have not researched the market lately , at the time I bought this system , it was the only 2.4 Ghz or better system on the market that could accomodate 2 phone lines on a multiphone cordless system . Fearing that if the base station ever broke , I would have flushed about $ 700 down the toilet , I actually bought a second base station which still sits in its box in my closet , since the original base station has performed without a hitch . The ability to transmit stored phone numbers or entire phone lists from one handset to the others is a nice feature . This system also allows for conference calling , separate voicemail boxes , and many features that I have never even bothered to learn to use . To me , the many pluses make it worth the investment in replacement batteries , which can always be found relatively chep on the web .
 We purchased the Panasonic cordless phone system with 4 handsets in October 2002 . Being at home all day I use all 4 handsets about equally multiple times per day . Unlike other reviewers I have not had problems with calls being jeopardised by short battery life on a regular basis but I do recharge each handset every day . However the batteries needed replacing in August 2003 and now again I have had to order new batteries after just over a year . It does get rather expensive - I have paid around $ 12 per battery online.Apart from concern about the longevity of the battery I am happy with the system - answering machine works well , good call quality , no intereference , etc. I just wonder if other -LRB- newer -RRB- technology might have better battery life .
 This phone is exactly what I was looking for -- speaker phone in the handset , mute button , good sound quality . Very happy with it . No battery problems at all -LRB- as some have mentioned -RRB- , so maybe Panasonic has fixed this .
 I have to agree that the battery life leaves a little more to be desired . I bought the system , with 5 extra handsets , and I found myself switching handsets mid-conversation . I did charge for 15 hrs b4 , and no luck . I bought all new batteries at a battery store , and have had great great working time since . The phones , wow , intercom , monitor , pager , and it works with the booster feature to the corner of the street . They also work as 2 way radios away from the base . I am sold on the product , Loved it since replacing the battery .
 This phone is the best there is ... all the features you want and more ... and its clear as a bell . No problems with wireless networks either . It costs the most but its worth it just not to have to return all the other junk phones out there .
 Used these phones for a while . Arrived in a timely and efficient manner . Product is as described . I enjoy it .
 Im never above saying thank you or being humbled when a concern i have is offered a favorable conclusion . My earlier review expressed total honesty at being shocked that this cordless phone was ` offered ' minus its docking station . I realized the ` fault ' was mine for not ` reading ' the full description , however , i just had to express my dismay.To find that this seller had sent me the docking station left me jaw dropped for hours.I am MOST grateful for this consideration . THANK YOU does not seem enough , but in the world of technological exchange , its all i have . My appreciation knows no other way but to state it here ... THANK YOUI received the order . it is disappointing that the item was pictured with a docking station but not included . The decision to buy this item was done quickly and the ` disclaimer ' of ` handset only ' was only now realized by me . I see no purpose to selling an item without this viable part . Buyer beware - its like a selling a hand with no fingers .
 This handset arrived promptly and was exactly as represented . I am delighted with it.All that was needed was an overnight charge before it was user ready .
 I have owned this phone for over 5 years . I love it !! The features are perfect for me . I use the speaker phone all the time . The feature for a hands free hand set is my favorite because I enjoy talking on the phone . I have five cordless extensions throughout my home . It has two phone lines and an intercom system which we use all the time . I have left my phone outside in the rain , lost for a week and when we located it -LRB- with phone locating feature -RRB- charged it and it was still working . I do agree with the short battery life . That easy to rectify . Replace them with Energizer nickel metal hydride batteries . This is an old model but the new ones have less features . I do find it a bit pricey but it works for me .
 We were so happy to replace a cordless handset that had worn out . Amazon got us connected to a dealer who still had replacements 10 years after we purchased it .
 These are great phones , I have used them for years and adding a phone with out runnnig wires is so easy , works great as well
 I just purchased the TGA2740 -LRB- the 2-line version of the TGA2730 -RRB- and am very happy with my purchase . I bought this system to replace the Siemens Gigaset system that I had been using . The sound quality on the phones is tremendous and the built-in speaker phone is fantastically convenient . I only see one other review for this product here , but I am not finding the same issues with the product that the other reviewer noted . I would highly recommend this phone system to anyone looking for an affordable , expandable cordless system . The only area for opportunity that I could offer Panasonic is to allow one to `` name '' the extension handsets -LRB- i.e. `` Kitchen '' , `` Living Room '' , etc -RRB- instead of having to remember which extension number corresponds to which cordless handset .
 Great 2.4 GHz phone system . Expandable to 8 units . Have had for years and just replaced a few phones that we beat up over time . Low cost alternative to the 5.8 GHz phones .
 I had the whole Panasonic cordless system with 3 handsets . One broke so I was thrilled that I could replace just the handset . It arrived in a timely fashion and was exactly what I wanted , ordered , and expected .
 Quick response/delivery of phone . It works perfectly with the rest of the phone system . I 'll be buying more through Amazon because they are not sold any more in the stores . I 'm extremely happy with the phone and service !
 Over the past 17 years of living in my home I have gone through quite a few different phones , since I originally purchasing the main Panasonic KX phone and 2 remote handsets all I have had to do is replace the batteries about every 18 months . I can carry the phone outside and over to the neighbors 200 ft away from the base and still have good service . I absolutely do not look forward to the day this system needs to be upgraded . At this time I can only think of one reason other than physical damage to the base that this system would have to be replaced and that is when our BIG BROTHER ALL KNOWING GOVERNMENT decides to switch frequency usage . Example as in the Digital TV industry . Sometime in 2009 half of the TV 's out there in homes will not get any signal -LRB- without adding a box which of course OUR GOVERNMENT will get a chunk of change from most all of us .
 What ever you have read before just disregaurd it . I have had this phone for 2 months now and the CID has always registered on the second ring . I have left the phone off the base unit and have had no batteries going dead . i have a panasonic splash proff and the same goes for that . Its just one great phone . Panasonic has come up with a great system here and because certain people cry because it dont meet their every demand complain . All I can say is just let them find a better phone then this and post it here . If you want a phone that lives up to its name then shop no longer then this phone . In most places you have 30 days to return it and believe me you wont return this phone for any reason unless your a total jerk
 With conference facility etc , I find it hard to belive there is no mute on this phone . I use the mute geature a lot for conf calls and I think ATT 2255 is a better model with mute .
 I PURCHASED THIS PHONE BECAUSE IT IS EXPANDABLE AND THE BOX STATES THAT `` ONE HANDSET IS INCLUDED '' . THE MISLEADING STATEMENT ON THE BOX LEAD ME TO BELIEVE THAT IT CAME WITH ONE OF THE EXPANDABLE HANDSET.THE ONE HANDSET THATS INCLUDED IS THE ONE THAT GOES ON THE BASE UNIT WHICH EVERY CORDLESS PHONE COMES WITH.I YOU PURCHASE THIS MODEL EXPECTING THE EXTRA HANDSET THAT MAKES IT EXPANDABLE YOU 'LL NEED TO PURCHASE THE EXTRA HANDSET SEPARATELY .
 It does n't take long to figure out that the new Panasonic Cordless packs a punch . In the words of Molvania 's own techno-pop duo , Zlad ! , this phone is `` Electronik - Supersonik '' Here , check it out for yourself!www.molvania.com / video_medium_2 . htmlPros
 I just purchased this phone a few months ago and it has worked great . The answering maching works better then any other one i have ever had and it allows you to check your messages when you are not home . The caller ID works everytime although sometimes it will say `` out of area '' . The range on the phone is incredible , I can walk down my street with it and the words are still loud and clear , although i do live on a very short street . The earpiece on the handset is louder then on any other cordless phone i hvae had , and it also allows you to check your massages from your handset . I also like how you can add up to 8 handsets and you dnt have to plug them into phone jack , only a power outlet . Also , within the handsets you also have an intercom system so u can get someones attention onthe other side of the house . With the battery on the phone , it is like a 50/50 chance that you will get a good battery . I bought the phone in radio shack and got a phone with a lousy battery . I brought it back and they gave me a replacement which made the phone the phone great .
 I currently own the KX-TG2000B , panasonic 's previous attempt at a business/soho phone that was too businessee and had sound issues . I 've been testing this one for a while and it rocks.If you are used to being able to call screen from your handset -LRB- a feature we sorely missed on the TG2000B -RRB- , here is a work around.Set the base to allow room monitoring . When the phone rings , use a handset to monitor the base -LRB- extension 0 , not 1 which is the handset associated with the base -RRB- . You can hear the caller and then press the line 1 button to get them online or ignore the call . The trick is you must press the keys for monitoring while your answering machine message is being hear . This is AFTER the phone has stopped ringing , but before the person starts leaving a message . We have added several seconds of silence to the end of our outgoing message to ensure we can monitor in this manner . If you have caller id this may not be an issue - however , many caller id numbers are not recognizable if you are getting a return call from a business or have family that has private number or do n't feel like paying -LSB- price -RSB- per year to have the feature .
 works what more do you want . . a ok no problems , and a lot of wasted space here to write a lot about nothing
 My mother who now has dymentia and is soon to be 85 years young , had used the Panasonic phone that was purchased for probably 15 years at least . The phone recieved a power surge and burned out the base unit . I had tried different new phones with her but she could not make the change . I desparately needed to find a phone like her existing Panasonic . I was very happy to have found it on Amazon . Even though it is refurbished it still works well for her and she can continue using it like she did in the past . Shipping was timely and so far I am very happy with my purchase .
 I bought this phone as a refurbished -LRB- used -RRB- model off Amazon about three years ago . It still works perfectly and I use it as my home office phone .
 I have almost owned this product for more than a year . Works perfectly , Nice features , Handy to use and looks great with low cost . Do n't have second thoughts in buying it . Go for it !!!
 This phone system is great for me . I had the same battery problem as other folks , but replaced the batteries in both handsets . I let the charge run completely down so the screen is blank and then charge the batteries as per instructions . If it does n't work next time , I 'll just replace the batteries . It may just be the battery . The answer part is great in taking messages and recording . Speaker phone is also very good . Good to very good range on the handsets . Great produce overall .
 I bought this phone from amazon . It works very well . No problems since the past 30 days that I have bought it and started using it . The price was great . . Will recommend this product .
 I like it very much . However , the displayed screen on the based unit is rather small . I bought the KX-TG2740 model for my parents because it has a larger area display on the base . I like the speaker phone which allowed me to talk within 4ft with crystal clear quality . It also has the speaker phone on the handset too which allowed me to move about without carrying the base with me . It would be perfect if it could be louder . Overall It is the best phone that I have ever bought .
 I am very happy with this Panasonic phone . We bought one for our kitchen and ended up ordering six more additional handsets for all around the house and garage . I like being able to program it from the base and answer with speaker phone on the base or handset -- very convenient . There are tons of features that I still need to figure out how to use ! To sum it up , the phone is an all-around great value .
 I recently purchased this phone system -LRB- along with two additional handsets -RRB- to replace our 900mhz cordless phones . Set up is simple , entering names / # 's in the phone book is straightforward , and streaming the phone book entries to other handsets is awesome . Intercom feature works very well . I have n't found the batteries to be an issue like others have , but I tend to keep the phones on the base when not actively in use . Hopefully my good luck continues !
 I 've had a cordless phone in one incarnation or another since the late 70 's / early 80 's , and this phone is by far the most superior in almost every way . Let 's get down to the important features :1 . Range -- I just returned 2 V-Tech 2.4 Ghz phones for their incredible lack of range . My new Panasonic has a good signal over 300 feet away from the base . My V-tech , a dismal 50 feet .2 . Sound quality -- this phone has no static , and the sound quality of the receiver and the digital answering machine are great .3 . Ease of Use -- all the buttons look intimidating at first , but this phone helps walk you through the more daunting tasks , and was easy to set up the directory on the handset . Speaking of which , a feature you 'll absolutely love if you add additional handsets -- the ability to transfer your directory from one phone to the next in seconds ! Way cool ! 4 . Expandability -- this system allows you to add up to 8 phones . And each phone can be programmed to be a room monitor , a great feature if you ca n't figure out why no one answers from the family room -LRB- because the tv is too loud -RRB- , or to listen in on the baby 's room .5 . Customizable -- the phones can be customized by color -LRB- you can buy 3 different colors of handsets -RRB- , and each handset has 6 different ringer styles -LRB- one very cool two tone ring that is very quiet and nice for a bedroom -RRB- . Bottom line , this is the best phone system I 've ever had . Comparable in price to the V-Tech line , but with much better quality throughout ! Only gripe -- it needs battery backup on the main unit during a power outage . Otherwise , great job Panasonic !
 I have been using Panasonic phones for a long time . They are very good quality both in voice and build . I recently moved to a 4-bedroom house from an apartment . Getting phones in different places in the house was really tough especially when there are no phone outlets in all the places that I want a phone . Another problem is that they ca n't share the same phone directory . I was going to get other multi-handset systems like Siemens , Vtech , or the old Panasonic system . However , they only allow up to 4 phones . When I first saw that this can expand up to 8 phones , it just fits my bill ! The price is right and the quality is again superb . I only got the base for now and ca n't wait to get the other supplement phones . Unlike competitors , the supplement phones have different varieties to choose from.The only complain -LRB- minor -RRB- is that the base does not have a headset jack . Other than that , this is a great phone ! It might not be as sytlish as the Siemens system . But for the price and expandability , this is the way to go . Highly recommended .
 This is a great phone . Even if you do n't plan on buying additional handsets , the multitude of features in this Panasonic make it a great buy . It has great batterylife and range -LRB- a `` Booster '' feature is included that will extend the range and improve clarity even further at the expense of using a little extra battery power -RRB- . Sound quality is also very good , and speakerphone on the base and handset are very useful.Another great feature is the room monitor , which allows the user to listen to what is going on in a room in which a headset or base is located from another headset or the base.The answering machine mailboxes can be checked from each handset and not just the base -LRB- in fact , pretty much everything can be done from headsets since the phone was made to operate with up to 8 handsets -RRB- . Additionally , if you have 2 or more handsets you can use them as 2-way radios even if the base is out of range . All in all , a great phone in which I have not yet found any flaws -LRB- I have been using it for 3 weeks -RRB- . P.S.
 This phone is great -LRB- and NOTE
 So many people have complained about short battery life , I felt it was necessary to post some basic information about the Ni-Cad batteries used by this phone : `` Ni-Cad has a chemistry-related problem known as `` Memory Effect '' , which limits the discharge capacity of the cell if it is not completely discharged during each use . `` This means that in order to maximize the battery life , you need to :1 -RRB- fully charge the battery for at least 15 hours before using handset for the first time -LRB- you only have to do this once -RRB- 2 -RRB- do NOT put the handset back in the cradle unless the battery is almost dead . This means putting the handset in the cradle ONLY WHEN NECESSARY for charging . The longer you can wait before recharging the batteries , the longer they will last.It really is a shame that panasonic did n't use another -LRB- better -RRB- battery type , but that does n't mean that you ca n't enjoy acceptable battery life ... it just means you have to follow the two steps above . Once I got used to leaving the handset off the cradle , I realized it was much handier not feeling that I had to put the phone in the cradle all the time to `` top off '' the battery.For $ 30 -LRB- shipped , after $ 40 panasonic rebate -RRB- , if you need a new cordless phone/answering system/caller ID box , this is a great deal and ca n't be beat!Edit
 Just got this phone over the weekend . I was ready to buy the Siemens , but after reading the reviews I decided to go with this Panasonic instead . It has everything I need and -LRB- so far -RRB- works very well with excellent range . I bought the base plus two extra handsets , including the alarm clock version.Likes :1 . Very easy to use . I was surprised by the LCD prompts , which are very useful . My ten year old already can transfer calls and use the voicemail .2 . Three voicemail boxes .3 . Ability to transfer a caller into voicemail . If you have trouble getting messages from family members this is the phone for you .4 . Intercom and room monitor features .5 . Program your fifty number memory and then transfer them to each of your handsets automatically .6 . Speakerphone on each handset.Dislikes :1 . The ringers could be a little louder .2 . While I like silver , white and neon blue as much as the next person , I would like a more subdued color choice in my phones.Regards .
 I read many of the reviews here and at several other locations regarding the VTech VT2461 and the Panasonic KX-TG2730S and the camps seemed to be very divided . You loved one and hated the other . So I took a chance , and bought them both ! My plan was to figure out which one was better and return the other . For me , the VTech is on it 's way back . It is not that I did n't like the phone , I just think in my side-by-side one week test , the Panasonic is better.The VTech is less substancial than the Panasonic and just seemed less well built and the answering machine was harder to understand than the Panasonic . However , I did not have any of the `` white noise '' issues I read about but that could be because I live in a pretty rural area with little interference . The hand unit is much smaller than the Panasonic , which I found with 2 kids made it easier to lose , also the speaker was in a funny location and I had to position it on my ear in an uncomfortable location . The phone is very modern looking and seemed more at home in a contemporary , chrome New York apartment than my country kitchen . I will admit that it is very easy to set up but not quite what this red-neck was looking for in features , feel and functionality.Which leads me to the Panasonic KX-TG2730S . Very nice phone ! The set up was a little more time consuming but worth the investment . The reception and sound is great and after 2 weeks , I still have not had to recharge the phone . What battery problem ? The first time I lost a bar on the battery indicator was when I programmed 50 telephone numbers into the handset after using it for 3 days . Now do n't think I took it easy on this phone , I alternated between it and the VTech for incoming and outgoing calls and we make and receive lots of calls at my house.So to recap , the VTech is a good phone but not what I would call a family phone it is less rugged , easier to lose , and the sound on the answering machine too digital and harder to understand , and the look is too modern . I did not notice the `` white noise '' problem on this phone.The Panasonic was the full featured phone I was looking for that met my needs and my families needs . So if you are considering these two phones , I hope this helps
 I 've had this phone for about a year now and I still love it and all it can do ; I just bought one the expandable phones to go with it . Replaced the battery a month ago , old one worked well , just got old . Bought a generic long life one for cheap online to replace , works excellent ! I also love the look of this phone , people notice it and admire it !
 i have been a loyal customer for Panansonic phones . Recently , my old panasonic phone 's battery just died . I found out a new replacement battery will cost me $ 10.99 , and buying my current phone after rebate will only cost me $ 32 flat , therefore i decided to purchase this new phone . it has all the features that i need digital answer machine with 3 mail boxes , speakers and dial pads on both the base and the headset . Also , the speakers quality are superior , very clear . definitely worth your consideration .
 Ive had this phone since I came out and its worked really well . Battery life really isnt an issue for me since I dont use it for hours at a time . I make my call , get off and toss it back on the charger . The speaker phone is a handy feature along with the base station phone . I still am using the original battery after 4 months . Its worked for me .
 For the money , I 'm sure you could find a better basic cordless phone ... although this one is pretty rich with features
 I recently purchased this answering system along with two Panasonic KX-TGA272S 2.4 GHz Cordless Expandable Handsets with Caller ID and Alarm Clock and five Panasonic KX-TGA271W 2.4 GHz Expandable Handsets . I like the feature that allows the base system to expand to accommodate eight phones . The multiple functions , and there are many , are easy to use and the phone is very simple to program . My only complaints are that one can not monitor incoming calls and the battery life is anemic . Even though all the phones have caller ID I would still prefer to be able to monitor incoming calls . This is a terrific system for those who need phones in multiple rooms but do not want additional phone jacks iinstalled .
 Great reception everywhere in the house . Not a bit of static or buzz . There are even more features to this phone than listed . With the additional handsets , there is a 2-way radio option , room monitor , intercom , call transfering between extentions , individual rings , call hold ... the list goes on . The base is a separate extention . The phones have a nice sturdy feel/weight . I did a lot of research on the internet before purchasing this phone . Most reviews raved about this phone and they were all right . I could n't be any happier with my purchase .
 This phone is great -LRB- and NOTE
 I bought this phone for 32 bucks through edealinfo promotion with out reading the reviews . After I purchased , my friend told me about the horror stories about how screwy the battery is including his own experience . But my experience so far has been great . Just remember to charge this phone for 15 hours -LRB- as the sticker says -RRB- and I did for 24 hours before my INITIAL use . THIS IS VERY IMPORTANT . Here are my observations : Charged for 24 hoursSo far lasted for 2 daysStill have have two battery lines out of three . It might go for another couple of days before I have to recharge it . Also recharge only when it prompts you to , not otherwise.Used the phone atleast for 4-5 hours in the last two daysHave used atleast an hour of speaker phone with full volumeGreat phone ! all in all . Just remember to charge for long hours before the first use.Probably Panasonic has fixed the problem and most of the reviews if you see are dated atleast one and half to 2 years older if not more .
 I have been using this phone for about 2 weeks now and I have to say that this phone is just about perfect . I have no idea why so many people have battery issues . The fact is that if your battery does not last , go out and buy energizer battery . Its NiMH -LRB- ER-P511 -RRB- there is no memory and it lasts for 10hrs talk time.The only bad thing for me is that , there is no blinking light when you have missed calls.If you are thinking about buying this phone , do it , you will love it . Do not listen to the reviews .
 I have been using Panasonic phones for a long time . They are very good quality both in voice and build . I recently moved to a 4-bedroom house from an apartment . Getting phones in different places in the house was really tough especially when there are no phone outlets in all the places that I want a phone . Another problem is that they ca n't share the same phone directory . I was going to get other multi-handset systems like Siemens , Vtech , or the old Panasonic system . However , they only allow up to 4 phones . When I first saw that this can expand up to 8 phones , it just fits my bill ! The price is right and the quality is again superb . I only got the base for now and ca n't wait to get the other supplement phones . Unlike competitors , the supplement phones have different varieties to choose from.The only complain -LRB- minor -RRB- is that the base does not have a headset jack . Other than that , this is a great phone ! It might not be as sytlish as the Siemens system . But for the price and expandability , this is the way to go . Highly recommended .
 Panasonic KX-TG2730S 2.4 GHz DSS Expandable Cordless Phone with Answering System is a nice product and I would advise prospective buyers to go for it . If you are looking for a decent cordless range then 2.4 GHz is best else if you want a very wide cordless coverage , then buy a 5.8 GHz cordless .
 Good Buy and Good product
 An excellent multi-telephone system with quality signal strength . The signal is very clear , especially when contrasted with a competing answering maching from Vtech that has background noise during all calls . The instruction manual is somewhat confusing , -LRB- are you programming the handset or the base unit for each feature ? -RRB- since there are so many settings to program , but once you figure it all out , you have a useful telephone with all the bells and whistles you might wish .
 all of the reviewers below have got to read the instructions regarding charging the battery a FULL 24 HOURS before using the phone as it greatly affects performance of the phone both long and short term.Bottom line on this phone , too many solid features -LRB- handset speakerphone is a MUST have with kids -RRB- to pass up at this price point . Add to that the expandability to 8 handsets , this is a no-brainer .
 This is a excellent phone system , packed with features , I bought a bunch of the base -LRB- 2730s -RRB- and extra handset -LRB- 273s -RRB- from other store when it was on clearance , I am using one set for over 1 yr without any problems , the battery issue is true , one battery actually was already dead when I installed the phone , since I have been using panasonic cordless phone for over 10 yrs , I immediately realized that the battery was dead , I made a couple of battery packs by using AA Ni-MH rechargables to replace all original battery packs , now I have one base and 3 expandable handsets in my house , each one can stand-by for up to 4 weeks -LRB- I keep the handset off the base -RRB- , talking time could be as long as 10 + hrs , other than the battery the phone works flawlessly , I love the speakerphone on the handset and also all unit can make internal call , or works just like walkie-talkie , for people complain a lot about the battery life , please remember to read the manual , panasonic suggest to recharge the battery only when the `` recharge '' icon is flashing , otherwise the Ni-Cad battery may only last 3-6 months , because of the memory effect on Ni-Cad batteries . Panasonic should supply with Ni-MH battery packs .
 We 've had this phone for over a year , expanded it with several others , and have never had any problems . The battery life has been great and no one has complained about not being able to hear us , etc. . In my case , I would never even know I was on a cordless phone . It 's strange that some people have had so many problems ... but personally , I would have to say it 's easily the best phone we 've had .
 i ordered this phone just a few days ago and received it immediately . i 'm not sure what the gripe is all about because my phone works just fine . i made a few calls on it and the reception is crystal clear . the only thing that may be a problem in the future is that the battery is a NiCD battery . this means that , if you recharge it before it fully decharges , the battery wo n't keep the same capacity as it did when it was new . i 'm actually assuming this will happen , so i bought a NiMH battery for this phone off of ebay so when the old battery fails , the new battery will be around to replace it .
 We bought this phone several months ago after 2 bum tries with other makes/models . This one provides flexibility with the expansion option and speaker phone system . Caller id is a little slow to respond but not a problem . The low rating on this product 's reviews does n't reflect the true worth of this phone , in my opinion . Obviously someone has chosen to sway the rating lower due to some deeper issue . My recommendation is to see for yourself . If you 're looking for an expandable phone , buy this one from a reputable place and try it out for a few weeks . If you do n't like it , return it within the store 's return policy .
 This is a good phone , with all neat features . I have used it for over a month , and have no complains . The handset-speaker phone option is really great . The base-locator thing is kinda `` tough-to-get-used-to '' , as unlike the prev phones , you musty press three buttons ; but that is something that is understandable since it is afterall an DSS expandable phone .
 The Panasonic KX-TG2730S 2.4 GHz . is very good because you can call easy and from any place in your home . And you do n't have to memorized 50 numers .
 This is a good product . I am satisfied with the price and features of the product .
 I recently bought this phone and am so far satisfied with the clarity and features it has . I think it is a great buy for the price . I can not comment on the battery life because I have had the phone for less than one month . Earlier I had bought a 2.4 GHz cordless phone of a reputed Japanese make but was highly disappointed with the performance compared to this Panasonic one.If the battery life is a problem , how can we make it better ? Could any one suggest ?
 This is nice phone with all essential feature and much more at a reasonable price .
 Excellent phone . Crystal clear . Loud speaker . The best cordless phone I tried . Better than that Motorola 681 . A + + .
 the best phone I 've ever had . Thank you for such a great deal .
 5 stars for the phone . 1/2 star for the battery life.Like several other people , I found the battery life to be extremely short . So I bought a new battery through radioshack.com and that battery seems a bit better , but still way too short a charge life compared to my Sony , which will last days , even with long talk times.Select a different brand if you are n't going to keep the handset on the charger all the time .
 This phone is the best there is ... all the features you want and more ... and its clear as a bell . No problems with wireless networks either . It costs the most but its worth it just not to have to return all the other junk phones out there .
 Kamal M is wrong . This phone has two mute buttons . One on the base unit for its speakerphone and one on each handset -LRB- accessible by pressing a single `` soft key '' button which appears on the LCD when a call is in progress -RRB- . There is not a single feature in the ATT2255 that this phone does not have -LRB- except the fact that the number of new messages is illuminated on the base unit on the ATT2255 and on the Panasonic it 's just a regular LCD ; however , the Phanasonic allows you to check your messages throught the handsets which are backlit -RRB- .
 I bought this phone and did n't realize how many features it has . You can program one phone with all your phone numbers and then `` send '' that info to the other phones so you do n't have to program all of them . The phone also has a 2 way , but I have never used it . I do use the room monitor mode , and the intercom is wonderful provided you remember what number phone is in what room . My solution is I have the phones numbered according to what floor they are on in the house . The cordless range is good , I can take my phone to the neighbor 's house and it works pretty good . The only problem with this phone is the battery . You really need to get new batteries that are not made by panasonic . Energizers seem to work well and I bought them on Amazon , they were 1/2 price compared to Best Buy !
 I read some reviews that knocked this phone for short battery life . Nevertheless , because of its extensive features , we purchased the Panasonic KX-TG2700S and two additional `` 270S '' handsets . Although our phone calls generally run 45 minutes or less , we sometimes find ourselves doing two 45-minute calls consecutively . I have had no problems with the battery life whatsoever ! The batteries work fine , the menus are easy and intuitive , and the sound is great . Moreover , this telephone system does have some unique features that make it an exceptional deal . Once you program your name & telephone number list into one headset you can transmit the entire list or any one entry to the remaining extensions . This really helps when you have a long list or just need to modify one or two entries . You do n't have to run all over the house re-entering data . The phone can also be used as a two-way radio around the house . You can not call using those headsets while they are radios , however , when you have three sets like I do or use the base to answer calls , it 's not an issue . The best feature about this unit is that it does not include a silly digital answering machine . Unfortunately , Panasonic and other manufacturers are making those standard on all 5.8 GHz cordless telephones . For a host of reasons , including electrical power reliability and the use of a dial-up modem in my computer , I use local telephone company voice mail . In this situation , the telephone answering machine can interfere with your phone messages if your home electrical power dies . Although the answering machine on cordless telephones can be selected `` OFF '' , if the electrical power fails , the answering machine defaults to `` ON '' when power is restored . Your voicemail is then `` intercepted '' by your answering machine and you have no clue this has happened . Thus , in order to insure you get your messages , you must call two numbers every time . DUMB ! This annoying feature is the wave of the future for 5.8 GHz machines and is one feature that should have been left to a mechanical slide switch . If you need a great phone with tons of useful features without an answering machine , better get this one before all cordless phones go to 5.8 GHz .
 I 've had the phone now 5 months or so . Its base speakerphone is very clear and strong , as is the speakerphone on the handset . Programming # 's to save is easy . Programming # 's to save from caller I/D , however , is somewhat tricky until you master the learning curve . I 'm glad I took my business associate 's advice and paid more to get this model , it has been worth it .
 This product does exactly what it is supposed to do . I have a narrow table and it fits perfectly . It is also much more appropriately priced than a number of other desk pads I found.I actually bought a second one a few days after getting the first to cover the other half of the desk .
 I always buy this same one , it keeps my desk looking neat . It also makes for a great writing surface .
 It took me a while to find a cover with this dimensions . There is not much to say about it , its simple , just what I needed
 Not too much exciting that you can say about a clear flat piece of vinyl but this desk pad is very nice if placed overtop of your desk calendar . It is completly smooth so there are no border ridges to snag when you are signing papers or documents . I would definitely recommend this product .
 I bought this to cover my desk calendar . Last year I spilled my coffee on the calendar and then had to deal with those spots for the rest of the year . I wanted something to cover and protect the calendar . This is exactly the right size and even fits into the corner covers . So glad I found this .
 Was just delivered today . It 's the right size , it 's clear , and it seems like it 's going to protect the surface of my desk just fine . Meets my expectations and the price was right .
 Our seven and a half year old has a new white desk and immediately started getting marks on it so we quickly bought this clear desk cover . Actually we bought two because her desk is long and wide and we wanted to completely cover it . It works perfectly . We were easily able to cut it a bit to fit and now her desk is much safer . We highly recommend this product .
 Ok , I did n't buy this to protect a desk or drafting table surface ; I bought this to cut into small rectangles to replace the cat door flaps and to put on the inside of the mail slot in the front door to cut down on the cold air draft . The plastic is flexible so the cats are n't getting their tails smashed as the flap closes behind them -LRB- one cat has a long tail like a cougar and was beginning to hesitate about using the cat door -RRB- , it 's clear so they can see through , it 's cut-able with a mat knife yet it 's thick enough to do the job -- and I ca n't find acrylic sheets like this anywhere locally . Although I almost threw out this item with the big Amazon box it came in -- I thought it was just packing material because it was encased in plain brown cardboard and looked like the floor to the shipping box .
 This is a good product . One drawback is that the font is too small and I am buying this for my Mom . The english and french prononciation are very precise and clear . But the Vietnamese pnonciation is a little hard to understand . When we enter a Vietnamese word , it has to be the exact word that they have/translate in the Vietnamese dictionary to be able to translate to English/French . Otherwise , the translation will not take place . Overall , it is a very good product .
 Little children easily repeat things after others ; like abcd ... or 1234 , but then you ask them to identify those numbers and they have n't a clue . I bought these number templates because my then 4 yr old grandson wanted to learn.I had tried a previous program but my grandson got frustrated with it , and refused to do it . And because I do not believe in forcing we stopped . So I began hunting for something else , and came across school rite.I 'm on a low income so I had to wait until I saved the money to get both the alphabet AND THE NUMBERS ; but I was able to get them . And my grandson loves them.Every day it 's `` Gamma , get my school stuff out , please . I want to do it ! '' He has learned how to write his letters , and identifies them properly ; and his numbers from 1 to 20 . I am very , VERY pleased with these items AND with the seller ! I highly recommend them to anyone . Especially to all you folks who might have children with mild Sensory Processing Disorder -LSB- SPD -RSB- ; this is what my grandson has been evaluated with , and as noted before he enjoys them very much . In fact , I made it a rule not to do more than 15 minutes each day using them , but it 's hard to stick with it because my grandson does n't want to put it down .
 No clue if the other reviewer 's experiences are typical . In Europe Siemens phones are equated with high quality . It is possible the the US made units have quality issues . However , I own a base and 4 handsets I purchased in the US and I am constantly impressed with the performance and I like the nice design which never looks outdated . I have put in the new Duracell high capacity NiMh and my wife 's unit indicated 2/3 FULL battery level after 6 hours -LRB- ! -RRB- of talking while her friend already had to switch phones twice . With the new Duracells I expect the standby time to be stretched as well -LRB- I believe 300 hour normally -RRB- . One thing I know is that you have a damage risk if dropped on the floor as their shape -LRB- long + straight -RRB- can cause display issues if it falls on a corner . So if you expect to drop it a lot , you may want to look futher -LRB- and this is the only reason to deduct a star -RRB- .
 I used have the same handset and batteries for two years now -LRB- handset made in USA -RRB- . I spilled coffee on the handset and some buttons became a little insensitive while still usable , but that is my fault . Interference is a problem only when using the microwave . The sound quality is superb under the conditions I require.The base station location with this and any system is absolutely critical . I had no problems with setup of any kind . The manual is simple , complete and easy to understand .
 AFTER TESTING EVEY SINGLE PHONE OUT ON THE MARKET FROM 900MHZ TO 2.4 GHZ THIS PHONE STOOD OUT ON TOP . THIS PHONE IS LOADED WITH FEATUES AND VERY SLIM DESIGN I DO N'T KNOW WHAT ELSE THEIR IS TO LOOK FOR . YOU GET A SLIM DESIGN PHONE WITH NO BULKY ANTENNA TO GET IN THE WAY . THE HAND SET CAN REACH UNBELIVABLE DISTANCES MUCH FATHER THEN THE NEW VTECH , SONY , UNIDEN AND ATTCORDLESS.SIEMENS IS THE LEADER IN COMMUNICATIONS AND THIS PHONE JUST SHOWS WHY . THE PRICE IS GREAT WITH ALL THE REBATES OFFERED . YOU CAN ALSO ADD EXTRA HANDSETS TO THIS UNIT FOR EVEN MORE FEATURES LIKE PAGE , INTERCOM , SEPERATE VOICE MAILBOXES PER HANDSET AND CALL TRANSFER . BOTTOM LINE IF YOUR LOOKING FOR A 2.4 GHZ PHONE DO N'T WASTE TIME LOOKING AROUND . I DID THIS FOR YOU ALREADY . BUY THIS PHONE YOU WILL BE VERY HAPPY . THE BAD
 I 've been reading the reviews , especially the negative ones and I have not experienced those technical and reception problems that you have received.First I 'll describe the one flaw I found in this unit . The phone -LRB- I think -RRB- picks a random frequency when dialing out , and on occasion that frequency is not so great -LRB- you get an on and off effect where the dial tone comes in about half the time -RRB- So if you choose to dial then and send the call , the phone will try to dial on this not-so-great frequency and you 'll waste your time waiting for the phone to go through on that bad frequency . However if you just pick up and listen to the dial tone first , and THEN dial you 'll never experience that annoyance.Besides that minor annoyance it 's an AWESOME unit . We 've got 5 at my house and 2 phone lines . You can pick up on either line , transfer calls , put people on hold , switch between calls , itercom ... it 's like the swiss army knife of phones.Unfortunately mine broke because the headset insert broke off on the phone ... but I am buying another !
 I read through the considerable number of reviews on the Gigaset suite of products before buying this unit . I almost bought a different phone because of the wide range of experiences with these phones . After careful consideration , I bought the 2402 and could n't be happier with this product . I live in a three story home , with a reasonably large yard . The home was built in the ' 30 's and several rooms do n't have phone jacks . Consequently , when I found out about the Siemens cordless systems , it sounded perfect . The thought of having several phones without needing to install wiring was very appealing . We used to have a single 900 mhz cordless phone , which was never where we needed it when it was needed . And after two Sony 900 mhz , and the new Panasonic 2.4 ghz died on us , my wife and I wanted a phone that was going to both perform and last.With that background , the Siemens system has been fabulous . The range , battery , and clarity performance are all as good or better than the Sony and Panasonic phones that we 've used in the past . The features are SIGNIFICANTLY better ! The Siemens handsets have very intuitive menus and are very nicely styled . The range and clarity of the handsets have been flawless . The base unit is hidden away in a closit on the third floor , and we get a perfectly clear signal on every level of the house , as well as our yard , which extends at least 150 feet away from the base . I replaced the batteries with Kodak NiMh rechargables , and battery performance has been great - we 've not run out of battery power once . Although , the supplied NiCd batteries were n't a problem either.I read about some issue with DSL incompatibility , but we have not had a problem even though our main telephone wire also carries DSL service . We simply plugged the base in and it worked . One of the other reviews talks about hold being an issue , but this easily fixed by properly configuring the privacy feature . My single complaint is that the handsets are too thin to cradle with my shoulder -LRB- probably a bad habbit anyway . -RRB- The good news is that the handset has a built in plug for a headset , which we bought when we ordered the system from Amazon -LRB- check out the Plantronics units . -RRB- And the headset turns out to be infinitely more comfortable than cradleing the handset anyway.In short , this system has completely exceeded my expectations and I could n't be happier with this purchase !
 I bought the 2400 Kit to go along with the 2415 that I bought -LRB- phone/answering machine -RRB- . Easy to set up . Outstanding sound quality . If the battery is completely dead , it charges up completely in about 4 hours . It 's the best phone , cordless or corded , that I 've ever owned . I do n't know what other products Seimens makes , but I 'd like to find out !
 I bought one to go with my base . It is sleek , light weight , and the security features are excellent . The intercom , and call forwarding to individual handsets , are features I most liked about the system . The built-in spare battery charger is nice too . This system has better sound than the two 900MHz SONY units that it replaces . The only drawback was that the batteries that came with it would not charge , even after 24 hours . I bought NiMH batteries to replace them , they have twice the capacity of NiCads .
 I bought two of these to accompany my main system phone . Registering it to the base is simple but impossible to do without the main system so no need to worry about someone `` tapping in ! '' It 's really simple to program and use the directory features . Great sound quality both form myself and the person to whom I am speaking .
 I purchased this phone about 1 month ago and have to say that it has operated flawlessly . Set up of the system was easy and the LED displays guide you through the menu choices . The menu 's are very intitutive and I only had to use the manual once to get the remote units registered with the base . The system has unbelivable clarity and great features such as phone directory upload feature . I set up my personal directory on one of the remote handsets and uploaded it to the other 3 units . The base unit is in the corner of my home and I have had no drop-outs or fuzzy connections . I 've used the phones near operating microwaves , washer/dryer , even in the basement near my furnace without any interference . I have also used it outside of my home up to 150 ft away without any problems . I highly recommend this unit - the best I 've ever used .
 What a wonderful system . The phone is great and the feutures are amazing . I love it when people ask how to use the phone and ask if its a cell . Yes , it is a bit complicated to use , but u 'll get the hang on it and enjoy it if u stick yo it .
 Bought the single line/digital answering machine version about a year ago . Since then , I 've had excellent performance from this system . The only interference I 've noticed has been when the microwave is running on full power . The system also co-exists well with my 802.11 b Apple branded wireless network.The handset has been dropped several times , but has never given me a lick of trouble . Have recently moved into a largeish apartment that has only one phone jack , so I will shortly be ordering another handset.The only downside is the rather high price which would rate the deduction of half a star if such a thing were possible with this form .
 An exellant example of technology application . Good progammed features .
 I love this phone system . The sound is great . The feature set is great . I have seen mixed reviews on the unit . One thing to remember , these run on the 2.4 Ghz ISM band . The FCC regulations require that the 2.4 Ghz ISM unlicensed manufacturers engineer their equipemnt to tolerate interference , and not to generate interference . However , this does not apply to Microwave ovens . If you crank up your Microwave to pop popcorn , and try to talk on the phone , I can guarantee that the phone will sound bad , or not work . The Microwave has a magnetron oscillator running in the 2.4 Ghz range . It is essentially , a wide band jammer transmitter . Another thing to note , with all the new wireless home networking coming out , you will start to see more issues with interference . Choice ? The cool toys , or the Microwave .
 I love my Siemens phone . We have 3 of them in our house and they work beautifully . I love the size of the handset and have found the sound quality to be excellent .
 Highly recommend this program for all LPN students . Really great , even if you ca n't do math !
 I tried out a Siemens cordless for the first time while on a trip to Europe last year . I was impressed by the quality of the phone , and so I purchased a Siemens cordless here when i needed a new phone and found out that they were sold in the states . I have been thoroughly impressed with this phone since i purchased it . It is light and compact , yet still easily cradeled . Additionally , the Caller ID database is very helpful . My only wish is that the keypad were lighted . Excellent sound quality , battery life , and ergonomics . I highly recommend this phone . i will be purchasing the additional handsets in the near future-a great feature .
 Words can not express how impressed I am with this phone . My mother order this phone and to my disbelief I was able to hear perfectly clearly without static . We live around trees that are over 100 years old and we do not have proper reception . My mother purchased this phone for her house , we borrowed after i fell in love with the amazing clear reception and the light weight of the cordless phone . We are now order one more for our business line . Also , free shipping we can not say anymore .
 We have used this system in our home for 2 years and are very pleased with the performance . I use the intercom system several times a day and it saves many steps . I would never again buy a phone without a headset capability .
 I LOVE this phone . it 's small , light , and cordless . the sound is great , and it has caller ID . when you pick up the phone from the cradle , it automatically turns on ! the only problem is that a -RRB- it is too small to do the no-hands cradle thing -LRB- but I never do that so it 's not a problem -RRB- and b -RRB- it 's not lit up , so you ca n't see the buttons in the dark . i still love this phone and you should buy it!Definitely worth the price !!
 I was looking for a caller-ID , call-waiting capable phone for my new home . Nearly everything I looked at online was very ugly . I was drawn to this phone for its visual appeal , very sleek and European , with no antennas on either the handset or the base . I ordered a refurbished one at a very good price , and it arrived with the look and feel of a brand new product . Although several features are programmable , I was able to start using the phone as soon as the battery was fully charged without programming anything or even looking at the instructions . Programming a choice of ring tones and ring tone volume proved to be very simple ; the range of tones and volumes is limited but sufficient for my needs . Sound quality is very good , in my opinion , although I do hear a modest echo of my voice when I call . I got used to this and forgot about it quickly . The handset is lightweight , and the design has the added advantage that the handset can be placed face -LRB- keyboard and display -RRB- up or down in the cradle , so it 's possible to see what 's on the caller ID display without taking the handset out of the cradle . The only problem I have discovered so far is that the phone does interfere with my wireless internet network , which is a problem that I believe is common to all 2.4 GHz cordless phones in proximity to 802.11 b networks . This is only a problem if I want to phone and surf the net at the same time , which is not often , and at those times I suppose I can just use the corded phone on my desk . Some might find this a sufficient reason not to buy the phone , but I am very pleased with my purchase despite this drawback , and I have not found another cordless phone that has appealing enough looks to find a place in my home . I expect I may buy a second unit and just live with the network interference problem as the price of getting almost everything I want in a cordless phone . *** Update several months later
 I have two of these phones for 8 months now , and it works pretty well ... they 're sleek and look nice , but there are a few complaints ... # 1 , it 's expensive for what you get , but the fact that you can add phones to places which do n't have phone jacks makes them worth it . My main complaint is that it does n't allow things like `` flashing . '' also , my only other complaint is the volume does n't go up very high but overall , I 'm very satisfied . I recommend getting a headset for the phone since it does n't work with the one shoulder thing .
 Words can not express how impressed I am with this phone . My mother order this phone and to my disbelief I was able to hear perfectly clearly without static . We live around trees that are over 100 years old and we do not have proper reception . My mother purchased this phone for her house , we borrowed after i fell in love with the amazing clear reception and the light weight of the cordless phone . We are now order one more for our business line . Also , free shipping we can not say anymore .
 ... OK , I am talking about Siemens 242 2.4 GHz Black Cordless Phone with Caller ID by Siemens , which I bought ... First , the sound quality is superior and you can adjust the listen volume while you talk ... Second , the caller id is working good and very easy to call back the number by pressing `` talk '' with the number displaying.Third , the memory can store up to 22 digits of number which is very useful for people using those dial around like 1010345 , 1010220 ... Fourth , it combines the phone cord and power cord . You just need to plug in with a RJ-45 type head , no messy desktop.Fifth , the menu is very easy to navigate , just like a hand phone . I can use it without the manual.The phone looks cool ... but now I think it is a very good phone with -LSB- a good -RSB- price . I have been using Panasonic for a long while , now it is time to change .
 I 've owned several of these phones for over a year . They are expensive and include features that most people probably wo n't use . However , the fact that you can use several phones with one base station is very convenient , especially for those places where a phone jack is not readily available -LRB- the less cords the better -RRB- . You can also use any brand of headphone jack with it.Performance . It works quite well as I have walked over to my mailbox which is about 50 yards without any appreciable decay in sound quality . The belt clip included works well . The only shortfall is that it uses spectrum technology , thus , it echoes . It sounds better than older generation spectrum technology . People on the phone have told me that is sounds like it echoes to them as well.If you do n't need the convenience of not using a phone jack and you do not like the echoing sounds of some cordless phones , I would n't buy it .
 My wife calls me a `` Gadget Man '' ; yes , over the past 20 years I have owned at least 20 cordless phones
 I had wanted to purchase this item immediately for the office , but I was unable to go through with the purchase because there is NOWEHRE where you can find information about optional head-set plug in capability ... . This feature is a must and a five star review along with Siemens Name is a plus , but Consumers need more info
 I loved this phone from the moment I opened the box ! First thing I noticed is that it uses standard rechargable AA batteries -LRB- no propriatary format -RRB- . Battery life is excellent , provided you take care of them . The handset is sleek and light with more features than I have seen on any other cordless phone . Most are easy to use
 I 've been extremely satisfied with the Siemens Gigaset 2415 2.4 GHz Cordless System . It has excellent clarity and several features that are very useful . I was a little skeptical with the 2.4 GHz phones . Until recently , I had a new , full-featured , Panasonic phone , which gave me extensive problems and the reception was poor . Wanting to increase the reception quality and security , I gave the Siemens Gigaset 2415 a try and I am very pleased . The features are excellent , caller ID , digital answering system , etc. . Although , I really enjoy the directory feature , thus allowing me to find a name and press dial to call . This is a very handy tool . As noted earlier , the clarity is excellent and I have n't had any problems with battery life , but then again I usually leave the phone in the charger/base when not in use . The only minor problem that I experienced was the inability to use the phone when the power went out , but that does n't happen often and any phone requiring power would experience similar problems . I highly recommend this phone .
 This phone has surpassed all of my expectations . It has incredible reception and awsome distance . I have heard a lot of other 2.4 GHZ phones and this is by far the best one that I have ever bought . I bought this one for my girlfriend and am going to buy one for myself . I recomend it to anyone . The only down side to this phone is that some of the features are a little hard to operate , but once you get used to it there 's nothing but smooth sailing .
 I was looking for a phone/answering device that is clear andreliable as well as convenient . The sound is very clear . I have had the system for 8 months now with not a hint of trouble.This phone is the ultimate in convenience . It has a headset jack -LRB- 2.5 mm -RRB- and access to every facet of the answering system through the handset . It comes with a clip so you can put it on your belt.Using the headset , I can feed and care for the baby with both hands while using the phone to talk or listen to messages . The only problem is that the kiddo wants to get a hold of the boom mic on the headset . Well it keeps him occupied anyway . I have done dishes , yardwork , cleaning , all sorts of stuff while listening to long-winded people . I got a Plantronics headset . It also works very well.The handsets have caller id with a backlight so you can see who 's calling in the dark . You can configure the backlight to turn on when the phone rings so you do n't have to touch it if you 're in bed.You can configure the handset speech volume , ring tone and volume , base ringer tone and volume , you can lock the keypad , enter directory entries by hand or take them from the call log , and more not to mention all the stuff you can do with the answering device.There is an intercom function you can use if you get two handsets . You can set the intercomm ring to be the same or like the telephone ring . While taking care of the kiddo , I ring my wife for food and baby supplies during her parties . It works great!There is also a room monitor feature with two handsets . It 's nicer than the baby monitor because the receiver is not on all the time . It rings when there is a noise and then you can answer and listen -LRB- but not talk -RRB- . There are three sensitivity settings on the monitor . The expansion handset chargers have a compartment for charging a second battery . I got the Nmh batteries but the Nicads work well enough . With two handsets , I 've never had to put a second battery in to use the phone . Sometimes a handset will sit off the charger for a week or more before it needs more juice . It beeps to let you know its going dead . The range is terrific ! I can use the handsets inside the house next door or outside about three houses away . It 's fine for all around my own yard . It does n't hiss , when you go out of range it just breaks apart ... What I do n't like
 Another reviewer wrote `` Excellent Phone ! Here 's how to solve reception '' describing the proper method of reseting this phone and it 's extensions . When I encountered reception prolems that were not solved by resetting I called Seimens 800 number . Their imediate response was that the trouble was in the base unit and that they would replace it . Shipping to take 4-5 buisness days actually took only the week-end . Return shipping lable for the defective unit was included . My system now works great , clear reception and I can use it beyond my property line , some 600 feet from the base . You ca n't ask for better service and I can now enjoy features on my home/office phone that were only available on my cell phone before . Buy it , you 'll love it .
 I 've owned this unit now for almost a year and I would say it is hands down the most reliable cordless phone I 've ever had . I was told that the battiers would run down faster than should be expected but I do n't think it 's out of the norm . Matter of fact my family usually forgets to put it in the base unit at night and it usually goes a few days use without much worry . I just purchased new rechargable batteries last month ... not bad for a years worth of use . My only wish would be ... . that this phone could handle distinctive ring calls differently . All that to say that I 'm back at Amazon ordering anyother handset , Yep it 's worth the price .
 I have purchased several cordless phones over the years . I found the Siemens 2415 easy to set up and use . It has great styling , is very functional and has some very innovative features . For example the power line and phone line are one , not two separate cords . The display secreen is easy to read and the methods and instructions for programing are very logical and easy to follow.Voice clarity and range for use are exceptional.With the Siemens rebate I paid $ 99 for the phone and it is better by far than many phones selling for over $ 150 . I would recommend this phone to anyone .
 We 've had this phone in black for more than a year . I chose it for its slim design . It 's comfortable , sleek , has a nice ring , and reception has been reliable and clear both inside and outside the house . Not only would I recommend it , but I would purchase another siemens phone .
 If you know what you are doing , this is a FANTASTIC product . If you do n't have the time to read its manual , then , do n't buy this !
 This phone is a great idea from Siemens . For those who do not need the extra features of the other Siemens cordless phones but want the same essential 2.4 GHz range & technology this phone is awsome . The first phone I received was defective . I received a very prompt exchange for a new phone ... at the recommendation of Siemens helpful tech support . The service after the sale is there if you need it . If you can live without built in caller-ID & LCD display , answering machine , 500 extra buttons and the need to add extra handsets to the same base buy this phone . I was pleased to learn Siemens builds this phone in the United States . Wonderful minimalist phone with solid technology .
 Great socks so far !!! My daughter loves them . Very warm and the color has n't faded on them after several washes . Very cute too !!! Worth the money
 We shopped around and what a surprise the best wireless mouse that you can buy for use while giving a presentation from your laptop via a projector or TV is also the cheapest . I like it so much I sometimes put the laptop on the coffee table and surf the web from a distance -LRB- it 's a challenge to get around w/o typing ! -RRB- . You ca n't see it from the photo , but there is a gun-style trigger on the handle that works as a button . Using this clicking-n-dragging with the trackball is actually quite easy -LRB- hold the trigger with index finger , track the ball with your thumb -RRB- . This is really not for precision mousing , forget CAD or Graphic Design ! This does n't really replace a traditional mouse or trackball as it 's not suitable for alternating between mousing and typing . You have to hold this mouse in the air . It does n't rest on your desk , so it 's a pain to alternate between typing and mousing for regular use . I give it 5 stars for serving its purpose well . The range from the base seems quite good and the laser shows up from a long distance away .
 Pro 1
 This RF mouse is dollar for dollar the best wireless mouse out there . It works better than others I 've seen that cost much more . It fits very comfortably in either hand and all the controls are easy to reach . The trackball takes a little getting used to but once you get the hang of it it works very well . The range is adequate for my needs ; however , the laser spreads out quite a bit . It projects a dot at least an inch in diameter at 30 feet . The mouse is so comfortable and easy to use I find myself using it even when it 's not convenient , like kicking back and putting my feet up on the desk and surfing the internet . It is a pain to pick up and put down when you need to type though . Still , this is a very good mouse at a great price and I highly recommend it .
 Wait a minute ! A new device that simply plugs into the PS2 port , has no software , needs only a couple of lines of directions , works the first time around , and even comes with batteries ? This does n't sound like a computer product ! Yet this very inexpensive device works perfectly to provide remote controlled Powerpoint slide shows with its built in mouse and laser pointer . The laser has a tiny shadow , but the `` Phaser '' otherwise works just as advertised , and it also fits the hand comfortably .
 I am not a techno wizard . I am in the investment advisory business and was recently invited to address a large group in another city . My normal presentation is delivered using a laptop and a standard mouse . However , due to the size of this group , I quickly realized I needed something that would allow me to STAND away from my computer and still be functional . THIS MOUSE IS EXACTLY THAT ! The online description is truthful . I opened the box , popped in the batteries , plugged the receiver into my mouse slot in back of my laptop and GO ! The instructions are 1 minute long . It told me to goto Control Panel and adjust my mouse settings - SNAP ! Off we go ! The Laser Pointer feature is sharp - nice clean tiny red dot . The `` trigger click '' design is a nice ergonomic touch . Super product ! It even looks cool - right out of Star Trek ! Thanks for saving my presentation !
 Although it is not for today 's market , when I bought it a few years back , it was awesome . I used the heck out of it and never had a problem . I am sure there are more modern/up to date pointers out there now .
 This handy little translator is worth the price . It 's not the best in the world , but it will handle the basics . I found the dictionary to be somewhat limited , so you may need to familiarize yourself with the language of the country you are visiting . I would recommend you do that anyway , though.Note
 It 's an useful translator , i m using it & i m satisfied with it . some words r not on that but it 's ok .
 got it for nmy niece who moved to miami . she loved it but also thought it was a hoot , b/c it had phrases in there like
 It will help me a lot when i go to Puerto Rico ! WooHoo !!
 Product was just as describe , Good fast service , I would buy another if need so . Nice product for the price .
 Not the greatest , but not bad for the price . Better than spending four times as much on one . It got me by on my vacation but if you actually want to learn the whole language , this is n't your tool .
 Found the translator to be very useful on a recent trip to the Dominican Rupublic . Good for using when shopping and dining out .
 Ok , this one does have a bit of a learning curve , and you MUST read the instructions ! However , once you have mastered how to use it , this one is fantastic if you really want to learn the language . It has every verb conjugation in it , with the english translation . So no longer do you have to figure out `` what does past imperfect mean ? '' but rather it gives you the actual english/spanish translation . For example , enter `` study '' -LRB- after selecting english -- > spanish of course -RRB- and click `` inflections '' . You can scroll down to see the present imperfect tense is : `` I have studied '' and hit ENTER to see the spanish translation as `` yo he estudiado '' . Try THAT with your `` 501 Spanish Verbs '' book , that assumes you know what preterite and conditional tenses actually are ! : - -RRB- If you want to study the language and conjugate verbs , for less than $ ... you ca n't go wrong . But do read the manual !
 This phone system is incredible . Rather easy to use condidering the loads of features it comes with . As for the short battery life , remember they come with reg alkaline rechargable batteries . Invest in some Nihm rechargables or replace the reg rechargable batteries evry once in a while . They are prob what are causing the short battery life . I live in New York City , not a building but a residential neighborhood in queens . I can use the phone even two blocks away . It depends where u live . Hectic household or Home office , this system is well worth its money . I 've had it for almost 2 years now , never failed me once .
 I really like this phone . Reception is great in my house , but range is a bit disappointing . At least it works fine in my yard . Most important features are the sound quality and multiple handset capability . It feels better in my pocket than a PCS phone - I keep it there so I never lose it . The built-in antenna is a great feature . Disappointments are in the call display and voice mail features . I wish it had a `` message waiting '' indicator and a `` xx Missed Calls '' indicator . I also wish it could look up numbers from its directory for incoming calls with number display but no name display . I bought a cheap desk call display unit to replace some of these features , but it should be in the phone . Finally , I wish Siemens offered an option between the 2402 and 2420 that added a full duplex speaker phone in the base unit , but not voice mail , corded handset , etc. .
 This phoneset has a fantastic set of features far beyond the minimum critera that I set . It was hard enough to find a phoneset that would meet my criteria . But , the 2402 just blew me away.I bought an extra handset . I named one `` Office '' and the other , `` Kitchen '' . The names appear on the high-resolution LCD display -LRB- not that basic 2-line or 3-line block display -RRB- at all times while the phone is idle . Features for each phone can be programmed independently from either phone through the `` wireless network '' . The headsets are incredibly lightweight . They are almost weightless.Having the base , which requires no physical interaction , hidden away , or at least away from desk clutter , is a big plus . The biggest advantage of this is that each headset needs no phone jack , just an AC outlet for its charger . BTW , some have said that the battery life is low . But I find that not to be a problem at all because the most logical place for the phone when not in use would be the charging cradle . In fact , you could have the headset programmed to auto-answer upon removal from the cradle then conversely automatically hang up.Another misnomer that I have seen posted in a review here is the 2402 's compatibility with DSL . I have ADSL on Line 1 and the 2402 has no problem . Actually , I ca n't imagine why any phone would.Another misnomer posted in a review here relates to being able to retrieve a call on hold from a different headset . That is part of the `` privacy '' feature that can be enabled or disabled.Conferencing is easy and crystal clear . Redialing from the Caller-ID call log is a great feature in which you can pre-program into memory local area-codes -LRB- good for multiple area code , 10-digit dialing cities such as Atlanta -RRB- so that it would know how to dial a 10-digit number -LRB- local or LD -RRB- . And so on and so on ... Bottom line is that this phoneset is just fantastic . I am quite pleased with it . If there is one feature that I wished it had , that would be speakerphone capability.Overall , I 'd rate it a Strong Buy with 5 stars .
 The phone is everything it promised to be and more . It did have a DOA failure , the display on the handset was dead , although you could still take and make calls . I immediately called customer service -LRB- Wed night -RRB- and by 9 AM on Friday I had the replacement unit . This is customer service!The handset is very light , about the size and shape of a TV remote . It has a large directory in the handset that is easy to program and use . The sound quality is superb and static free . One of the best features is that only the base needs to be plugged into the phone jack and all of the -LRB- up to 8 -RRB- handsets can be kept anywhere in the home or business near an electrical outlet -LRB- for the charging stand -RRB- . The base could be installed in a closet , even on a wall , so it does n't take up any desk or counter space . The handset charging stands also charge spare batteries while the handset is good for over a day on standby or several hours of talking . The batteries are 2 AA NiCad batteries that you can buy at an electronic supply store , not the overpriced battery packs like for cell or other portable phones!Oh and I almost forgot - it comes with a belt clip that is very stylish but unobtrusive and works extremely well . In short this product is very well designed with a lot of attention paid to details .
 I have had my phone for about six months and I have been very satisfied with it . Sound quality is great . I like the intercom feature -LRB- I purchased four extra handsets -RRB- The phone is slim and light so while using the belt clip , I hardly notice it hanging there . It has a `` keyboard protected '' feature so if I bump the keys while carrying it on the belt clip , the phone does n't react . Each line and intercom can be set to ring differently . The base is the only thing hooked to a phone jack -LRB- we stuck it under our bed -RRB- so the handsets take up little counter and desk space . It has a call transfer feature so if I 'm in the basement and anwer a call that 's for my wife , I can tranfer it to her handset . It also has a room moniter feature so I can place a handset near the baby while she is sleeping . If she makes noise , it will ring my handset and I can listen to what 's going on . It has a headset jack on it that make long calls easy or easy to write while calling . Battery life is n't the best , but if I put it in the charger at night , I 've never had a problem . It has no `` page handset '' button anywhere so if I misplace a handset I have to use the intercom from another handset -LRB- to ring thre lost handset -RRB- to find it . The only thing it does n't have that I would really like is a battery backup power supply . Yes I 'd definitly buy it again .
 I 'll bet you 're on the hunt for the perfect advanced home phone system just like I was . I 'm glad to report that the Seimens Gigaset 2402 is it , or as close as we 're going to get for -LSB- the money -RSB- . I 've run the gamut of cordless phones over the years
 I read through the considerable number of reviews on the Gigaset suite of products before buying this unit . I almost bought a different phone because of the wide range of experiences with these phones . After careful consideration , I bought the 2402 and could n't be happier with this product.I live in a three story home , with a reasonably large yard . The home was built in the ' 30 's and several rooms do n't have phone jacks . Consequently , when I found out about the Siemens cordless systems , it sounded perfect . The thought of having several phones without needing to install wiring was very appealing . We used to have a single 900 mhz cordless phone , which was never where we needed it when it was needed . And after two Sony 900 mhz , and the new Panasonic 2.4 ghz died on us , my wife and I wanted a phone that was going to both perform and last.With that background , the Siemens system has been fabulous . The range , battery , and clarity performance are all as good or better than the Sony and Panasonic phones that we 've used in the past . The features are SIGNIFICANTLY better ! The Siemens handsets have very intuitive menus and are very nicely styled . The range and clarity of the handsets have been flawless . The base unit is hidden away in a closit on the third floor , and we get a perfectly clear signal on every level of the house , as well as our yard , which extends at least 150 feet away from the base . I replaced the batteries with Kodak NiMh rechargables , and battery performance has been great - we 've not run out of battery power once . Although , the supplied NiCd batteries were n't a problem either.I read about some issue with DSL incompatibility , but we have not had a problem even though our main telephone wire also carries DSL service . We simply plugged the base in and it worked . One of the other reviews talks about hold being an issue , but this easily fixed by properly configuring the privacy feature . My single complaint is that the handsets are too thin to cradle with my shoulder -LRB- probably a bad habbit anyway . -RRB- The good news is that the handset has a built in plug for a headset , which we bought when we ordered the system from Amazon -LRB- check out the Plantronics units . -RRB- And the headset turns out to be infinitely more comfortable than cradleing the handset anyway.In short , this system has completely exceeded my expectations and I could n't be happier with this purchase !
 I live in a four-story townhouse ; the top floor is my home office . The Gigaset has been a real problem solver for me . The intercom feature is fantastic . I have had none of the problems that other reviewers mention . The battery-life problem is an issue of the batteries , not the phone . I just leave it in the charger when I 'm not using it and it 's been fine . I 've also had no problem putting call on hold and then retrieving them from another phone . It 's just a question of getting the security settings right . The reception has been great -- and I live in urban area in a house with tin ceilings . I 've even taken phone calls from the grocery store across the street .
 I 've found the Siemens Gigaset 2402 to be the best cordless phone system that I 've ever used . The voice quality is very good . The programable feature set is amazing . There are so many features , that it 's probably not a good choice for someone who wants simplicity or is technophobic . If you have two phone numbers and want many different programmable features , digital security , the ability to transfer calls to other handsets and clear reception , this is a great choice . The intercom , conference and call transfer features are powerful . You can have up to 8 handsets per base station . My only disappointment was the system 's range . I would estimate that the range is about 75 to 150 feet in our house . We have a fairly large house and have found some fringe areas .
 I 've had the system about a month . Voice quality is good and the system is well designed . It has so many features that it takes a while to get set up and familiar with everything . But once you learn the system , it is very flexable and does everything well . A bit pricey , but worth it in my opinion . I 'd definitely buy it again .
 This product has about everything you could ask for in a cordless phone , and more . The handset design is excellent . It is slim , light-weight , and has unbeatable range and clarity . The antenna is built-in instead of poking out the top . It 's powered by 2 rechargeable AA NiCad or NiMh batteries . It comes with 2 NiCad which offers 36 hours Standby and 4 hours talk . I recommend the Eveready `` double A '' NiMh which offers at least 50 % longer performance . Each charger has a separate compartment for charging two extra batteries . The handset , also , includes a headset jack , a very slender , detachable belt clip , and a four line , backlit , LCD display.The base is a separate unit , which is the only device tethered to a phone jack . All handsets come with their own chargers , free of phone cords , and can be placed anywhere there 's an electric outlet . The base will `` register '' up to eight handsets and manage calls between them -LRB- intercom -RRB- , as well as incoming/outgoing calls for two separate phone lines , or any combination of intercom and outside calls for up to four handsets simultaneously.Each handset has its own programmable feature configuration and security . The system , also , has programmable administrative features . Each handset has its own directory , up to 120 entries , and can send entries or the entire directory to other handsets.Shortcomings
 I 'm using the 2402 for the last 6 month , and I have to say that this is the best cordless system that I have ever used in my life . The system works great with 2 lines and two handsets . it 's fully loaded with all fetures -LRB- caller ID , call waiting , just name it ... -RRB- Both of the lines are with DSL service , and I do n't have any problem with it . If you ask me - go and get you one of these .
 I have tried every brand of cordless phone , except Uniden.I have found this to be superior in every way to any other.I have recommended this phone to friends and family.Many have purchased the Gigaset , or I have purchased it forthem.The concensus is unanimous ... the best available .
 Contrary to the editorial review , this phone does NOT have a mute button . It has a HOLD button . Not at all the same thing . Otherwise it is a great phone .
 The Siemens 2400 series Gigaset system is a fine system to use for small businesses , home offices , and I use it so the I can move around my ranch , and always be in communication with the house and the outside world.Unfortunately , each handset and base have an inherent problem that causes audio problems where the recieve and transmit are garbled and make a sound that has been described as warbling or fading in and out.These defects can be corrected by sending your unit to Barclay Enterprises Inc. 2275 LaCrosse Ave. Suite 201 in Colton , California 92324 , and they will refurbish and upgrade your units for less than the replacement costs.A few units do end up being `` uneconomical for repair '' due to some defects and Siemens inability to provide a distribution path for replacement parts.Nevertheless , Barclay can also provides an exchange program so if the worse case scenerio arises where your unit can not be repaired , they can provide a replacement for a nomiminal surcharge.Your Siemens 2400 gigaset should last many years if you protect it from the environment and physical damage . But if a defect should arise with your 2400 handset or any of the base units , these guys can take care of you .
 Overall , I like the Gigaset . For me , the battery life has not been as bad as some have complained -- especially with a pair of NiMH batteries substituted for the standard NiCads they supply . You can always get a few sets of spare batteries since the phone uses standard AA batteries . I see that as a big plus.The sound quality has been somewhat `` digital '' but not enough to be offensive . Most people would n't notice it . It 's certainly much better than a typical digital cell phone call.If you 're thinking of using this as a small office phone system , keep in mind that it handles only two lines and there are other limitations as well . For me , it 's been great . If you really need a phone `` system '' for multiple users then keep looking.The menus and user interface are a bit overly complex . Why should you have to press `` Redial '' and then `` Talk '' just to redial the last number called ? Why do you have to wade through four levels of menus just to turn off the ringer ? These are the result of the phone 's tremendous flexibility -- too many menu choices!My phone is mounted on the wall in the basement -LRB- not an ideal location -RRB- and I still have complete coverage throughout my house . I wonder if the people who complained about range limitations have the base located against a masonry wall , or are trying to send a signal through multiple walls . Certainly I 've seen no reason to complain about the range.This phone is great if you love tweaking . You can customize the phone 's name , calling features , ringer tone and volume , plus bar certain numbers , add speed dials , maintain a call log , and many other things . The handsets are very lightweight and the belt clip works great . I ca n't complain -- it worked right out of the box without any programming -- but if you want to customize you can do that too .
 I 've had the Siemens 2420 with 3 handsets for over 2 years -LRB- The 2420 is a full-function base with corded handset , good quality duplex speakerphone , caller id/system display , and 2-line digital answering machine in the same footprint as the 2402 -RRB- . It replaced a 6-year old Panasonic 2-line cordless and I could n't be happier with the increase in clarity , range , and features -LRB- and ability to find a handset when the phone rings ! -RRB- . The handsets are closer in design to a cell phone than a standard residential set . If you can get the handset wedged between your shoulder and ear , you will get a nasty pain in your neck very quickly . I 've also found my hand cramping up during long conversations if you hold it to your ear . Fortunately , the handsets have a headset jack that does n't require an expensive amplified headset . A $ ... headset from your local electronic store works perfectly!I love being able to configure the handsets - for example , I turned the ringer off for incoming calls on line 2 , since that is an unpublished fax number -LRB- love giving telemarketers that modem negotiation squeal -RRB- , but we can still call out on that line if the other one is busy . The intercom is great for finding each other -LRB- as opposed to screaming `` IT 'S FOR YOU ! '' -RRB- in a multi-story house . We 've used them for walkie-talkies while tweaking the sprinkler system , too . Have never had any problems with range , inside or out.Bottom line , I would n't buy this if you do n't need multiple handsets , unless you ca n't get the clarity you desire in a cheaper unit . If you have teenagers or a home office , I have n't found anything that could top this for the price .
 I needed a dependable cordless phone with 2-line capability that offered great sound quality , and not much else . The Siemens 2402 delivers all that and much more . The reviews on this site and others pointed me to a choice between this model and one made by V-Tech with similar specs . After using the Siemens units I 'm very happy with my choice.I could have mounted the base unit anywhere in my business , since it has no controls beyond the `` registration key '' button which I 've only used to register my second 2400 handset , but I chose a central location on a wall . My business is approximately 2200 sq. ft. of warehouse space , and the coverage of the phone is more than adequate , the call quality superb.Other reviewers have criticized the 2402 's complexity and lack of user-friendliness ; all I can say is that many people really do n't like to -LRB- or ca n't -RRB- read instructions . Most of the supposed limitations I read about are actually customizable features of the 2402 , and in fact it 's difficult to identify much that * is n't * customizable!If you 're looking for a `` Cordless Phone for Dummies '' this one is n't it , but if you 're after a phone that delivers what everyone needs in a cordless and more , look no further .
 Why are you selling this item for the same price as I can get at office depot , with out the wait or shipping charges . do I buy from you cause I like you , because I do n't right now .
 Overall , this seems to be an excellent system.First , let me correct a few inaccuracies in the other reviews.Mr . Mehlman states that you ca n't repeat or skip messages in the answering system remotely . The manual clearly states that you can . He also claims that you ca n't play back messages from the cordless handsets , but the manual also says that is possible.Mr . Szymonik and Mr. Doumet both claim that you ca n't transfer phone directories between the base and handsets , but I have done just that.What do n't I like ? First , there are no voicemail boxes in the answering system . Each line can answer separately , but you ca n't have boxes for different people on the same phone line.Second , while you can control the ringing frequency and volume for calls placed to different lines and the intercom , you ca n't change the ringing pattern . I would like one long ring for Line # 1 , two short rings for Line # 2 , and three shorter rings for the Intercom , for example.Third , the desk unit handset is so sleek and rounded that it 's difficult to hold between your ear and shoulder.Fourth , the phone 's user interface is n't intuitive at times or even consistent . For example , to add a new entry to the directory or send the directory , you hit the Dir button , then have to select a name , then scroll through the action list to find the appropriate action . Selecting a name should not be required for global actions.As another example , to page another intercom station from the handset , the menu shows the extension number and part of the name , but to send a directory to another station , you must enter the number without seeing the names.However , except for the lack of voicemail boxes , these are fairly minor issues , and should not detract from the review .
 First of all , I also feel obligated to correct some inaccuracies in others ' reviews . I did n't like reading these reviews that give the system a bad rating because of supposed shortcomings when the shortcomings are n't there!Yes , you can transfer directories -LRB- have done so -RRB- , and yes , you can access your messages from the cordless handset -LRB- including to repeat and skip messages -RRB- - hit INT 9 , it 's on page 58 of the manual and it works . Transferring calls between base and cordless is also not that complicated ! Plus , the manual has quite an extensive index , so finding whatever it is you 're having trouble with is a snap -LRB- like that thing on page 58 -RRB- . As for the ringing , you can change the pattern on the cordless handet even though they term it as pitch , going through the choices will change the actual ringing pattern . True , oddly , this ca n't be done on the desk station . I 've turned mine completely off , since I know where it is , and rely on the cordless handset 's ring to inform me which line is ringing.The one significant drawback I did discover was that when calling in to check for new messages , both lines are treated as one , in other words , if I would like to call in and check for new messages left only on `` Line 1 '' I am given any new messages - for Line 1 or Line 2 . This may or may not be important to others but it seems that mailboxes would have been a smart and easy design feature to include . This is not so important to me but really should be part of an answering system like this.Overall , though , there are so many easy-to-use features , the system is powerful , flexible , sounds great , looks great , and while the base handset feels a little light , the base and cordless units feel great , buttons and such . If the mailboxes are important to you or your business , you 're out of luck , but aside from this flaw , I feel the system is 5 stars .
 I read through most of the reviews on this product , and I have experienced many of the problems/annoyances that people have addressed . Thanks to the newsgroups I found that I had purchased the initial release . The newer release solves many of the annoyances , but battery life still suffers and range would depend on the environment.The old version is commonly purchased as a refurbished unit ... The new version has a red/silver and black box , and has been offered since the 1st or 2nd quarter of 2000 . Here is a summary of problems people have written about , that were corrected in the new version : Power outage - If your power goes out you will not lose your messages , directory , pin code , etc. . I 've had my set unplugged from the wall for about an hour , and the only thing lost was the date/time . You can reset this yourself , or when a call is received , it will take the date/time from the caller ID.Directories - The new version of the phone allows you to transfer directories from the handset to the base and vice versa.Transfer / Pickup of calls - On the old version , you had to transfer a call from one handset to another . You could not pickup a line that was in use . This was particularly annoying when you had both Siemens phones and regular phones in the house . The new version allows you to join a line , which overcomes this problem.Now to address other problems , I have never had problems with calls dropping unexpectedly when in range . We 've been able to take the phone out of the house and almost a city block away . Like a digital cellular phone - you do n't get static , you just lose the call . Also , I 've never had a problem with going out of range > in < my house . I live in a typical ranch , with the base at one end and have used the handset at the opposite end.Call quality has usually been good , and very few times I had a garbly effect like that which you would experience on a digital cell phone . Running the microwave usually caused this problem . Otherwise , I have 2-line GE ProSeries speakerphones in the kitchen and bedroom , and I 've been told that the Siemens speakerphone and handsets sound much better than the GE 's . I 've used this phone while working on my laptop , which has a wireless network card that operates on the same frequency . I can hear a slight intermittant popping , which is apparently when the spread-spectrum overlaps the other devices signal . But , both devices remain usable.The answering machine and caller-id work great . You can access the answering machine with the handset or remotely , and you have complete control over replaying and deleting messages . The annoying thing is that the numbers you need to press to do simple things , like play a message , do n't make sense . When calling remotely , the voice prompting 's first selection is to change the outgoing message . When the heck would I want to do that ? But , once you read the book and memorize the buttons , accessing your messages is a breeze.The handset has a headset jack and a belt clip . I 've plugged a headset in and clipped the phone to my pants , and off I went gabbing on the phone while doing housework , etc. -LRB- The base has a headset jack too . -RRB- The battery life sucks , honestly . That is my biggest complaint . As long as you put the phone in the cradle every night , you should n't have a problem . You can also purchase additional batteries , which can be charged in a special compartment in the cradle , but changing the batteries is clumsy.The other annoying thing is when I receive a call and put it on hold , and then answer it with a non-Siemens phone . I noticed that the call never goes `` off-hold '' on the Siemens , and there is a `` holding tone '' that continues to play in the earpiece until the call is released from the Siemens.I 've had the new version for about 7 months . It 's not perfect , but I 'm not disappointed . It 's lightweight , full of features like caller-id with name on the handsets , and I can setup a handset as a baby-monitor . You can also call other handsets internally on the system , like having an intercom system in your house . Realize that this system is like having a business-class telephone system in your house , and business phone systems do n't cooperate with regular phones either .
 The Siemens Gigaset is a great wireless phone system . I have four of the wireless phones , and two of the deskphones that are all but the only telephones in my house.The phones use regular AA batteries , and includes a pair of NiCd batteries with the phone . These NiCd batteries are good for about a day on a full charge . I replaced these with NiMh batteries that do not have the same battery memory problems that NiCd batteries do.Unfortunately , the range on these phones in not all that great . My house is on 1 acre , and I can not reach to the far corners of my property -LRB- approx 300 feet -RRB- . But , this is true of most of the 2.4 Gz phones I have run across , and not specific to the Siemens phones.If you buy just one of these systems , it works fine out of the box , with little setup . But if you add additional phones , the setup can be a little involved ; but no more complicated than a VCR.The answering machine is great . It answers two phone lines without difficulty . It is a completely digital answering machine , so the clarity is excellent . It also provides security for remote message access .
 I have no interests in Siemens or their product . I am responsible for computer and telephone integration at the company that I work at and I have 25 years experience in this field . I am amazed at the range of comments on this product . I do not doubt that there unhappy people out there , but I am a very satisfied owner of this equipment . I received a 2420 with three extensions as a gift form my father-in-law . I had been interested in this unit for some time as a solution to the telephone/communications needs of our family . I was blown away at the feature set of this unit . I have taken the time to read the instructions -LRB- over 100 pages -RRB- , set it up -LRB- several hours -RRB- and I could not be happier with a telephone product . I live in a two story house with a finished basement . The phone works in every room of the house and outside for a range of about 150 ' . If you are not prepared to read the 100 plus pages of instructions and spend the appropriate time to set this unit up -LRB- the gift was from a family member who did n't have the time -RRB- , you will not be happy with the results . Also , if you are in a building with concrete and steel walls , I would not expect this unit to `` penetrate '' these . Stick to the 900 mhz phones . This unit would not be my choice for use in an multi-room office setting -LRB- I would hard wire -RRB- . I would also be aware of potential interference from other 2.4 mhz products operating in the same area . There are some wonderful bargains on used and remanufactored units . Check the auction sites out too . Good luck !
 Teriffic value for the office . Does everything you could want , and does it well . Only draw back is limited off cradle use , need to keep them charging and after a lot of use the buttons on the handsets become very difficult to press down and acknowledge anything . Life span of the cordless is 2 years , then they loose their ability to press the buttons and clarity . But these phones were used constantly in a very busy office environment . Now I need to upgrade to the 4 line version , but cant find it .
 Extremely reliable full featured product . Intuitive programming is very good .
 I have had this phone for about a year ; it is used for business at home . All the features work fine with the exception of the range which seems to be limited to about 100 ft. The directory transfer is not a problem . My home is sheathed with foil faced insulation so maybe that affects the range . I 've had no quality problems at all with either the deskset or handset . Maneuvering through the features and menus could be a little easier . I would buy another one but sympathize with the folks who have experienced quality problems .
 I was previously using a 10 year old 900 MHz Sony cordless , which was a good , reliable phone . I became interested in the 2.4 GHz phones because of the expandable capabilities of some models . After doing a few weeks of research , the Siemens appeared to me to be the clear choice in terms of features and sound quality . I was right . This phone sounds like a corded phone , and offers customization of almost every aspect of the systems function . The phone is well made , and the digital answering system is much better than all others that I 've used . I would highly reccommend this unit for anyone who wants a serious phone .
 I 've been using the Siemens Gigaset 2420 for over 3 years now since it won all its big awards in 1999 . The cordless handset sound and reception has also been top-notch , the 2-line phone system is terrific and convenient , it 's easy to customize , and it still works flawlessly after over 3 years of heavy daily use.The handset phone buttons are n't as user-intuitive as I would prefer , so I still need to refer back to the instruction booklet now and then , but the directions are easy enough , too.I also agree with other reviewers ' complaints -- the cordless handset and the desk phone do n't cradle well on the shoulder . On the other hand , it 's better for your neck NOT to do that , and the phones are contoured well for being held with your hand , and they were n't designed to be cradled between your ear and shoulder . -LRB- I use headsets so that is all moot for my use anyway . -RRB- The desktop phone AND cordless handset have the standard 2.5 mm jack for headsets , so you have a multitude of possibilities for headsets out there . I chose the Plantronics M135 on-the-ear headset for hands-free phone use with the Gigaset 2420 system , especially the freedom of mobility using the cordless handset clipped to my pocket . At my home office I can even walk around outside with perfect reception.I have no plans to buy a new phone system , even after 3 + years of using this one . It still holds its own compared to other comparable phone systems , including newer models.I did n't give this a 5-star rating because even though I 'm happy with the phone system and certainly recommend it , the cordless handset buttons could be more user-intuitive , and the phone does n't cradle well on the shoulder -LRB- if you choose to do that -RRB- . Those are small bugs for my own purposes compared to the overall terrific phone system , though ... your needs may vary .
 We have owned this with three handsets for just under two years . Within the first year , two of the handsets just literally died , and were replaced by Siemens . A few days after the year warranty expired , the third handset started to cut in and out , making conversation impossible . Now , 22 months on , the base station has started to act strangely , making it useless as an answering machine , call logger , etc. . The dialling out bit is OK , but is that why we paid $ $ $ for it ?! Overall , I 'm happy the way they function , but not happy with the lifespan .
 I purchased the Gigaset with one remote and two additional remotes recently . I like it very much because
 I have had this system for two years , and have also experienced what some may call quirks in its operation . Several reviewers have stated what I believe to be reasonable explanations for the difficulties others have experienced . It is important for people to keep in mind that with any multi-function , compact electronic device there are times when a strict adherence to defined procedures will be required for the unit to carry out a desired function -- -LRB- this is NOT your father 's desk phone -RRB- . I have had to refer to the manual on several occassions , and found it helpful and easy to use . On one occassion , it was necessary for me to use customer sevice to re-register the system , and their instructions were very clear in solving the problem , which has not recurred . I can tell you that compared to re-formatting a Hard drive and reloading operating systems and software , that process was like brushing my teeth . In short , I am very pleased with the system , it has fully met my expectations , and I would recommend it to anyone who is comfortable with electronics .
 This is a really nice integrated unit . The desktop phone works great , with 4 spots for 1-touch speed-dial , and memory for all the other numbers.The cordless handset memory is easily accessed too , and can be trasferred between phones.One thing bad
 I 've had the phone for a few months now . Great product ! Short learning curve , very trouble free , excellent reception . Bought hands-free for all the kids -LRB- 3 -RRB- and they love it too . I really appreciate the intercom and directory functions . My only recomendation-more mailboxes for each phone .
 I just bought this system with a few wireless extensions for a 2-bedroom apartment . I 've seen people have problems with range with these devices , but in 900 square feet of space , it works great.By and large , I love this system . It 's cool , the extensions have nice displays , and the base unit has lots of features . There are , however , a couple small limitations . First , while you can transfer address books between the extensions , you can not transfer an addressbook to/from the base station -- so if you build an addressbook on the base-station , that 's where it stays . Second , you can not just put a call on hold and pick it up on another extension . To pick up a call somewhere else , you have to transfer it there , which involved 5 distinct key-presses , and requires you to know the number of the extension that will receive the call .
 I 'm very , very impressed with the Gigaset . The sound quality , features and physical design are all world-class . I 'm in software consulting , and on the phone much of the day -- and use the Gigaset exclusively in my home office -LRB- and throughout my household -RRB- . It 's actually far superior to the supposedly more robust -LRB- and more expensive system -RRB- in my company 's regional office , where I spend 1-2 days per week . I 've actually recommended this phone to several friends , and they 're all thrilled as well . Good job , Siemens !
 great phone system VERY VERY BAD MANUAL HAVE TO CALL IN FOR ALL OPERATION ` S
 You get what you pay for as they say . I have had a good experience with this high quality unit . I am using it with 2 lines and frequently use one line to talk while using the other for my computer . I have found the construction durable , the functionality to be superb and most features easy to use . I have had minor problems with the battery life on the handset and had to replace one set of the rechargeable batteries . The handset range has been quite good for me , although I live in a single story 2 bedroom apartment so I have not tested distance more than 50-70 feet . Overall , I think the Siemens offers great functionality and features for a very reasonable price .
 The Siemens 2420 is fantastic ! The desk station has a great speakerphone -LRB- great sound quality without all that annoying background `` I 'm on a speakerphone '' white noise -RRB- , answering machine , and other useful features -LRB- mute/hold/conference -RRB- . The handsets let you do almost anything remotely -LRB- call transfer , hold , intercom , switch lines , etc -RRB- . Additionally , the handset chargers can be plugged in anywhere , so you do n't have to deal with phone lines except for the base station , so it 's easy to spread the handsets out all over your home/office where they 're needed . The range is great and the sound quality is top notch.About my only complaint about this system is the wireless handsets only do hold , not mute . -LRB- this is actually an incredibly minor point , and I ca n't think of other handsets that have it either -RRB-
 The features are quite good and the performance is fine if you do n't need to cover more than a 75 to 100 foot radius in a building . -LRB- This is based on use in a 110-year-old two-story brick townhouse with lathe plaster walls , so the range in a newer wood frame buidling on a single floor is likely to be better . -RRB- The range outside is substantially greater than inside the house . One feature I really like -- we have voice mail service from our telephone service provider , and the Gigaset base station has light that goes on when there 's a message -- with out previous phones we did n't know we had a message without picking up a phone to hear the fast beep on the line.There are a couple of quirks . Example -- if you do n't clear the call log before it fills up , you 'll have problems picking up calls on the cordless handsets . So you may want to shut off the logging feature despite it 's usefulness . Some of the complaints noted in some earlier reviews no longer apply . If you unplug the base it retains the customization you have put into memory , although you 'll still have to re-enter the time and date.I liked the menu setup for customizing the base set -- it 's quite clear and it 's reasonably logical . And it 's a lot easier than customizing from a manual . But you do need to read the manual before you start so that you understand all the possibilities .
 We 've used this phone , with the maximum 8 extensions , in our home for nearly 2-1/2 years . We have n't experienced any of the problems described by others . No range problems , even outdoors -LRB- base station is in a basement office -RRB- . Phone has never reset , although I have it on a small UPS/surge suppressor so that we do n't lose phone service when the power goes out.The kids abuse the handsets pretty consistently , but in this whole time we 've only lost one -LRB- a guest who accidentally slammed it on a hard floor -RRB- . The phone will need to be reset if you put another phone on the same line , particularly one with caller ID . But it works fine in conjunction with a fax machine and computer modem on the second line.We get a slight bit of interference if talking on the phone next to our microwave oven while it is on . Not bad , but that 's the only time I 've had anything but completely clear connections.Hope this helps !
 DISCLAIMER
 I have had this system for about 1.5 years . I was surprised by some of the negative comments I read here . We have one base and now have 4 cordless handsets . I was about to buy this as a gift for someone and am very curious why others have had range and quality problems that I have n't had.My range is fantastic -- I live on 2.25 acres and my husband takes the handset outside with him when working in the yard and uses it to intercom me -- it works in the whole yard . I 've absolutely never had a range problem in the house -- and ca n't even remember more than once when out in the yard I lost the signal.I find the sound quality good . I use a headset with the cordless handsets all the time -LRB- some user mentioned this being impossible -- it works great if you have a good quality headset -- some are junky -RRB- . Sometimes the shape of the handsets does n't feel comfortable cradled on my ear -- but I use the headset most of the time.One reviewed mentioned it being impossible to get messages from the handsets -- its actually simple . Hitting intercom then 9 brings you into the answering system.My few complaints are -- the issue of not being able to pick up a phone to join in an inprogress call -LRB- or switch phones -RRB- without transfering or conferencing the call in . I believe on the newer models you can set this feature -- -LRB- or on some model at least -RRB- as I purchased an additional handset recently and the directions on it mentioned that you could set to allow call barging -LRB- or whatever it was called -RRB- but you ca n't on my system . this is a pain when someone wants to pick up the line and all talk together or when I answer on the base then want to switch to the cordless -LRB- I have to transfer the call to the cordless -- like an office phone system -RRB- . One anoying thing is that when the power goes off you have to reset the clock and date . It really drives me nuts as our power flicks at least once a week!Overall I am very happy with this product . I 've recommended it to others .
 Having worked in the telecommunications field for the last eight years I am very familiar with complex PBX and Key telephone systems , their features , and how to configure them . I must say that this system is far more easy to program than most anything else on the market that I have worked with . But one must also consider that the 2420 only has a small fraction of the features found in most traditional key telephone systems . The cordless voice quality is far better than any 900 MHz phone I have used . The design is ultra contemporary yet solid . My only complaints are as follows :1 . Lack of a true centralized integrated dialing directory2 . Lack of separate voicemail boxes for multiple users3 . The LCD backlight and contrast on the handset and desk unit is difficult to read under certain lighting conditions . I would have preferred a brighter black on light blue as some newer PCS phones have .4 . Lack of numeric paging notification for new voice messagesAll-in-all I must say the system is a quality product that fills a niche market . There are very few products , if any , that can beat the 2420 in price or performance for under $ 400.00
 Bottom Line
 Ok . let 's get to the basics
 I bought this phone for a small office with 2 phone lines and no pre-wiring . I liked the idea of it having separate answering machines in the base unit -LRB- with messages accessible from any cordless on the system -RRB- , of it being 2.4 gigahertz for range and clarity issues , of it being easily expandable -LRB- in terms of being able to add up to 8 handsets -RRB- and , most importantly , I was thrilled with the idea of beating the phone company on their outrageous charges for installing jacks . We unpacked the units -LRB- base + 3 extensions -RRB- , plugged them in , spent 5 minutes reading the programming instructions , and voila ... we have a fully integrated 4 phone system with lots of features for not a lot of money . It 's a year old now , has worked very well and it was simple to add a 5th phone . My only regret is it can not handle more than 2 incoming lines , but I knew that up front . ADDENDUM
 I purchased this system for use in a 4800 square foot home . The base unit is in my office and all family members have their own handset -LRB- 5 -RRB- . The coverage is excellent and each member having their own phone makes the intercom feature a real advantage . The system also has a feature that blocks the kids from answering my line . Of all the wireless phones I researched this is the best .
 People - read the manual ... READ THE MANUAL !!!! . A lot of your problems can be solved by really getting into the instructions for the phone . I 've been a user of this product for some time now and I think it 's the best phone system I 've ever used . The voice clarity is exceptional both in terms of static free background and pitch . Try comparing to that of a Sony or Panasonic and they will sound like you 're talking in a cave . In terms of batteries , throw the ones they supply away and get yourself some NIMH AAs that have a rating of 1600mAH . Look on the internet for a company called PowerX . They sell their batteries over the net for 4 AAs . They will increase your talk time more than double what you 're getting now . The only thing that bothers me about the phone is the headphone hole on the handsets . I always rest my thumb over it and it 's uncomfortable . I wish they had a smooth plug for it when you 're not using the headset feature . It sounds like some of you just have bad phones to start with . Return them for a new one . I think this phone system will get better and better .
 I 've purchased a number of cordless handsets , the SiemensGigaset 2-Line System -LRB- 2420 -RRB- is one of the best . Besides a host offeatures , which I 've found easy to administer and useful , the addition of handsets and ability to place them without telephone jacks is great -LRB- AC for charger base only -RRB- . Caller ID and the ability to select to play back Caller ID while accessing messages remotely is great . Add-on/Wish list would include a wall model that would hide existing wall RJ11 telephone jack and the ability to select specific lines when remotely accessing messages . Maybe even an built in auto attendant on messaging and separate mailboxes . However not to be mistaken , I not only would purchase this product again , I continue to add cordless handsets . The product is well worth its price . END
 We purchased the Siemens 2420 Gigaset 2.4 GHZ system and two handsets when it first became available several years ago . We use the system in our home.We have not experienced any of the problems mentioned in the negative reviews . We find the handset range adequate . The range allows us to work in the yard -LRB- one acre -RRB- and still anwswer the telephone.We would purchase this product again . It has performed as advertised .
 All the reviewers of this phone who know what a frequency of a phone is please raise your hands . Before purchasing this product I read all of the reviews about how bad the range is . Having technical experiance I knew before hand that the word 2.4 ghz printed on the phone does not refer to the range of the product . Because another phone has 900mhz printed on it and this has 2.4 ghz on it doesnt mean it will go farther , it just the frequency it uses . Knowing this before buying the product will keep you from making a common mistake . No where in the box or manual does it say this phone was designed for range . I have been very pleased with this product which has more features than I could use . I wasnt suprised that the phone was menu driven given the size of the phone how else can all the features be accessed . Overall this is a great phone with almost everything you need .
 I have this unit with 6 handsets . The handsets batteries will last for many hours . I love the fact it uses regular AA size batteries . I put 2500 MaH NiMH in one and after 6 hours of calling it was still half full.The only gripe I have about the base is that the long distance carier prefix ignores pauses that are entered . Sound quality is good . I like the various transfer / conference features it has . The second line is nice -- will be using that for VOIP soon.The styling is timeless and very European . Will not go out of style soon .
 Good phone for the features ... but with some quirks . I 've owned one for several years and ca n't find anything better that has the features I want .1 -RRB- The desk station would shut down on the second ring of an incoming call . All the buttons would light up red and the LCD display would be all blocked out on the second ring . It would then reset itself and repeat the process on the next incoming call.Workaround
 I am very happy with the Gigaset -- It has met my every expectation of performance , including all that it advertised . It is extremely clear , very easy to use , and convenient . I wanted a good cordless phone , but I also needed a system with features compatible for a home office -- 2 lines , conference call , security . The Gigaset was worth much more to me than I paid !
 Well , I 'm sure I 'm not using half the features of this phone but I am benefitting enough from them , so it is worth every penny.DOUBLES AS PHONE AND INTERCOM It is not that our house is so large , but it is annoying when you answer the phone and it is always for someone else , that is the furthest spot possible in the house from where you are . -LRB- must be a Murphy 's law -RRB- . This phone makes it easy to pick up the line and identify that it 's not for you and then route it to the person , it is for . -LRB- too bad it does not also turn down the stereo in the kid 's room too however -RRB- . All you have to do is press intercom and the number of the person you are routing it to and they are rung up . Tell them they have a call and hang up . Also if you expect it 's for you and someone else picks it up , you can join by pressing join L1 or L2 as appropriate.Even when there are no calls you can use the phone as an internal intercom . Unfortunately , the men in our house use this feature to discuss the internet-based games they are playing on the internet together.NO WIRES Anyone who lives in a house 20 years old or older , understands what a pain it can be to have to run new lines to a room for a phone . This phone eliminates that hassle . All you have to do is place the cordless handset near a electrical outlet , once it has been identified to the base station.CAN OUTFIT A WHOLE HOUSE I have 3 teenagers and have two phone lines . One phone line was on both floors , the other , had only been wired to one floor -LRB- because it was such a pain -RRB- . I have 6 of the handsets to one base station and this has really made it wonderful for communication in our house without all the hassle.MANAGES TWO LINES WELL Since we have two lines we were always picking up the wrong one and interrupting a call . This phone senses this and will route you to the free line to make a call . This is really handy.ONLY NEGATIVE IS YOU CA N'T HOLD THIS PHONE WITH YOUR SHOULDERHowever , this is a nasty habit to get into anyway , it can really mess up your neck . Since each phone has a headset jack , if you really need to work hand 's free , you can hook a headset to any one of the handsets . The handsets also all have a belt clip on them for convenient clipping on your clothes.PREVIOUS UNIT I BOUGHT WAS FAULTY Will all those positives aside , the first base unit I bought was faulty . It had terrible sound quality and I returned it to the store I bought it at , for the unit I have today . When I called Siemens , they suspected everything from ceramic floors to metal bed frames causing the problem , I was having . When I got the new base unit it was clear as a bell . This product is worth the wading through the `` oops '' to get to the gem however . I 'm glad I persisted .
 I have n't used this system for a tremendous length of time yet . However , I have run into problems . This review is to help some of the others to solve this problem.The first base unit I purchased with the two extra handsets turned out to be faulty . It seemed very much like the systems that got low marks with the other reviews here . In frustration with crackling and cutting out , I returned the base unit and handset to get another ... Wow , it was like night and day.Prior to returning this unit I called Siemens to see if it was installed wrong or I might have it improperly located . After trying a number of options the service technician pointed out to me that while 2.4 Ghz has greater range -LRB- than 900Mhz -RRB- , it is more sensitive to things like ceramic tile or metal objects . He figured my problems were due to that . Only on the outside did he consider I might have a bad antenna ... I would say I did.I 'm writing this note to tell all of the others out there that got this system , and are experiencing broken up sound and the handsets acting as if they are out of range , to return this for a new base unit . Use your warranty and it will be worth it . This system is way too expensive to put up with this.This system 's features are wonderful and interesting to use . I will write a later review of this . This review was just to inform people that that do n't have to settle for the poor quality they are recieving . It seems to be a mechanical problem .
 I 've had these phones -LRB- the model without the answering machine -RRB- for over a year in two residences . They have worked absolutely perfectly . I get great range , great voice clairty . It is hard to believe I have the same phones after reading the numerous negative reviews . I do keep the phones in their cradles when they are n't in use . As the NiCADs wear out -LRB- whichall NiCADs do in about an year or so -RRB- I replace them with NiMH batteries.An added benefit with these phones is the ability to charge batteries in the phone 's base . I store the batteries for my digital cameras in the base of several of the phones . This keeps the batteries charged and ready to go when I decide to shoot pictures . Much better than leaving the batteries in the camera where they slowly drain .
 I work from my home , and bought a Gigaset 2420 -LRB- with an additional handset -RRB- a year ago to use both as my home office phone and our personal phone system for our home . ... Range / sound qualityIn range , the sound quality is excellent , comparable to a hardwired phone . I commonly use the extensions to talk to customers , and they have no idea I 'm on a cordless . When you reach the edge of the range , there are short dropouts , increasing in frequency until the connection goes entirely . It 's a gradual process - you wo n't walk out of range without knowing it . My base station is on the second floor of my 2600 ft drywall / wood frame house , and I have no range issues indoors . It works fine out the front of the house to the street , about 200 ft. I have some dropouts on the back porch , but because of the angle , there 's a lot of building from there to the base -LRB- a floor , angled roof , and three walls . It would be nice if a `` real '' external antenna could be added to the base.InterferanceMy experience is that the system is very tolerant of interferance from other 2.4 GHz devices . I run a 802.11 b wireless LAN in my home -LRB- so I can roam around with both my laptop and phone ! -RRB- and under normal circumstances experience absolutely no interferance . If I 'm copying a large file over the network to my local server -LRB- ie , pushing the 802.11 b network at maximum bandwidth -RRB- I 'll get very minor dropouts if the phone is right next to the laptop , but it seems to get better over time -LRB- as if the systems are adapting to avoid each other -RRB- . I have heard that the X10 2.4 GHz remote audio and video products can cause pretty serious interferance , but that 's due to poor design of the X10 systems.SpeakerphoneI 've never had any complaints . It 's not a Polycom , but is otherwise as good as any other I 've used.Answering systemVery clear recording - does n't sound `` compressed '' like cheaper units . Good remote features , including a voice guide when dialing in remotely and message skip / replay / delete , etc. . . When using a remote handset to access messages , the LCD on the remote phone displays answering system comands . There are separate configurable outgoing messages for each line , and you can configure limits on how long callers are allowed to record . My major beef with it
 I 'm a bit surprised others had problems programming this phone . The instructions are simple and it 's no more difficult than programming a cell phone . Spend a few moments and learn how to use it and you 'll find a range of interesting features -LRB- for instance , you do n't need to put one caller on hold to answer the other line , just press the other line and the first caller is put on hold automatically -RRB- . It 's not perfect -LRB- I 'd rather see voice mailboxes and a forwarding feature would be a nice addition -RRB- but it 's still a good buy for a home office .
 Looking for a phone at your home office that allows easy expansion and works like an office phone ? Go for it.Looking for an simple dual-line phone to replace your home system and have alot of people who have never experienced an office phone system ? Do n't get it.It does exactly what it was meant to , and does it well . It took about 30 minutes to walk through the manual to get a concise listing of all functions and learn the phone.Contrary to other reviews here the menu systems are pretty straight forward , - especially - if you 've ever had to navigate a PBX phone at work.It 's very easy to switch between lines or flash to an incoming call on call-waiting . Overall ... if you need an office system at home , this one has a good price and good quality . Just be aware it , like all office-style phone systems , has a learning curve .
 The headline summarizes it -- this telephone does it all . Beside that , it does it with ease .1 . It was a snap to install .2 . The caller ID works like a charm .3 . The mail light works even if you employ a message system outside of the one available with the unit .4 . The portable handset has great reach .5 . Siemens customer service is reachable and responsive should you encounter a problem.This is a pricey system , but well worth the money .
 Item was shipped in a flat box that was securely strapped together . Individual pieces were stacked and tightly padded by styrofoam strips . All of the necessary nuts and bolts were included , there were no missing pieces or parts . All of the holes were drilled evenly . For a unit made up composite particle board , I was surprised how nice the Cherry laminate veneer looked , not that it would pass for the real thing of course . I am sure we have all come across some really cheap loking furniture , but not this product . Once assembled , I was pleased at how sturdy and nice looking the unit was . Instructions were easy to follow and I was able to get it assembled in about an hour and 15 minutes . Money well spent . I usually do not post reviews , but thought I 'd let someone who might be interested in this particular brand what to expect .
 Very pleased with quality . All parts in place and fairly easy assembly . Directions were clear and delivery was timely
 I have bought 2 of these . The first one that came was packaged very nice , pretty easy assembly and the directions were easy to follow.Had to purchase a second one -LRB- we miscounted how many DVD 's we had -RRB- . When receiving this one the packaging was great as before but we were missing hardware and hardware was bent . This of course made it a bit difficult but I was able to rig something up to make it work.All in all it is a great storage product . Turns easily and we have DVD 's / Blu-Rays / Video Cassettes / CD 's and box sets in both . The ability to move the shelves around helps a lot.Wish more thought would be placed in the hardware packaging though and the quality for future notes . Also we found it weird that there were not even extra parts that came with it . Never had a product like that before . I expected atleast that for the money you pay for the product
 We 're very pleased with the DVD shelving we 've received . The price was fair , the delivery time was reasonable , and the product serves exactly the purpose for which we purchased it from Furniture Web Mall .
 it was so easy to put together and looks really nice . combined two huge bookshelves of dvd 's into one compact and stylish stand . it gives you an in the movie store feeling .
 You really can not beat these deals , from what I 've seen of the rest of the Internet . My one , single , solitary complaint is that these perfect envelopes are perfectly small !! No ... they come in lots of certain nos . of certain sizes , and to me , there 's always way more small ones than I need ! But very pleased . Already placed 2 orders . A must have for bulk mailers !!
 The name road warrior really fits the quality of these envelopes . This is a bubble mailer that is high quality for a reasonable price.I feel confident that my product will reach its destination safely in these mailers . The road warrior product is what I 'll order fromnow on .
 Great price and quality - if you send alot of dvd 's , cd 's , magazines , etc - this is a high quality mailer that will ensure safety of your item . It is a bit bigger than you would need for a single DVD , it is a perfect size for say 3-5 dvd 's , etc. . Nice quality , nice peel and stick design , definataely a mark up over the high price mailers at the local retailer - pleased w/purchase !
 I bought this combo to replace my 20 + year old telephone/radio/clock . It takes up so much less space . Clarity on the phone is excellent . I love the Caller ID - especially if the phone rings in the middle of the night . I get good reception on the radio and the alarm works well . I think the volume on the alarm could be a bit louder , but hey , what do you want for 20 bucks ? I love it and and it works well for me .
 My daughter gave us this phone for Christmas ... My husband is hearing impaired , he wears two hearing aids and has a hard time communicating over the phone . This phone is loud enough , especially when we push the speaker button -LRB- on the phone , very accessible -RRB- ... my husband hears well ... we purchased 2 more phones for other rooms of the house.AT & T ; DSS PHONE with Caller ID - E2801
 This is an excellent phone . I was looking for a cordless phone with a speaker option built in -LRB- and a mute button -RRB- for when I 'm working from home and need to get on conference calls . This phone has it all , and I could n't believe it was only $ 15 , I expected to pay at least 3 times that much . The call quality is great and people on the calls with me say I sound very clear . I highly recommend this phone .
 I already owned this item which I purchased at Target , before ordering the same Model online from this Vendor . I was extremely satisfied when I received this online order . The phone was brand new and in perfect condition when received and the purchase price was less than half the amount that I paid at Target . I received it almost immediately using the standard shipping method . -LRB- received in about 2-3 days -RRB- I am very pleased and satisfied with this Vendor and would definitely order from them again in the future .
 I LOVE THIS PHONE !!! I originally purchsed one a few months back on Amazon for $ 14.95 plus shipping.I love it so much that I just purchased a second one yesterday at $ 40 delivered . It was the lowest price I found in my research . It is light weight and easy to hold and the sound quality on both the hand set as well as the speaker phone are both excellent.Being hard of hearing and not being able to use a hearing aid on the phone , due to the fact that the hearing aid whistles on phone calls , this is truly a wonderful phone for me and since I have hand function problems it is also wonderful since it is very light weight.I use the speaker phone exclusivley , since it is super loud and no one has complained about the sound quaility , so it must sound fine on the other end.Definetly recomend this phone !
 THIS IS MY SECOND PHONE , SAME MODEL , EXCELLENT PHONE , CLEAR , THATS WHY I PURCHASED A SECOND ONE
 I DID NOT THINK THAT THEY MADE THESE ANY MORE . THE TYPEWRITER IS OLD . I WAS SUPRISED TO FIND IT AND THE SELLER WAS VERY PROMPT WITH DELIVERY . I PUT IT IN AND IT WORKED WONDERFUL . I WILL BE ORDERING MORE .
 It works perfectly and solved the print &#34; shadows &#34; that were occurring with my old printwheel . It came faster than I expected as well .
 Everything is fine with this book , just wish it had more material . Has good material and works well for 6th graders .
 The coin sorter was a gift to my son . He loves money . Its easy to use and works fine .
 We 've been sorting several years ' worth of coins , but the directions say to sort 20 at a time , up to 500 per session , so it takes a while . That said , the sorter is very accurate , and it 's only jammed one time after sorting about $ 150 over several sessions . We 're very happy with the product .
 We have this to keep our coins as we are not coin users & love its small size and convenient drop-in system for a home coin storer . Batteries keep & coins slip in their paper rolls easily .
 I love this bank . It sorts , does n't jam and never mixes the coins ! Great product .
 My grandson asked for this , for a Christmas present , and we had a marvelous time , Christmas morning , piling coins from Grandpa 's jar , into the coin bank . It works beautifully , and it is a great help having the coin tubes along with the bank . It sorts them quickly , feeds them into the coin envelopes , and away you go !! Great fun , and I 'm glad we got it.Corinne McGeorge
 I really don.t catagorize this unit as a toy , and was not purchased as such , but the price and functionality are very good and it suits my purpose will . It takes up some space , but I do not find this a problem . I am happy with this purchase .
 Although the motor is quite loud , it 's a good machine for home use . I just throw in my loose change daily and every few days would run the machine to sort the coins . It has not jammed too badly - only when you do n't pay attention when the tubes are full or put way too many coins in at a time .
 Not being used on a large scale but have n't had any problems with coins not being sorted or getting hung up . Seems to work just fine .
 Works just as it says . I have n't gotten a jam in mine and I put at least 30 coins in at a time sometimes . Looks good on my black furniture and my friends think it 's cool and they put their own change in ; -RRB-
 I bought this for my brother in law after all our nieces and nephews got one for christmas . He wanted one so badly . It 's probably the greatest invention for the money !
 seams to be working very well , the draw slide to pull the rollers out does stick a little but other then that a great product.an option for an A/C adapter would have been a nice touch as well
 I 've owned this for many years and it works great . I dropped it on the floor and the coin drawer is hard to slide in and out now but it still works great other than that . I 've used it in this condition for several years without a problem . It never jams as others complain about and I always overload it with way more than 20 coins at a time , which makes me wonder if the negative reviews are by competitors . I bought mine on ebay for more money than sold here on Amazon . I suspect the seller drop shipped it from Amazon to me . I highly recommend this machine for your coin sorting . Once each tube is full the coins drop off into a holding tray to let you know you have at least one full coin tube . Once full just remove the coin tube and fold over the ends of the paper coin wrapper inside and you have an accurately counted roll of coins . It could n't get easier . Five years and still going strong . It uses c batteries x 2 which seem to last for well over a year . I clean out my pockets and dump the change into the hopper several times per week . I could n't be happier . It is made of plastic and is subject to breakage if dropped or otherwise abused , but what is n't ?
 Granted that it 's only intended for home use , not for people who run stores or banks , it does the job . It does jam occasionally , but I was always able to get it going again . You have to be sure that the tube drawer is fully closed when you turn it on , otherwise coins end up inside the machine and you have to shake them all out .
 Lots of loose change ? Need some cleanup and order ? Buy this for sure . Not only will you have somewhere to put all your extra change , but it will sort and roll them up for you . It saves time . Only get this item if you have plenty of change and/or if you find a lot of change in the dryer and washer , etc. . Remember , this item will be worth it if it helps you to save just as much money as you spent to buy it . That 's the way I looked at it . If you could really use one , get it !
 Bought this for my 21/2 yrs daughter for Xmas . She is in love with this bank . She waits for me to come home & empty out my pocks & tosses the money in . No issues at all w / unit .
 Very pleased with the item . The sorter works and sorts really well . I will definitely recommend this item to others .
 My son loves this . He gets a lot of change and it is so easy to sort and put in tubes . Would recommend this product .
 Good , economical chairs for waiting areas . Easy to assemble and as comfortable as one would expect from a low cost chair . Overall very good .
 I like this phone so far . It beats my last which was a sony . That sony lasted a year and just turned to poop . I never had problems with my Vtechs that I had previous to the Sony . But I learned my lesson . I love the speaker phone on the base and handset . It makes it easy for me to clean and to take care of my son while talking on the phone . Plus I work alot on my computer and I just sit it next to the keyboard and talk while I type . I am still bummed out about the fact it might be discontinued , I cant find it anywhere and the reason Im looking is because i had bought mine 2 weeks ago at Target and the phone was the last one there . I knew I wanted this phone before hand , but I could only find one left at 3 different Targets . It had been bought and returned by someone else . And I think I know why , my caller ID for call waiting doesnt work . I am still looking for another at a different store . I came online to find it but 79.99 compared to the sale price at the stores is a big difference . So I contacted Vtech , my second and last complaint about the phone , is the customer service , She didnt answer my questions very well and told me my warranty expired because I bought it on sale . This is something your not told on the box before you buy it . Besides if the phone is broken or has a disfunctional option shouldnt they replace it no matter what ?
 This is the best phone I have ever bought . The ability to have more than one head set is great . I have been reading the other reviews of this phone and for the people that did not like it or said that it did not work right must of got a bad phone . I have recommened this phone to all of my friends and they all have expressed there thanks to me . The range of the phones , the sound quality , battery life , the features , and the over all strentgh of the phone is the best . I do not have children but I do have a dog and she has a long tail which tends to knock things around all the time . The phone is one of the top targets for her tail.The V-Tech 2431 still works like a charm . By far this is the best phone I ever bought .
 Intercom is the feature that sets this group of phones apart . This vtech model is nice because the base unit is a functioning unit meaning there are two stations in the box . However at -LSB- local store -RSB- they offer the 2430 which has two handsets and the base unit making three stations total . If you need three stations this is economical . It is very rare not to do better on the net and I find this marketing strategy interesting . If you just need two be careful with buying the other brands and finding yourself with a phone and an answering machine . By the time you buy another headset the cost will go up dramatically.The base unit has endeared itself to me with its simple operation . When I am paged at the station it answers and hangs up automatically meaning I don &#8217; t have to lift a finger to begin or end the conversation . The base unit also has battery back up which is important to me in the mountains . It uses the same battery as the hand set so there is always a spare if needed.Ninety percent of my phone business is being done on the base unit with speaker phone and I haven &#8217; t had any complaints yet . When using the handset I set it to handsfree and clip to my collar . This phone has completely changed my habits in just a couple of weeks.I no expert at performance , but I did compare side by side with the Panasonic . They are probably the same phone inside as they look so similar on the outside . The performance was exactly the same . Don &#8217; t microwave while on the phone or crank up 1000 watts of short wave . You can walk to the mailbox , but no driving to the mini mart . It certainly was not as bad as I thought it would be after reading reviews.My only gripe so far is I wish I could lock the key pad on the remote units . I wish I could enter a phone number in one phone and have it be in all three . I wish the base unit had a plug to use a headset when some privacy is needed.In conclusion , you are looking at this phone because you need multiple stations . Make sure you are getting the best price per station , not best price per box . The result of my homework was to get three for $ 165 in the 2430 vTech version . If you need two it looks like Amazon shows some used 2431 units for a great pricexcnick
 I do n't get any of the interference mentioned in other reviews ... this phone works perfectly and I love it . Not sure what they meant about the `` hollow '' sound , as I do n't notice any discernable differences . My handset and base communicate just fine when they 're right next to each other . Handset does n't have speed dial per se , but ability to store numbers for quick dial -LRB- like a phone book on my cell phone -RRB- . As others have mentioned , I like the speakerphone capability on both the handset and base . I like the frequency hopping spread spectrum technology for a more secure call . I like the earpiece compatibility -LRB- 2.5 mm plug -RRB- for hands-free calls . Battery life between charges is great . Definitely like the expandability feature - I went out and bought an additional handset . I like how this phone looks and how it fits in my hand .
 I have owned this phone for less than 24 hours so I ca n't comment on its durability . I have a made a few calls on it and they seem great ... huge improvement over a 900 MHz phone , but anyone who expects perfect reception from a portable phone should probably NOT be buying a portable phone . : -RRB- What I need to comment on is the best feature of this phone , which Amazon incorrectly lists . There are TWO speakerphones on this unit , one in the base and one INE THE HANDSET . The initial product description only says `` base handset . '' Incorrect . Having one in the handset redefines `` portable . ''
 I purchased this Vtech system , with a total of three handsets , as a replacement for one of the original Siemens multiple-handset systems , which had such severe handset malfunction problems and Caller ID deficiencies that I eventually just tossed the whole -LSB- price -RSB- worth in the trash . Ouch!I find the sound quality of the Vtech to be adequate to good.The speakerphone feature on the handsets , while not as good as a dedicated speakerphone , is really great for those times when you need to have both hands free for a minute or two . The handset speakerphone feature really makes this system for me.Entering names and numbers in the directory was n't too difficult , and went quite quickly once I got the hang of it.It 's not perfect , tho , and I have three complaints : First and foremost - you can not transmit the directory entries from one handset to another -LRB- the Siemens system could do this -RRB- , resulting in a royal pain if you have a lot of phone numbers and you want them in all your handsets . Alternatively , if you have Caller ID , you can save the incoming call info in the directory . But this is usually in `` last name , first name '' format , and I personally do n't care for it that way.Second - once you have put a name and number in the directory , you can edit only the number , and not the name - if you need to change the name , you just have to delete the entry and start over.Third - there is no dedicated ringer off/on or volume control button on the handsets - either one would suffice - and the volume control function is several levels down in the menus . This complaint applies to most of these high-tech phones these days .
 I bought the Vtech 2431 after researching numerous phones on the market . What attracted me was the convenience of having a multi-extension cordless system with paging/intercom capabilities as well as having speakerphones with every extension.Let me start by saying that I am happy with this phone and will keep it , but I have a few nits to pick with the overall implementation.Sound - Sound quality is good , even at extreme ranges . At the end of our block the sound quality is as good as it is in our house . There is a very low-level background noise -LRB- I am being extremely picky here -RRB- that I would rate to be about the same as my cell phone on a good day . -LRB- motorola startac -RRB- . Overall the sound quality is better than my Vtech and Panasonic 900 Mhz digital phones and the range is much better.Programming - The programming should be intuitive for most users . It is fairly straightforward but I found the lack of an insert function while editing to be a bit annoying . If you are going to edit an existing number stored in memory , there is no way to insert edit into that number . For instance in our area we recently had an area code change which forced dialing 1 prior to some area codes even when that area code is the same as our own . You could n't simply go in and add the 1 , you had to retype the whole number.Clock - There is none . With all the electronics this phone does have , I do n't know why they did n't add a clock.Display - The display is sharp and readable in all but extreme lighting conditions . The backlit display is very easy to read at night.Caller ID - Works well and supports call waiting caller id in our area . The problem with the caller id function is that it will not pick up a name out of the phone book -LRB- memory -RRB- when the numbers for an ` out of area ' call obviously matches an entry in the phone book memory . Silly . . Memory - You can add numbers manually or you can add numbers from the caller id list , very straight forward except for the previously mentioned editing problem.Speakerphone on base - Very good . As good as any phone I have used except for dedicated conference phones.Base station - The spare battery charger is nice . I wish there were more quick access speed dial buttons -LRB- only 3 are available -RRB- . Speakerphone on extensions - Having a speakerphone on the cordless extension rocks . I really , really like this feature . Sound quality is fairly good for the size of the speaker.Intercom feature - Straight forward and intuitive , works as advertised . Hit Intercom then # of the extension and you can call it directly . You can also put someone on hold , call an extension and use the intercom function to screen the call -LRB- honey , its work on the phone , are you here ? -RRB- . . Overall it 's a very nice phone . I would recommend it to anyone looking for a high end cordless phone .
 Being a person who likes gadgets , I purchased the base and an extra extension , despite the previous reviews on Amazon . Of course , the first place I plugged it in , I got a buzzing sound on the line . I then noticed that the same buzz was there , regardless of using the cordless handset or the speakerphone on the base . It was n't too difficult to figure out that this phone 's base is sensitive to RF noise -LRB- I ca n't tell if it was from the electrical outlet or the phone line -RRB- . I moved the base from the kitchen to the bedroom -LRB- based on an earlier review about noise when the microwave was on -RRB- , and the sound quality is much better . If moving it to another room is n't an option , buy an RF filter at any electronics store . After that , it 's a wonderful phone to have , both in terms of sound quality and features . Also , since the batteries are NiMh , and not NiCad , you can put the phone in the charger whenever you want to without worrying about memory effect . And in my humble opinion , an extremely lightweight phone -LRB- because it has an extremely lightweight battery -RRB- with a charge life of only 2 days is fine , as long as I can put it in the charger it nightly without worrying about memory effect . I say VTech continues to make the best cordless phones out there .
 After reading the other reviews , I was skeptical but wanted to see for myself . I was tired of having 3 different 900 mhz brands in the house , each with it 's own features , speed-dials , and so on . I followed the directions -LRB- charged overnight before connecting to the phone line , installed it upstairs away from applicances , etc. -RRB- to avoid previously mentioned pitfalls and absolutely love this phone.My original order was for the base and 1 handset . I have since ordered the -LRB- max -RRB- additional 3 handsets . Although I thought the speakerphone built in to the handset was frivolous , my wife -LRB- currently nursing our daughter and often with her hands full -RRB- loves this feature . Audio quality is excellent and range is better than any of our 900 mhz phones . Memory storage is simple as are the other features.Kudos to VTech . Only nit is that when you place the phone face down on a hard surface , it tends to turn the intercom on . If you stand it up , no problem .
 After reading a number of other reviews , I was n't sure that they were talking about the same phone I recently bought . Here 's why I bought the phone and my take on the quality of the features that were most important to me : -- Voicemail Waiting Notification
 I bought the phone 10 months ago for its incredibly cool look and for its selectable ringer . It 's been a big improvement over the horrendous AT&T cordless 900MHz phone that I owned previously -- that phone made the simple task of answering a call troublesome.The handsfree and speakerphone modes are great , as are the phone 's easy programmability.The handset has good range . Unfortunately , there 's a very slight but noticeable buzz in the earpiece , and when I record outgoing messages on my voice mail , I can tell that the microphone has been adding background noise to my voice even in a quiet room ; it sounds like I 'm talking through a speakerphone . Furthermore , the earpiece is highly directional -- when I move my ear just a wee bit up or down the headset , I ca n't hear the caller anymore.The earpiece problem was solved when I bought a headset . -LRB- I was n't comfortable with a 2.4 GHz transmitter parked next to my brain , and I like to have my hands free during long conversations . -RRB- The buzz vanished -- wahoo!So now I have an incredibly cool-looking phone that also works acceptably well .
 I would definitely agree with the reviews stating that the range is limited , but I have noticed similar opinions on other 2.4 ghz phones also . In a direct comparison , the range seems to be just about identical to my old 900mhz analog AT&T cordless phone . However , clarity within that range seems to be slightly better on this phone . The range is AT LEAST 150 feet . Otherwise , it has just about every feature you could possibly imagine
 so far i like the phone . . we got the base unit and one other handset . . Likes
 I 've had this phone for about a year now , and the only thing I can complain about is that it does n't have an answering machine in it . After reading other reviews on this phone I 've noticed many people complaining about the range of it . For me the range is great . I 'm able to go anywhere in the house and outside with it . Yes after some distane I start getting static , but that 's going through concrete and a few walls . If you need something that goes beyond 100 feet , why do n't you just use a cell phone ?
 This ... this is the best cordless telephone that I have ever seen or used in my life . It is just ... awesome !!! I cant believe how well it works and how fast it charges . The only problem I have is that there is very light , extremely light static that is not adjustable except to get away from appliances and replocate the base . This is the best phone i have ever used and plan to use it through another 10 years -LRB- had it for a year and is like mint -RRB- Best phone ive ever used .
 I 'm not sure about the others complaining of bad sound/poor range . I found neither to be true . The range exceeds that of my last two 900MHz phones ~ 125-150 feet -LRB- through several brick walls -RRB- . Loaded with features ; the handsfree on the handset is very nice , although it can be difficult to hear with a lot of ambient room noise because the speaker is on the back of the handset and it gets washed out if the TV or radio is on . Very nice menu features and the volume control `` goes to 11 , '' that is , the high end is probably louder than you 'd like - which is a refreshing change -LRB- I 'm sure the people that use the loudness feature on pay phones might appreciate this -RRB- .
 I read the reviews on this phone before buying and was a bit skeptical because of some of the negatives , but took a chance . I work out of my home so a good phone is important to me . So far this phone is more than I expected . -LRB- I 've had it about 3 weeks -RRB- It was the only phone that had everything I was looking for
 In December 2000 , I had tried a Panasonic KXT2570 2.4 GHz phone , and while it looked really good and the specs were promising , I was not happy that it sounded so hollow on the other party 's end -LRB- another reviewer complained of the same problem -RRB- . We returned that phone , considered a Siemens product , but were shown the VTECH . I had never held VTECH in high regard , but after using this product , I 'm a VTECH fan.It 's a very small phone , which can be a problem for those with large hands . But considering that most people have adapted to life with mobile phones that are already way too small , I think the VTECH is pretty easy to live with.The speakerphone built into the handset was a VTECH first -LRB- in December of 2000 -RRB- and it 's been really helpful for those times when I 've had to be on hold for a long time . Many phones now have this same feature.The 2.4 GHz and small size means that I can put this phone easily in my pocket as I follow my kids around as they play in the front or back yards . The range is pretty good , and I have my mobile phone anyway , if I wanted to go really , really far . The display has all sorts of useful information . I do not currently subscribe to caller-id services , and I was pleased to see that the display did n't default to a meaningless text message when the handset was idle -LRB- the Panasonic phone used to display a confusing message that only served to remind you that you needed to subscribe to caller-id -RRB- . As with other phones in this genre , the base and handset can talk to each other in intercom fashion . If you buy additional handsets , they can intercom with each other too.AT & T offers a very similar phone to this one , and I 'm pretty sure that VTECH makes that model -- or that AT&T and VTECH are using the same supplier.I had a problem with the phone about six months into using it , something that VTECH had already fixed in the newer phones , and they gladly took the phone back and replaced it with a newer one that works much better.I wish that the base and the remote phones could all share the same database of phone numbers , but this is also a problem on phones made by other manufacturers , and VTECH is n't to be strongly faulted on this.This is a really nice phone , and I think it 's about as good as the other phones that are out there . I 'm pretty sure that a better phone would cost a lot more , and that it would also have its own set of gaudy looking controls or useless features to justfiy the higher price -LRB- the current line of Panasonics comes to mind -RRB- . If nothing else amazes you about this product , buy this phone simply to impress your friends by your amazing style and the `` wow '' factor that it brings . Everyone who has used our phone has liked it , some even thought it was a cell phone .
 I 've owned a number of cordless phones , and none of them has worked as well as the VTech phone . VTech must have fixed any buzzing problem , for the audio sounded incredibly good . The hands-free system works as well as any hands-free system I 've ever used . As far as the range goes , you ca n't use the phone from the community , but I was able to use it from three houses down the block , and it covers my two-story house and 1/4 acre of property without a glitch . The caller ID and voice messages work perfectly on my unit . The only drawback with this unit is the caller ID display uses a small font that can be hard to read .
 Used this phone for 5 months now , and it 's still working perfectly . I do n't understand the various negative comments that I 've seen . The only negative aspects that I 've experienced are
 I 've had the VTech 2431 for a few months now and it has performed well . Sound quality is good -LRB- provided the microwave is not running -RRB- and it 's packed with nifty features . Also it looks nice sitting on the counter top due to its stylish design . On the negative side , I 've found the earpiece to be a bit uncomfortable for long conversations , mainly due to the small size of the handset . Also I expected the range to be better ... performance falls off greatly once I venture outside the house.But if you do n't feel you need tons of range , this small , stylish phone is a fine choice .
 You have got to choose this phone - I have had it for two years , and can easily say I will never switch !!!! It has NEVER given me a problem - The intercom feature is nice , and the speakerphone on the handset is the clearest around !!! A definate pick !!!
 I used this phone in the Bahamas , where the phone lines are not the best , while staying at a large private house and I was impressed with the features and clarity while talking on the phone . I live in an area that has phone line problems and I keep purchasing new cordless phones . I have finally found one that meets and exceeds my expectations . I highly recommend this phone to anyone . Do follow the directions on where you install the phone .
 I really like the Vtech 2431 . The speaker phone function works great . Most people ca n't even tell when I use the speaker phone . Too bad it is discontinued .
 This is by far the best phone I 've ever had , I love the features , simple to understand -LRB- user friendly -RRB- . On top of this I got it second hand and it still was better than my 5.8 Ghz Panasonic I got brand new . If I can find another one I would go for it . Too bad that some got some that were not good other wise it is a great phone . Another very good thing it that the batteries are very good and they are dirt cheap .
 I 've owned the 2431 since 2000 and love it . I 've never replaced the rechargable battery pack ! I 'm thinking about doing it since it only stays charged for about three days.I 've tried other cordless phones , and this is the one I compare them against . None have gotten close to the overall quality of this one.What I like about it : - fantastic coverage : I can walk down the street a ways and still have excellent reception , where other cordless phones usually drop . - ergonomic
 Loved the ability to have four phones in my house all hooked up to one base wirelessly . No phone jacks where I needed a phone most , so this was perfect . Great sound clarity , handset controls and even more cool was that this phone was on all the tv shows at one time or another!Anywho , a great phone . Never had problems with signal except when walking in front of a working microwave oven .
 I 've had this phone about a month now , and it 's far and away the best cordless phone I 've ever had . The secondary functions are fairly user friendly , and has everything you 'd want . I love the onboard speaker phone , especially for when I 'm stuck on hold . I can use my cell phone headset with it , and it 's truly hands free when using the included belt clip .
 I just bought this phone , and it is the best thing that I have ever bought . I do n't know why people are `` Dissapointed '' with this item . It goes pretty far , like a couple of blocks , and has tons of features . The only dissadvantage with this item is that an answering machine is not built into it . There is a site where you can purchase the answering machine that goes with it , but I can not recall it . This phone also has a speaker on the back of the handset . So you can push a button called `` Handsfree '' and just talk into the back of the phone if your ear is getting tired . This phone is a MUST BUY !!!
 I first heard about this phone from my friend . He has this phone , I was surprised with the clear speakerphone . I will sure buy it soon . It seems like everyone is out of stock with them . I would recommend it to anyone . ITS A GREAT PHONE .
 This is the best cordless phone I have ever purchased . It costs a pretty penny , but the features are worth it.The sound quality is very good . I get a slight hum , but not terribly distracting . The speakerphone -LRB- built into the handset -RRB- is very impressive . The listener on the other end can hear me as well as having the handset to my lips.What really sold me is the capability of this phone to add more than one handset to the base . This is going to work quite well in my apartment , which has a dearth of phone jacks.The complaints I have about this phone are quite minor .1 . The DTMF tones are too short . When keying in voicemail pins , etc , I have to hold the buttons a split second longer than I 'm used to . Keying in DTMF sequences quickly is difficult .2 . The handset ca n't be cradled between neck and shoulder , but then again , I use this phone with a 2.5 mm headset , which just so happens to work with my Motorola StarTac .3 . When using the phone on my ear for too long , the screen gets covered with ear gunk . Not a big deal . Wipe it with a Kleenex every so often .
 I was hesitant to buy a 2.4 Ghz phone at all based on what I had been reading but I really wanted the speakerphone and pager/intercom features as well as to upgrade from -LRB- yeek -RRB- my 45 mhz phone from 9 yrs ago . So I plunged in and am SO happy that I did . The phone performs really well , is super easy to set up , and has great features to play around with . In terms of range I went all the way across our property -LRB- to where my husband hides at the hammock -RRB- and was still able to make a phone call - the distance is at least 300-350 feet from the house and it goes past a large stand of trees . -LRB- we live out in the country where there 's not much `` noise '' so this might contribute to my success with reception and things -RRB- In terms of the background `` hiss '' that some folks have mentioned - i was really concerned about this because one of my pet peeves is noise on the line . The `` hiss '' is more like white noise and its so far in the background that you really have to listen for it and once you get talking on the phone you do n't hear it 'cause you 're chatting or listening to the other party on the phone . The person on the other end , by the way , ca n't hear it at all - so do n't worry like I did - it does n't interfere with the call . For the speakerphone , i called my voicemail at work to see what it sounded like and it was great - it did n't cut out or anything and its so easy to use . A great feature since the speakerphone is on both the base and handset . I ordered two additional handsets but they 're on backorder so I have n't been able to try out the intercom function yet . Its easy to program in the numbers , you can easily delete names and numbers if you decide you do n't like someone anymore , the keys and menus on the little screen are intuitive ans easy to navigate through . Yup - 5 big stars from me !
 This is a good cordless phone
 This is hands down the best portable phone I have ever owned . I have had a Vtech 900mhz phone before which was great , but this is even better . Its loaded with great features , and easy to use menu , the caller ID works great , and its style is amazing . The quality of the phone is terriffic , and only after a substancial distance will it begin to cut out . I reccommend this phone to everyone , its worth Every Penny !
 This phone stood up to SOOOO much abuse . Living with 14 girls in a house with only one phone for a year was pretty bad . Not only was it constantly in use , but it was dropped off the top bunk , thrown against a wall -- and it kept working great.Caller ID , speakerphone on the base & handset , and an answering machine all in one , for a pretty reasonable price.Overall , a good phone for the amount you pay , and mine has lasted for years , and is still in great working condition .
 I bought this phone after much online research . None of the problems have come true for me . The sound quality is excellent . The range is very good . The speakerphone in the base is very convenient and using it is indistinguishable from using the handset . The handsfree option in the handset is great , especially when working my way through touch tone menu options . Another very nice surprise was that this phone works with verizon voice mail . We know we have a message without checking for the fast dial tone . Some features are a bit annoying and hopefully will be added to future versions . Each handset keeps an independent list of `` saved '' numbers . It would be nice to program the numbers in just once and have them available from any handset , but this process must be repeated for each phone . I will buy another vtech system when the price goes down .
 I just purchased the VT2431 , and am quite pleased with its performance . Despite the rather faint white noise , the phone has well surpassed my expectations . I was really leary on purchasing this phone , after reading the comments on here , but I thought I would be different . I received a range that well surpasses My VTech 900 MHz phone , and I also noticed that I did receive the break-up problem . Solution ? I moved the base a few inches and VOILA ! The problem was gone . I would definately recommend this phone because of its features , range , clearity , and expandibility . If you are in the market for a 2.4 GHz phone , they all have fallbacks . This phone seems to have the fewest .
 This is probably the nicest home phone available . I 'll break it down to what I like and dislike about it : Likes : + Great styling , small size , good weight , comfortable to hold , ergonomic . + Easy to use menu system . I was able to figure everything out in just minutes before I even opened the manual . + Like previous VTechs with CID , it has the ability to dial and end calls like a cellphone . + Speakerphone in handset , it gets plenty loud enough . + Backlit LCD makes it much easier to read than non-backlit phones . + Backlit keypad , a practical feature that is omitted from other `` high-tech '' phones like Cybergenie , Engenius , Siemens , etc. + Full dot-matrix display which helps readability . + 3-full lines for CID , much better than my previous 2-line VTech 900MHz . Dislikes : - Background noise . My phone picks up a low-level static/noise/buzzing even with all computers and electronics turned off . It 's not loud or disturbing , I only hear it when no one is speaking . My 900MHz VTechs were crystal clear in comparison . - Durability of finish . The store displays I 've seen all have spots where the silver paint wore off of the handset and base . Mine is still looking new , but I 'm very careful when I set it back in its base . - Slower response than my 900MHz phones . When the phone is idle and I pick up and press a button , there is a slight delay . It 's just a few milliseconds , but noticeable . - Lack of tactile feedback in the keypad . I noticed some display models had a lot more tactile feedback than mine . I guess VTech must have changed something between the first phones and mine . - Lost the side-mounted volume buttons that my 900MHz VTech had . Putting volume into a soft key was a step backwards , even Nokia added the volume buttons onto the side of their cellphones.There is a lot I think VTech could do to refine it , like scroll up/down hard buttons , ability to mark memory entries as `` Global '' and have them sync with other handsets , and mapping some of the memory entries to the numeric `` speed-dial '' numbers . However , so far as home phones go , this is one of the best I 've seen . Not the best in sound quality , but when features and styling are taken into account , definitely a top choice . The < $ ... price tag makes it worthwhile . The only thing that would be much better is if Nokia made a land-line home version of their popular 6160 cellphone .
 I live in rural Minnesota , am on call to a local hospital but also like to garden . I selected this phone because I liked the options of answering from the handset , or if that was missing , from the base unit . I liked its near weightlessness but found it impossible to balance between my ear and shoulder . I also was n't fond of the echo I heard when I talked . Instead of returning it I purchased a Plantronics M175 headset and the difference was miraculous . I now love this phone , ignoring my husband 's frequent remarks about taking orders for McDonald 's . I have had no reduction in sound quality up to 200 yards -LRB- the distance to the mail box -RRB- despite the fact that the base is next to my refrigerator -LRB- not encouraged by the manufacturer -RRB- .
 I have had the VTech 2431 only a few days now , and I am very impressed . The handset design is excellent . It looks and feels like a nice cell phone . It is relatively light but not to make it feel cheap . The Soft Keys for display functions work very well . the display is large enough to read and are backlit once a button is touched . With Caller ID you have the ability to store up to 50 names and numbers . You can also add names and numbers though the easy to use Soft Keys and the large display . One of the best features of the handset is the Handsfree function . The speaker is loud enough to hear someone while you have the phone attached to your waist with the belt clip . No headset needed . The intercom feature works well , even for a single guy needing to transfer a call from the base to one of the handsets . The base unit has an indicator for voicemail , even if you have the service from your phone company . It has a memory key so you can program your access number to voicemail so there is one button access . The handset also has a message waiting indicator on top so you know if there is a message waiting also . The only issue I have with is is that with the 2.5 GHz when I stand near the running microwave , the signal breaks up . Also plugging it into an outlet away from a computer , or microwave keeps out feedback . This is the coolest phone I have ever had . And what makes it so great is that everything works !
 We bought this phone the other night , when we got home and plugged it in to charge we realized we only bought the accessory phone . So the next day we went and bought this one and decided to keep the extra one . It works really great . We only have one phone jack in the house so the extra one comes in handy for the kitchen , no phone jack needed for that , just plug it in to the electrical outlet and you are off ! It has some really nice features . Great sound . I used the speakerphone and the person I was talking to didnt even know I was on the speakerphone . Must be good enough quality for that to happen . This is the best phone for the price range . We are very pleased with the outcome of these phones .
 vtech has finally lost weight with their new phone , the vt2431 is about the size of a cellular phone and the base-speakerphone is the size of a paperback book , small in size but big on features.the handset has a built in speaker and the sound is great , four ringer sounds to choose from.the only weak point might be that the range is not the greatest , maybe 60 or 70 ft from the base , but overall this cordless phone is well `` up there '' in the new styles and features.its a keeper in my book !
 I first bought the panasonic 2500s and ended up having to return it because the sound quality was unbearable , I then went with this v-tech 2431 because of high praise from my family , the phone is stupendous , it is much smaller than you might think from looking at the picture up above , the sound quality is great , I even purchased an additional handset for my mother , it is like having your own office or something because you can call each handset from another handset or base . It is better than what the picture depicts , you wo n't be dissapointed , Get It !! I did
 At first I was a little hesitant to buy this phone because it only had an average of three stars , but it had the features I wanted at a reasonable cost so I took a chance ... I like the phone . The sound quality is good -LRB- not great -RRB- , and the range is very good . I can wander all through the house without breaking up or losing quality . There is a little background `` hum '' -LRB- some others have also reported this -RRB- , but that may be because it sits on my desk next to my computer , scanner , lamp , etc. . The noise is n't distracting though ... The speakerphone on the base is very good -LRB- not great -RRB- and is clear both ways . The coolest feature has to be the speakerphone on the handset . The handset is pretty small -LRB- cell phone size -RRB- so you could easily get a cramp in your neck if you had to hold it there for too long . You can put the handset down on the counter -LRB- or desk , or whatever -RRB- and still carry on your conversation without risking neck injury ...
 I spent months reading reviews and shopping for phones . I thought I might be unrealistic in my expectations but found the VTec phone to live up to almost all of them . And considering the great price , you ca n't go wrong.Adding numbers from caller ID into storage is a breeze . I just wish it took more than 50 numbers into memory . And Vtech has thoughtfully provided a feature to allow you to choose to add an area code or a `` 1 '' into a number before storing or dialing.Transering calls from phone to phone and using the intercom has been a blessing for me . I can receive a call in the middle of the night and transfer it to my roommate without walking down three flights of steps to his bedroom . It has also eliminated the yelling from room to room to find someone in the house.Also , the phone will tell you if the line is in use so you do n't have to face those annoying interuptions when someone else in the house picks up the phone to make a call while you are on another call.There are a few features I wish VTec would consider . -LRB- 1 -RRB- you can easily erase the caller ID memory on each phone but you can not erase the caller ID memory from all phones at once . -LRB- 2 -RRB- even with the volume control on the phone , my handset will not go as loud as I would like it to . -LRB- 3 -RRB- there are too many key strokes to sort through memory .
 I first bought the panasonic 2500s and ended up having to return it because the sound quality was unbearable , I then went with this v-tech 2431 because of high praise from my family , the phone is stupendous , it is much smaller than you might think from looking at the picture up above , the sound quality is great , I even purchased an additional handset for my mother , it is like having your own office or something because you can call each handset from another handset or base . It is better than what the picture depicts , you wo n't be dissapointed , Get It !! I did
 This is the base unit that supports up to 4 handsets and comes with 1 handset . Works fine . I like the handsets as the voice is clear and there is a handsfree mode on the base as well as the handsets . Great product .
 I have had the phone for over four years now and i love everything about it . With most cordless phones you have to get more then one type and with this one you can get just another handset and if your not near the hand set or your to lazy to find it just pick up on the speakerphone . What is n't there to love about it . If you are looking for a long lasting good quality phone this is the one for you .
 I bought the VTECH based on size and features -LRB- very hard to tell the range and sound quality in the store -RRB- . I planned to test it and return it , if the range was not good enough . Well , the range is not good enough and the sound has an echo and tinny quality but I still own it . Why ? The feature are so good that I use it as my desk phone and sometime use it to move away from the desk . The momory book with names is great , the multiple memory redial is great , the speaker phone in the handset is great and the speakerphone in the base is great . It would be the best phone I have ever owned , if it had better range and sound quality .
 BELIEVE ME ... this phone rocks . I have been through about 5 cordless phones over the last year and half and it was incredibly frustrating and irritating . Horrible reception , short battery life , weird quirks.All was resolved with this phone . I 'm serious ... this phone is great . I was hesitant to buy Vtech since I was n't familiar with the brand - THESE ARE THE PHONE EXPERTS . I read some of the negative reviews that other people wrote about this phone and i could NOT disagree more ! Everything about this phone is worked out and streamlined . No more hassles .
 I 've been searching for the perfect phone for many many years -- this is it . It has every feature I want
 I purchased the Vtech 2431 phone along with a satellite phone a few weeks ago . I absolutely love it ! My daughter wanted a phone in her room , but there was no phone jack and I did n't want to think about how much it would cost to have another jack installed . The ` satellite ' phone has solved that problem and she just loves the neat , small design with Caller ID . This light-weight phone can be easily carried around using the belt loop or in your pocket . There is an area in the base to charge an auxiliary battery -LRB- not included -RRB- that stays charged and ready in the event of a power failure . You can then still use your phone for up to 5 hours ! The only thing that would make this phone perfect is if it came with an answering machine . I can envision all phone systems of the future consisting of a base phone plus ` satellites ' for the rest of the house .
 I almost did n't buy this phone because of the negative reviews posted here . It sounded like there were too many problems with this model . My previous experiences with VTech were good , though , so I took a chance . I 'm glad I did.This is a great phone . The sound is good in the both handset and speakerphone modes . The range is good all over my house and yard . I did have to read the instructions to figure out the menu , but it did n't take long . The intercom feature is very convenient.One warning , do n't buy this phone if the only place you have for it is next to a microwave or computer . They DO interfere with the phone.We really like having this phone , and use it a lot .
 I was concerned about some of the negative comments made about the VTech phones , but my experience has been very positive . I had a couple Panasonic 2.4 units , but both developed a problem with static making it impossible to hear anything , so I will now tell people to avoid the Panasonic -LRB- zero star rating -RRB- . I have only had the VTech phones for a short period of time , but so far , they have worked better than the Panasonic and the features are absolutely fantastic !!! I have the base and 3 handsets . Following are comments about my experience with the VTech phones.Sound qualityFor base unit , the speaker phone works great ... I have no complaints at all about sound quality.For handheld normal mode , the sound quality is generally pretty good . It has been at least as good as the Panasonic and with features like volume control and mute , it is the clear winner.For handheld handsfree mode , the feature is very useful , but sometimes the sound output breaks up . In general , I think the sound quality is still usually good.Range / DistanceI can go down the block to my mailbox , so the range is about the same as the Panasonic.FeaturesWith things like the speakerphone , multiple handsets , handsfree mode , intercom , mute and volume controls , hold and transfer calls ... the VTech work great for me !!!
 I want everyone out there to know that this is the best digital phone I have owned , and I have been through a few ! I even purchased a pricey top of the line V-tech phone which turned out to be replaced due to malfunctions 3 times ! This phone allows you to use head phones , and be heard by and hear your callers as if they are right there with you . The only thing that could be improved about this phone is that the batteries tend to run low in about 4-5 hours , so if you use the phone as much as I do then you will want to get a back up battery . -LRB- I work from home and use the phone frequently -RRB- . You will not believe how great the quality of this phone is ... my recommendation - buy it !
 Purchased as a `` bedroom '' phone in my home . It is not solid feeling -LRB- which I equate with quality -RRB- , but it is a great phone with excellent reception . The base is not too big , which is perfect for a smaller table -LRB- like a nightstand -RRB- . It has hi and lo tone quality rings -LRB- as well as soft and loud -RRB- . Have n't used it for long , but am very pleased .
 This is only the second cordless phone ever owned and the first 900MHz of any kind . That said , I 'd like to say it 's a nice phone . Listeners on the other end could hear me clearly . I have a little feedback on my end , like I was speaking into something hollow , but it 's very tolerable .
 If you do n't want to shell out the money for the price of a 2.4 phone then this is the phone for you . Even without the rebate it is well worth the price .
 Set/wood quality very good for the price and easy to assemble . I was missing several flat washers and lock washers when I assembled but I think my 2yr old was responsible rather than the manufacturer.I would have rated this 5 stars except for the fact that the finish is typical China quality -LRB- poor -RRB- . You can scratch the finish of with your fingernail . So , if cherry is the color you want , I strongly suggest a coat of polyurethane before assembly . I wanted oak so the poor finish was a plus since I started stripping it as soon as it arrived . The wood refinished extremely well and the set looks fabulous in oak stain as well.I did a lot of online and store shopping and you will not find anything this good for a price this low anywhere .
 I bought the 1st one cause it was inexpensive.I was so impressed by the quality vs. $ $ that I got a 2nd one . We moved out to the country ; lot 's of space with a guest house and a barn so I bought a 3rd with wireless phone jacks and they have worked out perfectly . We have even given them as gifts and our friends really like them . The range on them is impressive , the voice clarity & sound are better than most , the batteries last 4ever and we have no compaints about the phones ; We 've crashed them , drowned them , stepped on them , you name it ... and they have survived and kept their quality intact . In this day and age where there is a lot of junk on the market for big bucks this was really a pleasant surprise . We highly recommend this phone .
 Fantastic Phone for the price ... rebate . Make sure to follow directions and not plug in phoneline until battery has been charged for 15-20 hours . Can adjustringer , and volume of speaker when listening . Mounting for wallis simple-although no screws to hold phone base was included.Voice clarity was excellent-maybe I got lucky . Has a channelchange to supposely find best reception .
 Works great . No problems . Inexpensive . What else is there to say .
 I 'm not sure what was wrong with the other reviewer 's phones , but my first test of this system at home went quite well . I walked out of my house and to the side walk and still got good reception .
 The Uniden EXS 9966 is a great phone at a great price . Before I purchased it , I read the reviews from other customers . They were quite helpful in my decision-making process as most everyone thought it was a good phone . In one review , the reviewer identified as `` An electronics fan from Mercer Island , Washington '' wrote , `` The only bad thing is , when you receive a phone call on this phone , another phone can not be used to answer -LRB- e.g. call is for somebody in another part of the home -RRB- . Likewise , when another phone is used to answer a call , this phone can not be used to pick up . '' This statement turns out to be false . I have used this phone extensively transferring from one phone to another without a problem . A couple things are different from the Uniden 900MHz digital phone it was replacing . First , when a line is in use and you press the line button -LRB- Line 1 or Line 2 -RRB- , if the line is already in use , you hear three beeps and the LCD display indicates the line is already in use . All you have to do is press the line button again and you will join the conversation that is already in progress on that line . -LRB- This would apply to a conversation in progress or for transferring a call from one phone to another . -RRB- Second , if you are on one line and wish to transfer to the other line , you would think you would need to press the Hold button , then the other line button . With this phone , if you forget to press the Hold button before changing lines , it places the line on hold automatically . This is a nice touch so that you do not inadvertently disconnect the first call when attempting to answer a second call . All in all , I would recommend the purchase of this phone.One last thing-Amazon . com had the best price I could find by about $ 40 . I do n't know how they could be that much below other vendors -LRB- both Web and local brick and mortar -RRB- but they are . And , as you know , the service here is GREAT !
 After having used six different cordless 2 line phones , I finally found one that deserves a top rating . Excellent sound clarity , useful features , and none of the classic cordless annoyances that typically bug you.Buy an extra battery and you can uyse this phone in a power outage , as the base will run off the spare battery . With a keypad and speaker phone on the base , you can even operate when you 've left the handset in the other room . The handset includes all the top end features that I would want
 This phone works really well - I have had no problems . One of the reviews above states that the phone can not be used to answer calls picked up 1st by another phone or vice versa . This is not true . Hold the button a little longer to answer on a `` line in use '' . Just a feature to keep you from jumping in on someone accidentally.Have no fear - buy it .
 I have used a lot of cruddy phones over the years , both corded and cordless . This is the best built cordless phone I have ever come across . Sound quality is absolutely flawless , not a hint of interference . With other 900 MHz phones people used to ask me `` is something wrong with your phone ? '' With this one they can not tell I am on a cordless . And on my end , the sound is plenty loud and totally clear.The `` spread spectrum '' is an important security feature that makes it a lot harder for scumbags to eavesdrop on your phone call . That 's important if you value your privacy and/or if you expect to be saying things like credit card numbers over the phone.The lighted keypad is very clear , feels good , and is easy to use . The buttons have a nice rubberized feel and are not undersized.The battery lasts and lasts . It seems I can leave the phone off the hook for days and it still works , or can make a 2 hour phone call with no problem.The trade-off for all this is that the handset is not small . In fact it 's a bit clunky , probably the biggest cordless handset I have seen in the past two years . It works so well I scarcely mind , but if you 're a person who likes to carry the phone all around the house just in case it rings , this model may be too big for you.The controls are labeled a little unconventionally . Guests to our house find it confusing that you have to press `` Line 1 '' to talk , instead of just dialing , or having some clearer button label like `` Talk '' . But once you learn how the controls work they make perfect sense and in fact seem rather clever.The speakerphone built into the base works too , but the sound of your voice is badly compromised , just like on most sub - ... speakerphones . You wo n't want to use it much , and neither will whoever you are talking with . If I used the speakerphone feature much , the rating of this product would plummet . But I suspect most people , wo n't want to use it much .
 With teenage daughters in the house , all our phones get a lot of use . We really need both lines , caller ID , call waiting , the whole works . We have had other cordless phones over the years , and still have two different Panasonics , another Uniden , and this model EXS9966 . All of them get their fair share of use , but this phone is everyone 's favorite . The sound is crystal clear . The range is remarkable , up to 500 feet from the base . The battery life is healthy . But the real reason everyone likes this phone is it is to easy to use . The buttons are large and easy to read . The handset buttons and display light up when in use . The memory holds more numbers than we need , and it is easy to access . You can easily begin a call on the base speakerphone , then switch it to the handset by merely lifting it off the base . This is makes waiting on hold easier . The handset is always getting carried off to other rooms , but it 's easy to find with the page/intercom button . My one minor gripe is that it can be hard to find the `` hold '' button on the handset -LRB- it is the same as the Caller ID button -RRB- . But teenage girls ca n't be wrong , and like I said , this is everyone 's favorite phone .
 I have been happy with every feature of this phone -LRB- mostly the price - thanks amazon -RRB- . Can walk half way down the block with out so much as a hint of static .
 Here are the positives
 Great phone ! Jay 's a clown .
 We bought this phone after my wife insisted that our standard Uniden 900 Mhz sound quality was n't good enough , so we opted for the digital spread spectrum model . It 's definitely an upgrade . We have the 9980 model , which has an excellent digital answering machine and one line . The battery in the phone itself is a bit weak -LRB- If you forget to hang it up it dies -RRB- . My favorite factor with all of the Uniden models is that they have a very tactile feel . When you push a button , you know it , no mush . It 's the only brand on the market that seems to have that feel -- sort of the way nothing used to feel like an IBM keyboard , if you know what I mean . It 's also a comfortable and lightweight phone , not too small like many phones nowadays -LRB- who wants a teensy phone that has a microphone two inches from your mouth ? -RRB- . All in all , I like it plenty , and it 's also the top-rated cordless brand in Consumer Reports.Enjoy !
 I bought this phone because of it 's range and sound quality . I 've used a number of other cordless phones and been very disappointed.I 've had my Uniden 9966 about 3 months , and so far the only thing I can complain about is the unwieldy way you have to enter names into the memories . But that 's a one-time annoyance.The sound quality is as clear as a bell . While some people have complained about humming , so far , I have n't heard it . I picked up a cheap AT&T headset , and my hands are free , and no one complains about how I sound.The range has been excellent - I can use the phone up to two blocks from home and the sound quality remains excellent . All around the house , even to the far edge of the back-yard , or over at neighbor 's houses , just is n't a challenge to this phone.The batteries consistently give me 4 hours of talk time . Since I 'm on the phone a lot , this means I charge the batteries every night . I 'd love to get more battery life , but I really ca n't complain about it .
 This phone is great . I have never had interference of any kind . I love how the phone numbers are stored WITH names that you can just scroll through and select . The only bad thing is , when you receive a phone call on this phone , another phone can not be used to answer -LRB- e.g. call is for somebody in another part of the home -RRB- . Likewise , when another phone is used to answer a call , this phone can not be used to pick up .
 This is a great cordless phone , easy to use with intelligent functions . It has a great design with display of easy reading and good visualization . A great purchase . Go ahead !
 A good buy with a good discount from Amazon , this phone works great up to 1000 feet from my house . The DSS feature provides great security from others listening in on your call . The two lines work well together with no bleed over , a great feature when you want to use the second phone line to place a call normally used for computer online use . One minor hassle is because of the two lines , you have to push two buttons to review the caller ID incoming calls , in order to select which phone line the calls came in from . I have used this phone for 11 months now , and have replaced the battery only once . A great feature is the base has an extra charging compartment so when the battery needs recharging , all you need to do is switch out the batteries and keep on trucking . Also if you have a battery in the base , the phones keeps on working when the power goes out - -LRB- a good feature for you California folks -RRB- . I also use the jack on the handset to use a headset when at the computer waiting for tech , or insurance help . Of course , the base also can be used as a speakerphone when waiting on hold . All in all , this is a great phone .
 This phone is packed with all of the features I was looking for ; however , there are a few annoying things about it . The first is that both the line 1 and line 2 buttons light up when either line rings . Also , there is no indicator if someone is on one of the lines -- the only way to find out is to try to pick up a line and see if the phone beeps at you . My last gripe is with the caller ID . It does n't automatically display the name and number when the phone starts ringing but rather requires an extra button press . Other than these things the phone seems good .
 The Uniden EXS9966 has excellent range and clarity . The instruction manual is easy to understand and makes using and programming the phone a piece of cake . I especially like the alphanumeric memory locations for frequently called numbers . The Caller ID on Call Waiting is n't as easy to use as I would hope for , but maybe all phones operate the same . I bought a spare battery and keep it in the base for stdby . power and it has come in handy.One big complaint
 I have read most of the reviews for this product and so far -LRB- only had it for about 45 days -RRB- I have not had the problems that some are reporting . I have experienced no background hum even at great distances from the base , excellent signal and voice clarity at 800 feet or so . No interference near computers or microwave ovens . A little cumbersome to add names/numbers to call list . Have to refer to instructions frequently to use many of the features.All things considered , I am happy with the phone .
 I counsel people on the phone , and talk on the phone a lot for a long time . Even though this phone is now obsolete , I just purchased 2 to replace my aging one.I made a mistake by not just buying another when the first uniden began to wear out . I have dropped the handset thousands of times , got it wet , got garden soil into the handset and otherwise abused it and it still works , but not as well as it used to.But the battery still lasts forever , even when it 's been off the hook for a couple of days.To replace it unfortunately we bought the ` state of the art ' panasonic KX TGA 270S with multiline , multihandset operation , but poor battery life and the poor signal even outside in my yard , made me fed up with them very quickly . I hate those phones . I WISH I HAD SENT THEM BACK.The Uniden works even 3 or more BLOCKS from my house -- more if there 's nothing in between the house and me . -LRB- I 've driven around my neighborhood with this phone , using it like a short range cell phone -RRB- The only reason I bought the panasonics was that at the time , uniden did n't make a multihandset , 2 phone line phone . This phone is such a solid thing , I just decided to go back to it . Eventually when new features I ca n't live without make me , I will buy another Uniden phone.In addition to the above , the phone is just well thought out.EG
 While it is a little clunky , it has all the features I needed in a phone . 2 line , Spread spectrum , Headset Jack , Caller ID/Waiting , Battery swappable . The speakerphone is decent for waiting on hold , and the only complaint I have is that the handset is not smaller . Sound quality is good enough to overcome that shortcoming . And it does n't mess with my wireless network -- an added bonus !
 Our search for a cordless phone had us going through at least 6 different manufacturers . All of the phones had terrible reception until we tried this one . It is so fantastic we are buying another one .
 After weeks of searching , this phone was the only one that came close to my requirements.The range and areas you can take the phone are unbelievable . It works happily and without break up in my building , made of brick and concrete , and works in areas that I thought would not be possible inluding part way into the basement ! The physical design is also great , the handset is about the perfect size for holding , and the base is also well designed . Functionality of the phone is also great , with one exception -LRB- covered later -RRB- . The design of the keypad on the handset , although making some selections a little slow , does a lot to help stop you from making mistakes.Being able to choose between allowing callers to record one or four minutes of message , and a remote message collection function that lets you know if there are no new messages by not picking up after the second ring is excellent . Having different greetings on each line is also pleasing.The second battery in the base is exellent because it serves as a back up battery if the one in the handset dies , and as a backup power supply on the base if the mains go off . Battery life of both is also excellent , the handset going happily for up to two weeks without being put in the base to charge . Being able to have a two hour conversation when the mains were off really impressed me.The possibility to have a headset connected with the handset makes conversations on the phone much easier , and allows you to have both hands free while you talk . The base and handset being able to each handle separate calls on the two lines is also excellent . Individually turning on and off answering for each line is another excellent feature.One thing I have not noticed is the hum that other reviews have spoken about , although I live in Europe and our different mains supply and different power supply I use almost certainly explains that . There is 230volts here and I have the phone operating at 1 volt above its rated level -LRB- this is no problem -RRB- on the different to provided power supply . -LRB- shhh though , these phones are illegal to use in Europe because they operate in a section of the frequency spectrum where mobile phones in Euope operate , and its transmission power exceeds what is permitted in Europe . I got it through a friend because the corldless phones availabe in Europe are three times the price with less than half the functionality , and therefore pure crap next to this phone -RRB- Now for the disappointments . Setting a name into the memory is horrible , and why I do n't give this phone 5 stars . The keypad is not used like a mobile phone , you have only the up and down keys to scroll through all capital , small , and special characters to select the character each time . It would have been little extra effort from the programmers to use the keypad properly for this . The sound quality of both the handset and base are slightly disappointing , and you do have to speak up a little more on the handset than usual for the other person to hear you properly . The base can also handle a call as hands free , but the other person ca n't hear you unless you are almost shouting or hold the base right at your mouth . I expected better from Uniden on these . The other thing I do n't like is that although you are able to record a conversation , that recording is only available in the phone digitally , and the phone puts in a beep every 15 seconds , so the other person knows you are recording the conversation . The solution to this is to make up your own cable that can go to the headset and a recorder , so recording a conversation is much more discrete.Despite the minor disappointments , this phone is still the best overall I have found anywhere and at the price , you wont get better . I can fully recomend this phone to someone who is interested in it , and feel people can expect and get a great phone .
 This phone performs as advertised . The receiver sound is very good , the answering system sound is also very good . Very good distance from base . The handset has a headset jack and belt clip for hands-free roaming . The button layout and function operation could be better and that is the only thing keeping this from a 5-star rating .
 Unfortunately , I 'm afraid this phone represents a one-of-a-kind combination . Fortunately , I got mine while they 're still available.It is a 2-line phone that includes an all digital 30 minute answering system , 80 number Caller ID memory , a time/day stamp , 40 number memory dialing , and 3-line backlit display.Additional features include a speakerphone , headset compatibility -LRB- headset included -RRB- , a detachable belt clip , 4-way conferencing and a second battery -LRB- included -RRB- charging compartment in the base ... this not only keeps the base unit powered in a power failure , but it also can be swapped out to the hand unit.However , one of the most important features to me is the fact that it can be used as a wall phone . There are a number of phones available with similar features , but not one could be used as a wall phone . Since I wanted to use the phone in my kitchen , this Uniden model was the only one available from anyone , anywhere.As far as performance ... all features range from good to excellent!I am very pleased with all aspects of this phone .
 This product combines a caller id a answre machin speaker phone , an a two line telephone , it is the only one that is so complet , none other brand have a product like this , i search about 8 brands and Uniden EXS9995 was tha only whit this kind of product .
 I purchased this bookmark for my school 's fundraiser . Every student received one . I do not like the questions for the rating , so to explain , here goes ... this is not an `` educational '' toy , although all the children used them during the read-a-thon , which in itself was educational . It is on standard card stock , as durable as most bookmarks on the market today . Colors are vibrant and were equally liked by boys and girls .
 Not that big of a deal but they do n't come in a cool little box like this . They come in a crappy little 1 inch x 1 inch x 1 inch paper box . The cover slips themselves are fine .
 The plastic slide covers are exactly as I thought when purchasing , but the packaging is completely different from what is pictured on the site . I was buying these for my son 's birthday , and was hoping for something like the nice box pictured , but ended up with a chintzy cardboard deal , not even a quarter of the size shown in the picture I referred to when I was buying the product . They still will serve their purpose , but that storage box pictured would have been nice ...
 On the plus side , it is nice to have lots of clean quality slides in a convenient box holder . when you need them . The box keeps dirt and dust always and makes it easier to find a clean slide when you need one . The only , negative is that is is sometimes a pain to get a slide out without taking the rest with you . Seems like a slide sticks whenever I need to get one out of the box when I have rubber gloves on .
 These are what they say they are
 I bought this set when it first came on the market , circa 2000 . I bought the base and 2 handsets . It still works perfectly in 2006 . It has clear reception , easy to use features , message notification light , handfree handset , and numerous other features .
 After looking at many sleep mats we chose this one for our 2 year old to use for daytime naps at childcare . I wanted something nice and thick and this is perfect . It is also easy to clean , has different coloured sides -LRB- so you can tell top from bottom if you wish -RRB- and is the right size for a fitted cot sheet -LRB- very convenient -RRB- . It folds up to take less room but this is also the only downside - there are gaps at the folds . This is true of all folding mats and it is n't too bad , but I only put up with it because I need it to fold . It is big enough that he wo n't need to nap by the time he grows out of it . I highly recommend this mat .
 Awesome mat ! Great quality ! Just as described in advertisement . Nice and cushy!The Daydreamer Mat ; 2 x 24 x 48 ; 9 Mil Vinyl ; Blue ; no . PZ-HSM248
 I bought this for my sons first year of school . the matt was large and very plush and my son loved it the moment he got it . he even slept on it that night instead of his bed ! i could n't be happier with this product and nor could my son . The price for this was excellent considering the prices on other mats at my local store being more expensive and very low quality .
 I purchased this in order to create `` legal type '' of documents for an organization . The paper works perfectly in a HP ink jet printer when `` other specialty papers '' is selected at the paper type . Amazon was virtually the only place I could find to buy this paper . Only needed about 1/3 of the box so I used some leftovers for printing out our holiday letters -LRB- 2 to a page and then cut to 81/2 x 7 -RRB- they looked great and the color reproduction was excellent .
 I was very pleased with the beautiful parchment paper . Until finding this product on Amazon.com , it was impossible to find parchment paper in 8.5 x 14 . The paper went smoothly through my printer and made a very nice piece .
 It 's difficult to find high quality legal-sized paper . This is the nicest paper I could find at any price . It 's much nicer than the 32lb paper offered by FedEx printing services . Amazon has the best price of any online retailer .
 I love this paper . I run a charity car show and use it for posters , certificates and signs . It makes veryelegant doccments ! I have purchased this paper before , but could only get it in smaller quantities . Whe I saw I could get a full 500 sheets I pouced on it and am in 7th Heaven .
 It 's good paper . I 've been using this brand for nearly ten years . I never have paper jams and I 'm lazy about fanning my paper properly .
 This is an excellent grade of paper and at a better price through amazon then anywhere else .
 This was the best price I could find on legal paper . Nothing special , but exactly what I wanted . Economy grade - as expected . The stuff in the big box stores cost a lot more and was not any better quality , I would have rather gotten it locally and eliminated the shipping implications to the environment - but they ca n't deliver the goods at the right price , so oh well .
 Not much to say other than the thickness is fine , no defects such as brown fibers and such . Good value .
 I chose this particular brand because of other reviews I read and also because of it 's reputation.I am very pleased with it and highly recommend using it.Also the seller is wonderful to work with and is very reliable .
 Excellent paper for our church bulletin ... Very bright and does not jam up the laser printer . Very satisfied and will purchase again . Thanks for the deal ,
 I ordered this product for our Public Relations Department , and when received the outer wrapping was torn , and the first 50 + pages were curled on the end . Hopefully they will flatten out after a few days.Product seems good , delivery left a lot to be desired .
 Celebrating the 100th Birthday of the National Wildlife Refuges , this book is a revealing and oft inspiring account of the history of the refuges and the closely allied conservation movement . Accompanying the text are stunning photographs of the wildlife and lands they have preserved.The story begins with a heartbreaking description of the wanton destruction of wildlife from the time the colonists arrived through the 19th Century . Some species were driven to extinction and many more were threatened by that fate . In the latter half of the 19th century , individuals and groups struggled to stem this desecration of our heritage to little avail.Many argued that only Federal government action could protect wildlife from the excesses of a market driven economy . While there were some steps in that direction during the late 1800 's , the seminal event came in 1903 when Teddy Roosevelt established Pelican Island in Florida as the first National Wildlife Refuge.In the century since , the refuge system has steadily grown to its current count of 538 refuges in all 50 states . Throughout this history , there have been continual battles with those who sought to use the refuges for activities detrimental to wildlife . Finally , in 1997 the dominant purpose of the refuges to protect wildlife was made the law of the land.Unfortunately , there is one crucial exception . A political compromise at the time of its creation left the Coastal Plain of the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge -- also known as the `` American Serengeti '' -- vulnerable to devastating oil development . The author chronicles the origin of that controversy and its evolution to the present time . Given his strong advocacy for wildlife and the refuges in this book , his treatment of the protagonists in the ANWR controversy is remarkably even handed . By contrast , the writers in Subhankar Banerjee 's `` Arctic National Wildlife Refuge
 Accessibly written and superbly organized by Eric Jay Dolin , Smithsonian Book Of National Wildlife Refuges is a most engaging history of the system of 538 wildlife refuges that exist among all fifty of the United States . The intricate text discusses the travails , conservation efforts , ecology and more of America 's wildlife refuges while gorgeous full-color natural photographs by John and Karen Hollingsworth of wilderness and wildlife add a special , vivid touch . A highly recommended giftbook for nature lovers , the Smithsonian Book Of National Wildlife Refuges would make an excellent Memorial Fund acquisition for either academic or community library collections .
 Reasons for HopeCelebrating the 100th Birthday of the National Wildlife Refuges , this book is a revealing and oft inspiring account of the history of the refuges and the closely allied conservation movement . Accompanying the text are stunning photographs of the wildlife and lands they have preserved.The story begins with a heartbreaking description of the wanton destruction of wildlife from the time the colonists arrived through the 19th Century . Some species were driven to extinction and many more were threatened by that fate . In the latter half of the 19th century , individuals and groups struggled to stem this desecration of our heritage to little avail.Many argued that only Federal government action could protect wildlife from the excesses of a market driven economy . While there were some steps in that direction during the late 1800 's , the seminal event came in 1903 when Teddy Roosevelt established Pelican Island in Florida as the first National Wildlife Refuge.In the century since , the refuge system has steadily grown to its current count of 538 refuges in all 50 states . Throughout this history , there have been continual battles with those who sought to use the refuges for activities detrimental to wildlife . Finally , in 1977 the dominant purpose of the refuges to protect wildlife was made the law of the land.Unfortunately , there is one crucial exception . A political compromise at the time of its creation left the Coastal Plain of the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge -- also known as the `` American Serengeti '' -- vulnerable to devastating oil development . The author chronicles the origin of that controversy and its evolution to the present time.The final section of the book contains profiles of eight of the refuges selected for their beauty and diversity.In his introduction , Eric Dolin writes -- `` The refuge system is a priceless gift . It reflects the great diversity of the tapestry of life and commitment of the United States to wildlife conservation . '' His book demonstrates the truth of these assertions and provides many reasons to hope that our nation 's commitment will only grow stronger .
 5 stars for the following reasons :1 . -RRB- Stackable - each one is 2 '' high , so if you want to raise your monitor 6 '' then buy 3 of them and stack them up . I 'm tall so I stacked 4 of them .2 . -RRB- Sturdy3 . -RRB- Great price4 . -RRB- Small desk `` footprint `` 5 . -RRB- Space underneath doubles as a `` shelf ''
 Very nice , simple and cheap solution . One thing to know ; there 's no legs , raiser parts etc. to make it higher than 2 '' . So , if you need 4 '' buy two , if you need your monitor 6 inches up , you have to buy 3 of these .
 I have a flat screen monitor on a small sized desk . I tried two other riser sets and they were too big and left very little space to work . These are just the right size for the monitor base without taking up a lot of room .
 These are the best monitor risers I have ever used . Very strong , and great for CRT monitors , or even smaller TVs . Being able to stack them is great , and it provides some nice storage area .
 Product is a 1-level , 2 '' riser for a monitor or other piece of desktop equipment . Enclosed on top and 3 sides , flat and smooth all around . Extremely sturdy . I needed 2 -LRB- 1 for each of my 2 monitors -RRB- and they were exactly what I wanted . IMPORTANT NOTE
 This monitor stand does a really great job . The color is black so it blends in with most computer monitors . When you stack the risers , it creates cubbyholes where you can store papers . They are easy to stack and look very classy . Great price too !
 This is the second one I 've bought . I like the construction and it lifts the monitor just enough for me to be `` ergonomically correct '' when I 'm in the office . Great construction and a great price . Would recommend this to anyone .
 Great Monitor stands . Ordered a few for work , had to order more . Very durable , look great . Great hight , stack really good
 When I bought a new monitor , I did n't consider one that had a tilt feature . So I went on Amazon , searched a few monitor stands and settled on this one because of price and that it 's not to large . It 's perfect , just the right size and color . Also , received this real fast from vendor .
 Work great . I am 5 ' 9 &#34; and have back and neck problems when I sit in front of the computer too long . I ordered 3 of these and my monitor is finally at height where I sit and work comfortably .
 This is a great item to lift my monitor off the desk and get it at eye level . We use this product at all our computers in our office .
 These monitor stands were purchased after an employee had an ergonomical evaluation . We found these 2 '' monitor stands to be the perfect height for the computer screens to be at for viewing purposes .
 This product is exactly what I expected based on previous reviews . Sturdy , with a small footprint . I am pleased with my purchase .
 Simple , plain black stand . Very sturdy . Very happy with this on my desk . I 'm not sure how well it would stack , but I only need one high .
 These are great . Very sturdy stands that are stackable so you can use one or more to get your monitor to just the right height . And since they 're open on one side you can use the space for storage of papers or whatever .
 These products are of very good quality . And they are priced very competitively . I would highly recommend them to anyone looking for monitor risers .
 Stand performs exactly as advertised - raises your monitor by two inches and provides a handy space underneath to slide papers . If you want the monitor higher you can just stack up more of these - they are very solid ! Classier , in my opinion , than the standard `` textbook under monitor '' approach .
 Not expensive , sturdy , looks fine , despite what other people say - they are stackable and lock into place , the slots are wide enough to fit a standard manila folder . After I bought these for my desk , 3 other co-workers got some too .
 I just needed to raise my monitor a couple of inches -LRB- do n't have any more space than that as there is a hutch on my desk that limits how high my monitor can sit -RRB- . This piece is exactly what I needed . Small footprint , room underneath as well as on top for stuff -LRB- post-it notes and the like -RRB- . It is quite stury and supports my 24 '' monitor without difficulty .
 This does the trick . Simple plastic design , and perhaps a little overpriced , but they are steady and look nice . You can face them opening forward and place manuals or papers in the slotted area . Or you can face them backwards for a clean look .
 Simple , nothing elegant ... but it was a cheap price . Does exactly what I needed . It is small and compact .
 This was a very good value and works perfectly to raise our monitor to a great viewing size .
 Practical , useful and , at least when I found 'em , inexpensive as a space-saving aid on the desktop . If they come available again , well worth considering for your workspace .
 It serves its purpose . It holds the monitor on top of the desk like it should .
 Love this checkwriter . Was using an old manual one and it was punching into the paper , so this one is much , much better . It is easy to use ... although there was some guessing how far to put the check in so that the writing ended up on the line , but that is easily solved . You do n't have to erase the numbers after printing the check , it does it automatically before printing the next one . Really do love it . We have a small business and I use it for my large business checks , and also for my small , personal ones . Glad I got it !
 THE MAX EC-301 CHECKWRITER IS A VERY NICE MACHINE AND EASY TO USE . THE IMPRINTING IS LARGE AND CLEAR TO READ .
 Just to share my view on checkwriter . Since you mention about handcank checkwriter is better than the electronic checkwriter , I will like to tell you that I use a even simpler checkwriter . It needs no installation because it works on your Internet explorer and print on your home printer . Guess from mechanical checkwriter , the future is online checkwriter . You can google for online checkwriter , there are a few free website to write check or use what I use at -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I have a 19 '' monitor with a 100 x 100 vesa plate and a 24 '' monitor that also has a vesa plate . Just bought my second bracket .
 These Max staplers are made in Japan and the quality , design and craftmanship are excellent . This mini Max stapler has a well balance weight and very precise mechanical feel in operation . I used it for 3 month at an office . I 'm so glad I find it here on Amazon , and buy it for home use .
 This is a great little stapler . It does a better job than most large staplers I have used . It may be small , but it is powerful . This is actually my second stapler of this ilk The first lasted me about 10 years before I dropped it or something and the receiver mechanism stopped working right . I could n't find the exact model but I found this slightly updated model . I am very impressed .
 I like this stapler - it is of better quality than most , and easy to use . I recommend it .
 I was very pleased with this item . This was bought as a gift . The packaging was very attractive . A lovely hard box with a simple yet elegant inside . The quality of the pen is above average by far and the recipient of the pen is still raving about the quality of the pen compared to others he has . The smoothness of the writing , the weight of the pen , the comfort in hand , the ease of refiling the ink . Additionally the ability to blend ones own ink colors to refill the cartridge with . I would recommend this item . The price is reasonable for better quality pen .
 I got an unbelievable deal on this pen at a store that was clearing out odds and ends , but it 's easily worth the price here . I have about half a dozen fountain pens , and this is definitely one of my favorites . The nib is beautiful , and writes very smoothly , without getting slippery . The ink flow is free , but not so much to cause ink blobs ; just perfect . This pen is really nice looking , too . The cap snaps very solidly onto the pen , on both ends . It 'll never come off on its own . The bottom of the cap has `` Waterman Paris '' and `` France '' in gold letters on opposite sides .
 I 've had this pen for many years . It has never let me down . Quality is outstanding .
 I have n't used fountain pen since elementary school . It comes a long way since after . This Waterman is mid-range in the line , and it is finished as such . You will find better finished pen on the market for a higher price . The French craftsmanship on this Waterman is right priced.The weight on it shows the quality at the first touch . The length of the body fits most of hands . You can also clip the cap on the back for bigger hands , but that increases the weight again . The fountain is a clear tube with a screw . you screw it down to push the air out , dip the nib into ink , and screw it backup . Every thing is easy and clean . I shake the pen vertically hardly several times , one tinny drop of ink indeed came out . The ink would n't be spilled out under normal carrying condition.Even thought this Waterman does n't really stands out in the pack , you would n't regret to take it .
 I had earlier bought the Waterman Phileas when it was being discontinued and discounted . It wrote great , especially as what is essentially a student pen . So I was very happy to see good pricing on their Expert II.I have not been disappointed . Smooth writer , good balance between excess and stingy ink flow , a good feeling barrel . Get one if you can .
 This stapler has a nice capacity and I found it too be very efficient and work without a glitch . I also like the fact that is is quiet and does n't make the clunky noise other staplers of kind usually do . Just a bit too large -LRB- has a large foot print -RRB-
 This stapler was purchased to staple a variety of literature that must be sent with every shipment . After one month of use stapler is still going strong . Estimated daily use about 200 literature packets per day .
 My office has had other automatic staplers but this is the best . And the flat staples are much easier to remove , no matter how thick the document . The MAX handheld staplers are awesome , too .
 I have tried and own several including Levenger and others . This is a nice sort of heavy pen that floats across the paper . I have arthritus and have to write a lot . This pen makes it posible for me to write neater and longer than any other writing divice . Of course I ca n't spell with a damn and my grammer is below C average but it is nice to be retired because I can tell you now that if you do n't like what I write you do n't have to read it.I also like the fine point .
 I recently bought this for a friend since I already own one . If you work in an office this is a `` must have '' . I did n't realize how mucgh easier it makes my life at work until I did n't have it with me . I got my first Max Flat stapler at work but it only lasted a month then they gave me another one and I 've had it for about 4 years now ! Probably the first stapler was from a bad manufacturing batch . I recommend anyone to take the risk and buy it because if you get a good one it 's well worth it .
 I LOVE this stapler . I LOVE this stapler so much because I HATE a stapler that jams or messes up the paper and I have to stop what I 'm working on to deal with a problem that is secondary to the real task I 'm working on . RRRRGH . I LOVE the way this stapler works with a minimum of muscle . I LOVE the way it works so smoothly . I LOVE the way it staples a stack of pages without the slightest effort . I do n't know the maximum number of pages I 've stapled together , but it 's at least 15 . I imagine it can staple more , but I have n't had occasion to push its limit yet . It 's got a nice weighty feel in the hand with no sharp edges . The price is great . It 's one of those simple pleasures . I LOVE this stapler .
 This staple is awesome . After 2 Swinglines in a row jammed on me , I returned them both and bought this thing . Perfect so far !
 The effort to staple 20 pages is much less than when using a regular stapler . I thought I was doing great with a plain stapler when I would staple 25 pages . That 's nothing compared to what this one can do . Stapling 35 pages is easy . I 've stapled up to 40 by placing the stapler on a desk and hitting hard with my fist.I 've had one for about four years and it still looks practically new . The flatness of the staples allows you to stack more sets together than when using a regular stapler.My only complaint is that my office has gone paperless so there are few opportunities to let this thing do its stuff .
 This stapler is the envy of the office and is frequently borrowed by my coworkers . It functions smoothly and easily . I 'm thrilled with it and will buy more !
 This stapler is fantastic . The staples are pressed flat , so they are far less likely to catch on something . As an added bonus , there is some sort of compound action that allows me to easily staple through thicker stacks of paper by squeezing the stapler in one hand . I was able to staple through 25 pages with very little effort . It uses standard staples .
 This is the best stapler I 've seen for the price . Works great , even with thicker stacks of pages . Never jams -LRB- so far -RRB- . Worth the extra bucks over a cheaper brand that wo n't work so well or is likely to begin jamming .
 I 'm using this stapler with some cardboard & mylar 2x2 's for coins.It works great with regular staples and punches through with much less effort than a standard swingline stapler . -LRB- Milton would love it -RRB- I have n't noticed any extra effort required for flat-clinching -LRB- works great -RRB- .
 I love this thing . I originally bought this to staple a 30-page research paper for a class so the back pages would n't get lost , and it still works like a dream . I just love that the staples fold flat to make stacking easier . I can staple thick stacks one-handed and it even uses standard staples !
 A very comfortable , functional stapler that does exactly what it 's supposed to do and feels good both in the hand and on the table . Did not come with staples , but staples I have fit perfectly .
 Have you ever had a stapler that you like so much that it 's actually fun to staple ? Sounds silly , I know , but this thing is about as close to being a pleasure to use as possible . It can go through a stack of 40 pages virtually effortlessly , using the same standard staples as any other stapler.I thought I had found its flaw when I realized that the flat-back nature of the finished staples render a staple remover virtually useless . However , I quickly learned that if you have the slightest bit of a fingernail , you can easily remove the staples with your bare hands ! No more need for a staple remover . Only caveat is that you have to make sure you squeeze it all the way down or the staples wo n't fold up all the way on the back side and will leave sharp ends exposed.I think this may quite possibly be the world 's best stapler .
 This thing will staple just about anything you throw at it . The lever action inside it provides a smooth stapling process and it gives the nice flat staples - just like it says . I have a hard time keeping it on my desk as everybody in the office keeps borrowing the thing.The only downside I 've experienced is that the latch to hold the top down -LRB- for reloading staples -RRB- has a light hold to the rest of the stapler . This is only bad if you pick it up by the top - it will open up to let you reload the staples . While slightly annoying , it 's still an amazing stapler . Get it !!!
 The title of this review says it all . Easily goes through 20-30 pages with standard staples .
 This is absolutely the best stapler ever . It staples flat and there is a very satisfying feel and sound that it makes when you staple something .
 I have had my stapler for 8 years now ... and I use it constantly . I work at the front desk of a busy car dealership . It finally broke ... because someone dropped it , so now I need a new one and this is the only stapler I want . I have to talk my boss into because he ca n't order it from Staples ... or I will just have to buy it myself .
 I like this stapler so much we purchased four for the office ... . Saves on space as well and looks professional ... . Be sure to order the staples as well ...
 I have used several staplers in my life . All have just been okay until I found this one ! This is by far the BEST stapler I 've ever used . It can go through more papers than the standard stapler , never seems to jam and is durable . We bought one for everyone in my office we like them so much . Now we never seem to have problems of broken staplers . The only problem is the staples are not very easy to find . Not sure a standard staple works in this so we always buy the max staples . They have been discontinued in many locations and therefore it 's hard to find them .
 Very sturdy , well built stapler . Highly recommended , and love the flat clinch on the back end of the staple that makes stacking pages easy ! Thanks Max co. and Amazon !
 I got one -LRB- in beige -RRB- and liked it so much I got 6 more for the office . Stapling effort is easy enough , can be used as desk stapler or handheld . The flat clinch feature is very convenient and makes papers take up less storage room . I believe MAX actually pioneered the flat clinch concept .
 This stapler is THE ONE if you 're looking for a quality made FLAT stapler . It does the job very well . It has great rubber grips on top and bottom that I like . It may be a little heavy for some . But to me , heavy spells quality . I use the stapler at least 20 times a day and it never gets jammed . It even does well on the thicker paper stacks . I put my old stapler away forever . Your paper stacks will be nice , neat , and compact with no bumps the old fashioned staplers caused . I 'm very happy with my decision to purchase this !
 I got a lot of grief for putting this on my Christmas wish list , but nothing is more irritating than a stapler that does n't staple.This thing is absolutely amazing . I promise you will be impressed!The only thing I will note is that you can NOT unfold it and using it to staple thing to walls - I assume due to the way the mechanism works so well for the primary purpose .
 I 've just purchased my fourth one ... along a spare for when the inevitable happens ... As staplers go , this model works better than any stapler that I 've ever owned . I use theMXB355M - Flat-Clinch Staples for MXBHD50DFBK , which are exceedingly sharp . The staples close flat , unlike standard staplers , which bend the ends into an arc . The result is that stapled corner of a pile of stapled documents does n't bulge up.The Max staplers are solidly built . There 's some padding on the top of lever arm , which makes it comfortable to hold -LRB- and a bit of give if you whack it too hard -RRB- . What else can I say ? If you need a stapler , buy this one ... and do n't forget the staples .
 While I know it 's odd to get this excited about office supplies , I must say that this stapler ROCKS . When I first used one here at a busy hospital nursing station , I instantly ran over to a computer to order one for myself . It easily staples stacks of pages -LRB- I 've only stapled 20 at once myself so far -RRB- , with one hand . It has the profile of a normal little desktop stapler , with a hefty feel to it . I 've never seen it misfire or had to pick out a nasty bent-up half-fired staple . Ours is so loved here that there is a very threatening note taped to the top of it to warn would-be snaggers !
 This Max USA stapler is the best desktop stapler I 've found that uses standard staples . While it advertises that it can staple up to 30 sheets of 20 pound paper , I 've found that it can staple 40 sheets with no problems . In addition , the staple is folded flat against the paper on the underside , instead of being curved like most staplers . I 've bought the `` Paper-Pro '' stapler as well as the Staples store brand `` One-Touch '' stapler - both which advertise as being able to staple 25 sheets - and this Max stapler outperforms them both . If you 're looking for a stapler that is able to staple stacks of paper using standard staples , this is certainly worth the extra money .
 This is the best stapler I have ever owned . It punches through a thick stack of papers with little effort . No jams so far . The 30 sheet capacity is probably more a function of the length of standard staples than with the power of this stapler . The flat-clinch feature really works . Uses any standard staples and a full strip loads easily . The rubber grips on the top and bottom of the stapler are a nice touch . After using this stapler , I ca n't imagine ever wanting anything else . I expect to use this for 10 years or more , as long as it does n't get stolen . And the price is very reasonable for what you 're getting .
 I have been using this for 2 years . Great product and very well made . Stapled sheets lie flat and staple ends do not catch on things .
 This stapler is a little pricey but well worth it for any coin collector that uses 2x2 flips.I no longer need to use pliers to flatten the staples after closing the 2x2 ` sThe rubber bottom wo n't scratch up my wood desk and it feels good in your hands too .
 This stapler has been jam free and the flatter clinch is definitely noticeable . Each month our business collects a stack of about 300 stapled sheets and they stack a lot better with this stapler . I 'll never go back to a standard stapler.Two caveats
 This easily -- and I mean easily - handled 30 pages . It barely makes a clicking noise when it staples . Smooth and easy to use . I obviously love it enough to take the time out of my day to write a review of a stapler !! It 's silly , but this has really made my work life much easier !
 I 've owned a MAX HD-50DF stapler for more than 10 years and USED it a lot . It is just as great as the day I first got it . Very easy to use and no jamming . Like someone else said , I believe the number of sheets it will handle is due more to the length of the staple . Standard staples are around 30 sheets . This stapler handles them all easily . I 'm in the process of buying two more for people who have fallen in love with mine and threaten my knowing its whereabouts . ; -RRB- I 'm dropping this to 4 stars . Now that I have received and inspected the newer model I find one disappointing feature . When I opened the top to add staples I noticed the strap that holds the top to the staple tension spring is now made of -LRB- what appears to be -RRB- nylon and plastic . My older model has metal parts . Only time will tell if this is an important factor but I HATE when companies dumb down their products to save a buck .
 I LOVE this stapler . I make mini books for my students and I have been SO frustrated with typical staplers . I have tried several standard staplers , but none of them were able to staple past about 10 sheets . I got tired of having to remove staples and try again . I decided to try this stapler . With this stapler I can staple even a 25 page book with NO PROBLEMS ! I wish I had this stapler a long time ago . LOVE IT . A must have for teachers :-RRB- .
 I have this stapler at my office and love it so much I decided to buy one for home . This is by far the best stapler I have ever used because it staples so easily , does n't require much pressure at all . Well worth the modest price .
 Engineering paper is great for any math , physics , or eng . homework . If you are at a university , it 's probably cheaper just to get it from the campus bookstore . -LRB- it was for me -RRB-
 I really hated to spend so much money for a keyboard tray but due to arm pain I decided I really needed it . It arrived yesterday and all I can say is it is fantastic ! I was shocked when I went to pick up the box , quite heavy compared to my old tray . Move the lever under the tray and you can adjust the height and tilt to the perfect level . The mouse tilt and position of the mouse tray can be adjusted independently . One of the main reasons I bought it is because you can slide the mouse tray over the number keys on the right side of the keyboard . This means you can get it in nice and close if you are doing a lot of mouse work . I use many mouse driven programs like Photoshop . My only regret is that I did n't buy this sooner . It is well worth the money .
 I 've been using this stapler daily for the last 5 months , and am pleased with its performance . I was looking for a flat-clinch stapler for a long time , and originally bought a Stanley Bostitch EZ Squeeze . It did n't staple well , and I even purchased the Bostitch brand staples . Returned that one after 2-weeks , then bought this Max Flat-Clinch . What a huge difference!I 'm picky about the staplers I use because I like my papers stapled together neatly and securely . I find that this stapler does a good job whether it 's just a few sheets or a stack of invoices . No more loose staples with papers sliding around . No more half-smashed staples with only one side going completely through all the sheets . I ca n't even recall having to re-staple something because of a stapler malfunction . Just a great everyday stapler !
 I looked through loads of reviews on lots of different clinch flat staplers and finally picked this one . I have a black one in my office and the secretary has the white -LRB- off white , greyish -RRB- version . The stapler has not let me down yet - the alignment of the staples is flawless . The action lever built inside this little dandy makes stapling through multiple sheets quite easy . I 've been able to staple through 35 sheets without any trouble , but I do n't recommend doing this often as it will wear out the mechanisms and alignment in any stapler . It reloads easily and takes standard staples . Coworkers always borrow this stapler when they have several things to take care of.The one thing I do n't like about it is that occasionally when I pick it up , the top lifts up as if I 'm reloading the staples . They could have made the latch just a bit more rigid to open , but other than this minor flaw , this is stapler is the best desk version I 've seen.Don ' t waste money on the cheaper versions as they will typically wear out after a few month 's use -LRB- our first version of a different brand only lasted 4 months -RRB- . Happy Stapling !
 I had one of these staplers at work and loved it . When it broke after 10 yrs I was disappointed - my work could n't locate one , so I came here and bought it . It was delivered in a timely fashion and is the same easy to use stapler I loved . I could n't have asked for quicker service .
 After 18 months and counting , this stapler is still working as designed . Other employees are borrowing my stapler because of the flat clinch and the ability to punch thru 30 sheets .
 This is by far the smoothest stapler I 've ever used . It puts a Swingline to shame ! I have been using it for about 2 months now and I wo n't use any other stapler . They advertise that you can staple up to 30 papers at a time , well you can , effortlessly ! Enjoy !
 Product works well for intended use . No complaints thus far . Love the fact I can use `` regular '' staples .
 The product is great for what it is . Yes , the wrapping may be a little damaged but the paper inside is fine .
 the paper was great , the color was accurate to the photo , it arrived on time , and was a lot less expensive than it would 've been at an office supply store .
 I am an accountant who uses colored copy paper such as this so clients PAY ATTENTION to what I send them . I ordered 1/2 dozen different colors . These come in colors that are n't so intense that the copy printed on them is difficult to read , but different enough from white that they attract attention . Great product and a more reasonable price than most colored copy paper .
 It 's about what I expected for the price - I do question the 20lb though - it is thinner than my other 20 lb paper
 I actually bought this for my mom by mistake , thinking it was white . But she loves the paper
 The paper arrived as described , was a great color . Much cheaper -LRB- about 30 % less even with shipping -RRB- than the smaller reams available at the local Office Depot .
 The tape is just what I expected it to be . It is working flawlessly on my boat where switches knobs and controls , etc. needed to be relabeled . I needed to clear so the white lettering would contrast with the different background colors .
 Clear tape with white writing ... perfect for dark colored backgrounds , indoor/outdoor use , and at 1/2 inch wide it can fit on all kinds of relatively small items . 26.2 ' will last you a good long time and even longer if you make the font as small as is comfortable for your eyes.Follow the other reviewer 's tip of printing multiple labels on one strip by hitting the space bar a few times and then cutting the labels in half yourself . I have a P-Touch 2430PC model and the only thing I do n't like about it is the wasted tape so the space bar trick is a great one .
 I used this tape for labels on a large picture collage against a black mat board . As I had hoped , you could n't see the tape , only the white letters .
 Amazon , again , delivers in a timely manner -- sooner than stated . Use this tape effectively on dark backgrounds . Not available at the local ` big ' Office supply stores .
 Brother 1/2 Inch x 26.2 Feet White on Clear for P-Touch -LRB- TZ135 -RRB- Was happy to find this color , no stores had any in stock . Used on a dashboard in an MG Midget for the switches and it worked fine as all TZ tapes do .
 I really like the White on Clear tape option . This allows me to label on colored panels and black computer boxes with a professional looking white text label !
 After using the full-strip flat-clinch stapler at work for over a year , I had to purchase this stapler for my home office . I love how smoothly it operates and how flat a stack of papers stapled with the flat-clinch lie . The flat-clinch is a big space saver if you have a lot of stapled papers to file .
 Having a Flat Clinch staple is a great way to save space when stacking lots of stapled papers.Has been working great for over a year . Great for stapling coin holders .
 Best staplers ever ! Max staplers are far and above the quality and performance of other staplers , especially Swingline . Max staplers flat staple paper and as a result I do n't catch and scratch my fingers on the staples.I 've thrown out more than a few Swingline and other brand name staplers because of constant jamming from an inability to staple more than a few sheets of paper . If you 're tired of your stapler jamming all the time , try Max , it really does staple the number of sheets it says it does . I 've yet to have any problems with Max staplers , except I sometimes have to buy a new one because someone will `` borrow '' mine and never return it .
 Simply the best stapler I 've had.Note
 The pen lets ink flow smoothly and evenly . I do n't like the bulkier fountain pen designs so this shape is perfect for me . It also feels good in my hand and is well balanced . I have one other Waterman with a medium nib that I have had and enjoyed for over 20 years , and this pen is a great addition to my &#34; collection &#34; .
 I had a 3 month `` staple removing '' project in my office and dreaded using the small removers that made my hand ache . This product is easy to grip without making my hand ache and with the slip of the wrist out came the most deeply imbedded staples!I highly recommend this product ! It paid for itself over and over again . Now everyone in my office keeps stealing my stapler remover !
 This device takes out even the toughest commercial staples from a large stack of paper without tearing up the document . A pleasure to own and use . I am buying another . The small pen sized units are useless and the the pinch type do a great job of pinching fingers .
 This remover is the best I 've owned and would buy again . My only wish
 Excellent for removing staples 3/8 inch or bigger . It will not disappoint unless you try to use it for packets under 8 pages or so .
 We are scanning large volumes of documents that were originally put together with a heavy-duty stapler . I have tried Bosch and Swingline who both make excellent products , but this one is by far the easiest on the hands and wrists . It is plastic , not metal but the parts that do the work are metal . The plastic may very well be what makes it so much easier on the hands . Good product . I would buy again .
 The Max Heavy-Duty Staple Remover is the best thing since sliced bread !! I spend a good part of my day removing staples and this little gadget allows me to do that effortlessly !!! Treat yourself !
 These are the handiest things ever . We keep our entire week on them and put the appropriate one oN the counter s o we do n't forget our appointments etc. .
 This is a great little idea . I use these mini dry erase marker boards to label my file cabinets because the contents of my file cabinets change . The only problem is that eventually the plastic peels off . However , I have had mine for a few years so I guess for $ 5.00 I can buy some more . They work very well for my purpose .
 I am very happy with this purchase . It did n't cost as much as most photo paper usually does but it did n't suffer in quality . I like how the pictures look after being printed on this paper .
 I feel compelled to write an enthusiastic review of the Socket DPC because currently there is only one review on-line , and it is a negative one for the simple reason that the customer 's phone happens not to be compatible with this product -- well , who said it was ? Not the manufacturer!I was recently on vacation in Chicago and a severe storm knocked out our power for two days . But thanks to my Compaq Aero 1550 Pocket PC , my Socket DPC , and my Nokia 6190 , the one thing I could happily do in the dark was send e-mail and surf the Internet !
 I use this product to surf the net on my Jornada 680 . I can get 9800 bps , this is fine if you do n't load graphics . I find that a site like Yahoo.com which is fast and has low-bandwidth requirements is loads up surprisingly fast.You probably have to subscribe to your mobile phone provider 's data service .
 This setup is excellent for any phone with GSM . Keep in mind that if you do n't have a GSM phone -LRB- ie , Voicestream -RRB- , it wo n't work , even if you have a Nokia 5000 or 6000 series . I like it !
 I have owned a Rex Pro now for 18 months and have found it very useful . It 's size means that it fits easily in my wallet and the syncronisation with Outlook 97/98 and 2000 is superb . I realised just how good it was when the batteries went flat I had to live a day without it!My only concerns to give to future buyers would be ... 1 . Buy the optional hard cover to stop it flexing in your pocket , it feels very easy to break and even though I have got the hard cover I 've managed to damage my screen , although it still works ! 2 . The interface when undocked in rubbish . Typing into this device is a clumsy and offen tedious experience , do n't as I have try to take down messages while somebody talks to you!Even with these problems the fact that you can carry it anywhere without even trying makes it well worth the money ...
 An excellent , minimalist interface in a PC Card format . Tiny , wearable , perfect for a no-frills organizer , Rex is approximately parallel to the functionality found in a Palm 's four main buttons -LRB- calendar , address book , to-dos , memos -RRB- . The Rex adds a few more tricks like a two-clock multi-timezone view , but ca n't run third-party software , do email , write with a stylus , or beam via IR . But if you 're looking for an organizer you 're not necessarily looking for those features . The real downside for me is the slow -LRB- though passable -RRB- data entry when away from a computer . The upside is that , lacking a touchscreen interface , the view on the Rex is razor sharp .
 A long time ago , I had the original Rex and I liked it , except it was a bother not being able to do any editing at all . I switched to the Palm V after losing the Rex in a cab.I got frustrated with my Palm V. I wanted it everywhere , so I carried it in my pocket -LRB- without a carrying case -- it was already too heavy -RRB- . I ended up messing up the metal contacts in the back and now it has trouble syncing.With this Rex model , editing is possible -LRB- although not pleasant -RRB- . And , what I found out is that I can completely skip any local software except the sync program . I can just keep all my data on Yahoo and synch them down . That 's great -- I am usually connected to the internet , so updating the Yahoo data is easy . And I do n't have to clutter up my PC with another hefty and flaky app .
 I recently received my new 5001 after the screen of my last one got smashed in my briefcase . The new unit an updated REXpro comes with a see through mini plastic case for protection so it should n't re-occur . The unit itself is still I believe the best comprimise on features / size and price of all PDA 's , it does everything and sync with Outlook as well as many other PIM apps - perfect and an absolute bargain . The input mechanism is slow but I do n't think it will be used as that is n't the point let the PC keyboard take the strain and the REX let you `` wear your data '' - Will its title on the box of `` Wearable Information Accessory '' ever catch on?Great PC software support through TrueSync - an excellent and usable little gadget for the top shirt pocket ... Amazons price and delivery were also impressive . Recommended
 I bought the REX because a Palm Pilot was to expensive for me and it did n't fit in my wallet . This one have all the functionality any occupied person could need , including alarm , contact list , to-do list and even the incredible amount of memory -LRB- 512kb -RRB- allows me to copy my email , articles from the web , homework 's , anything ! ... and then read them on-the-road ! It does need 2 things
 I have recently purchased both the 5001 and the 6000 series REX , and found the 5001 to be more flexible in its synching options , and less delicate.I use my REX primarily as an address book , to do list and notes . Input is not a big issue for me , nor is Web content downloads.The 5001 uses the Starfish TrueSync technology to synch with any number of devices , including cell phones , Yahoo and Palm Desktop . I actually synch mine with both Palm Desktop and Yahoo simultaneously so that I have access to my addresses over the Internet.The 6000 does not support TrueSync , limiting my synchronization options to be only Outlook , and the bundled desktop application . The 6000 also seems to be more delicate with both the screen and the buttons.Bottom line
 I have had a Rex for about 3 years , and just got a Visor . While the Visor can certainly do more stuff , I find that the Rex is more useful on a day-to-day basis . TrueSync -LRB- which comes with the Rex - at least when it was sold by Franklin -RRB- , can sync both devices . While syncing is a little cumbersome to set up , and not completely bug-free , it works pretty well . I also find it easier to add some types of appointments on the Rex compared to the Visor . For example , follow-up appointments are just a couple of button pushes away on the Rex . Anyway , its easier to add stuff via your desktop application than it is on either device . I like both PDAs , but if I had to pick only one , the size factor wins and I 'd go with the Rex . USB connection would make it perfect .
 This little thing saves my skin constantly . I put my whole calendar of appointments in MS Outlook and sync it all to the Rex . Since it 's so small I always carry it to work and home agaian . That way I can wake up in the morning and check to see whether I have to dash in for a meeting.The phone book for my work site also syncs into the contact list . Plus my regular Outlook contacts are synced with it . I can flip between my small list of Outlook contacts and the company contact list easily.I also sync a few text files - a little light reading from fool.com and some cheat-sheets that I use on a regular basis.I think it 's a superb little machine . Truesync is simple but works well for my needs . On my laptop , it syncs via the PCMCIA port and at work it syncs through the little holder which plugs in to the parallel port.It 's probably not the most robust PDA but it 's got to be the smallest . If you are worried about breaking it , there are plenty of third party cases available on the net . They range from specially cut-out PCMCIA packing boxes to leather folders with titanium inserts!My company gave me a couple of hundred dollars to buy a PDA and I almost felt guilty not spending it all by buying the Rex ! I 'm glad I did .
 Having contemplated a PDA for several months , I decided the smart thing was to start small with the Rex . The Rex 5001 has met all of my needs which mainly consist of information retrevial . I must admit that I do n't use the Rex to enter much data . But , when it comes to storage and retrevial , Rex deliveres the goods . The functions are easy to learn and use and the 2 included cases seem the offer the protection the Rex needs . I ca n't imagine doing without or moving to a Plam-like device .
 The size of the REX makes it perfect for carrying along on the road . I toss it in a backpack with my cellular phone on the weeknd and it keeps all the information I need in an emergency or for routine daily matters -- phone numbers , appointments -LRB- with an alarm -RRB- , and memos like airline itineraries and shopping lists . I also like the `` StarFish '' desktop organizing software used to synchronize the Rex . After six months , I use it EVERY day .
 This is the greatest solution to carrying around a Phonebook , Calendar and & To-Do list I have ever seen!Notebooks are just to large , cumbersome and take too long to boot up.And compared to the REX , PDA 's have the same handicaps . I understand you can do much more with a PDA but if Phone , Calendar and To-Do are what you want to do , this is it.I fold my money around my Rex and keep it in my front pocket.Intel has decided to drop the product line . The form/factor is exceptional.This is a very , very good product and it serves a very definite , although limited , purpose.The new breed of cell phones will make this product obsolete but for now it just does the job .
 Given the state of electronics technology today , this is the * correct * size for a personal organizer . There 's no reason not to make them this small . Granted , if you want your PDA to take notes , play games , use a modem , etc. then you will need a Palm or -LRB- shudder -RRB- a WinCE device . But for most PDA tasks - reminders , phone lookups , etc. - this is the ticket.Please ignore the complaint that it breaks in your wallet . Of course it breaks if you sit on it - it 's got circuit boards and a glass screen . -LRB- Duh ! -RRB- But it also carries quite handily in your front pocket or shirt pocket .
 I 've had my Rex Pro for about a year and its almost always with me . I initially got it for the schedule w/alarms , but now I use all the features every day . I suspect its saved about a tree 's worth of paper . I use the `` Starfish '' software on my PC to input the data . Transfering the data to the Rex via a PCMCIA slot on my laptop it a lot quicker than via the serial docking station . The Rex has its quirks . Shortly after I got it I learned that if you put in your wallet , the screen is likely to break , so I got a pair of titanium slats from a vendor on the web that are designed to fit in a soft business card holder and protect the screen . The arrangement seems to work as I have n't broke it yet , but I did have to put plastic tape on the slat to insult it from the back of the Rex , as it appeared that it might be shorting the Rex out . The plastic cases that are available would probably work just as well . I 've replaced the batteries about 3 times . The last time there was n't a low battery indication , but info was n't syncing correctly with the PC . When I replaced the batteries the sync problem went away . A useful accessory would be a little clip-on light , as on several occasions I would have liked to be able see the screen in the dark . All in all , I think the Rex 's idiosyncrasies are a small price to pay for an efficient and compact design that is so easy to use .
 it 's great for phone numbers , calendar entries , tasks , it syncs with Outlook . the only fallback is that it does n't store addresses of people . that 's very annoying !
 I purchased my REX over 1 year ago . It allows me to have all the data I have in Outlook with me at all times , and in my shirt pocket . I have even taken to adding account numbers , etc. to Outlook contacts and tasks so I can download it to my REX . After initial setup I have not used the data entry functions
 This is great . I have been using Side kick for 5 years and have develop 2000 contact name database . REX took it and sync it back to Outlook . Synced Outlook to hotmail . Now no matter where I go , I can access my data from REX or hotmail without using my own computer . I love the small size . It stays in my wallet all the time . Good price makes it more attractive . I live in three cities in the three different continents and REX and my laptop moves with me no matter where I go .
 I remember buying a Psion palm computer , and then an Ipaq Pocket PC to use as an organizer.But for ease and convenience , absolutely nothing beats the Rex.I mainly use as a little phone book , which I find myself in need a lot . Rather than bungling through my bag and looking for the Pocket PC , I just whip out the Rex and have the desired phone number in 1 minute.I put the Rex in my front pocket of my pants , which may not be the best . However , my pants are n't that tight that it would be a big problem . I did have a Rex before where the screen started dying , but this was after years use . I do n't think a wallet -LRB- back pocket -RRB- is a great place to put the Rex , as there probably is n't much slack back there -LRB- cough -RRB- . The Palm V is comparable , but it is still huge compared the the PC Card sized Rex.The TruSync software was n't as intuitive as I 'd hope , but I got it working and sync ` ed up with my Outlook data without any problems.I am so happy with the Rex , that I have 2 just in case I lose one .
 shangs75 wrote that the rex 5000 does n't take addresses . It does . The box and website is missleading too bacause all you see is a name and a phone number , but actually there is a lot more that you ca n't see . This is my first day with it so disregard my rating . lh
 This credit card sized unit is terrific . After a couple of misfires I was able to synch it with ACT and now have over 1200 contacts with to do 's , phone numbers , and calendar . It comes with a nice leather case to hold bus . cards and the unit . The size makes it handier than a Palm if all you need are the functions above . I would not use it if I had to enter data into the machine manually - but the download from the PC card in the laptop is very easy . The TruSync software -LRB- inclued -RRB- is easy to use . Lot 's of value for the price .
 I just love this gadget . I 've had my Rex for over two years now , and I pack it full of stuff ! I use it to synchronize with my Outlook calendar , contacts , and notes features . If you do n't need to input information constantly , connect to the Internet , or play games , etc. the great price and tiny size makes it much more practical and economical than handhelds.The memory sounds low , but I have not yet run into a problem , despite saving several hundred contacts , nearly one hundred -LRB- sometimes chunky -RRB- note files , and three months of appointments . I easily keep track of my calendar , work/home/cell / pager phone numbers , emails , and addresses , and read texts or keep information handy in the notes files . I also keep directions in the notes section of my contacts , so I have them at my fingertips whenever I need them.Some of the comments I 've read here do not reflect my experience at all -- it definitely does save addresses , both work and home , and I can wholeheartedly attest to the sturdiness of my Rex . I have carried it around in handbangs , backpacks , pockets , etc. , and so I 've managed to sit on it , toss it about , scratch it , and drop it , but the thing keeps on going -- a real trooper . And the batteries are long-lasting -- I 've changed mine maybe three times.My Rex was twice the cost when I bought it , and it is still worth every penny . When I finally wipe this one out , I expect I 'll just buy another .
 This product is great if you have hard to buy for family members or friend . This tracks not only birthdays but also what you have purchased for them in the past . I like to also keep future ideas in this book so come Christmas time or birthday time , I can reference this handy book to see what to purchase . I recommend - especially with kids so you can look back and remember what fun toys they requested each year .
 I like this product because it helps to indentify things in my planner . It is very useful and convenient . I need to buy this all the time .
 This is nice paper and the price is pretty good . I 've used a bunch and am really happy with the images . The HP ICC profile for the paper is good , which really helps .
 The price was good and the shipping free and it came quickly with no problems . A great Deal !
 I have been using this at work for my employee picture badge for a while now and it 's holding up nicely . Better than a lot of the cheapo ones that I 've seen others using . If you can stack this onto an existing amazon order to get it with free shipping , go for it . Recommended .
 I have had so many of these badge clips and the string always breaks . These are durable , fit perfectly on my belt , and do no snap or snag .
 I use these for the gym . I belong to several gyms , and I HATE the little cards that you have scan when you enter . So ... I put all of the cards on the end of one of these and attached it to my gym bag . I always have my cards , and I do n't have to look like an idiot having them on my keyring .
 I just read the only other review and was quite surprised . This person must have been part of the very few unlucky who got a bad unit . Mine has been working flawlessly since I bought it , about 9 years ago , and it even survived a fire . At the time it came out there was nothing better on the market . I also bought recently a Sony reader , same thing thing works wonderfully , and the design is just excellent . Sony still makes high quality electronic equipment today as it 's been doing for ... ahh I do n't know . I even have a digital radio made by Sony which I bought in 1982 , and guess what ? It still works just fine ! Amazing !
 John H. Meyers ' review pretty much says it all , so I wo n't go on and on here . I did want to correct another reviewer , however . The beep feature mentioned CAN be turned off completely following simple instructions in the manual . Perhaps the reviewer had a defective item , but I had no trouble at all turning off that beep -LRB- and I do agree it is pretty darn annoying if you leave it on ! -RRB- This is a fine little answering machine at a good price .
 Sony 's answering machine is a good cheap one . Using mailboxes is annoying since people wont press * -LRB- number -RRB- , but it does its job , and that 's what 's important .
 I am definitely glad I purchased this desk . Its a unique style and just what I was looking for . If you like the `` Contemporary '' look , you 'll like this desk . It took a few hours to put together , but it 's pretty straight forward . The only complaint I would have is that the spot for a printer is fine for a small or even medium-sized printer , its not designed to handle a big printer -LRB- I have a fairly large 4 function printer -RRB- . Between the weight of the printer and the inadequate support -LRB- for that much weight - 35-40 lbs -RRB- , I wont put my printer on it .
 The desk it great . Though I still havent got all the pieces yet . A handful of important pieces came out to be defective . The best one is the nut with no threads.I called and let the company know . They accidently sent me the wrong parts . Now Im waiting for my second set of parts.Great company to deal with . Id buy from them again .
 From my personnal point of view , , this desk was GREAT ! -- Its very strong , sturdy and attracting to the eye . Its got a nice working space and a moderate little storage area . The desk was made very well with the exception for an imperfection with the keyboard rack.On my desk it was installed uneven and consequently has my keyboard rack stick out about 2 inchs more then it should , , but I guess thats why the price is in the range that it is!But non the less I moved on from that and gave a four star rating for its close to perfection style !
 I received this desk yesterday and so far I am quite content with it . Assembly was pretty easy and intuitive . The parts even had stickers with numbers on them to really make it easy for dummies like me . I thought the quality of the parts was average , as some of the holes in the different pieces were crooked , sloppy , etc ... but I suppose it isnt obvious once the desk is fully assembled . Appearance wise , it is a very sleek and modern looking desk and is perfect for my house ... that may not be the case for everyone 's house , of course .
 I needed a computer desk for my small in house office . After reviewing several , I settled on this one . It is exactly what I needed . It 's very functional and well designed . Anyone needing a computer desk should be happy with this one . And the price is not bad , either
 is a great little computer desk , especially for the price . Easy to read instructions and easy to assemble . I do recommend that when you install the bolts through the metal tubes that you add washers to increase the stability and improve the strength of the desk . The Shelves are perfect size for computer components . Top shelf is much better made for a flat screen monitor . This is a great little desk !
 exactly what i ordered , how i ordered it . on time . perfect condition . There was a slight problem on installation instruction , but nothingtoo hard to figure out -LRB- IE
 This is a really nice computer desk . Very contemporary . This is the second one that I have owned and would buy another if the need arose . I have had both the blue and the black and they both look fantastic . Great value for the money . The only complaint is the shelf for the harddrive does n't support the weight . I will say my harddrive is a little older and probably weighs more then the newer ones . I added one leg under the shelf , that was all it needed . You wo n't be dissapointed with the functionality , looks , and over all value of this desk .
 Got this for my man and it has quickly become the clip board that everyone in his office wants to use . It 's durable and really cool looking . The clip is still going strong after months of use and the surface is smooth enough to write on without any issue .
 V-Tech phones have performed well for me in the past and thisset is no exception . Easy to install . Easy to program . Unitsare sleek and compact . Reception is clear . All options performwell . The 3 mailboxes make it convienent for sorting messages.An exceptional value for the price !
 It is the best phone I 've bought in my life , I recommend 100 % The drums were the changes after 6 years use , incredible
 This scale is amazing ! It is highly accurate and of course , precise . It is very sensitive and is very linear at weight measurement no matter which end of the extremes you 're at - 0g or 100g . You can blow air from your lips upon the scale surface and you can see the device meter it . Impressive ! Accurate to the .01 gram , increments of 10mg -LRB- not by 5 's or 1 's -RRB- . The 30yr warranty is a great deal - make sure to keep your warranty card or receipt . The calibration is easy and you get two 50.0 g weights . Mine weighed .02 grams away from the actual 50g -LRB- .04 when weighing both weights -RRB- after calibration . This is miniscule though . The LCD action when you put something on the scale is displayed beautifully .
 When I first got my My Weigh Durascale 100 it must have been damaged in shipping and did n't work well . I sent it back and got a new one sent to me pretty much by return mail and it has worked perfectly for over a year now .
 This is a great pocket scale that is very accurate and has excellent resolution . It is so sensitive and responsive , that if air currents blow on the platform it will register a change in weight !
 ingenius ladder that folds up . I found that i tended to use it less . mostly because of the weight.I found the smaller Polder to be more popular . However , this is a great ladder
 Certainly carries more weight if when you pull this out , it 's in the inside pocket of your 3-piece suit - if you 're wearing jeans & a t-shirt with holes in it , you might just coming off as a gadget nerrd - but this is a snazzy gift for any professional in the tech field who has business cards .
 As an IT Consultant , I need to hand out a lot of business cards to keep fed . Since nothing screams `` geek '' like a circuit board , this case was an obvious choice for me.The case itself is made of durable metal and snaps shut securely . The circuit board itself is glued to the top of it and is quite an eye catcher . The copper is quite shiny and eye-catching . A lot of business is leaving an impression that sticks with your potential clients . This case has gotten a lot of compliments from my clients , and while I would n't say it has single-handedly earned me tons of business , it 's one more thing to stick out in a client 's mind .
 My computer loving brother in law just became a Dr. He fell in love with this last minute Xmas gift.Highly recommended .
 These tabs look great in the office , they are easy to put together and have an overall professional look . The only problem I experienced would have been trying to download the application you need in order to print the tabs . But once i got that figured out , the assembly was easy . I would highly reccomend these printable tabs to others .
 Great product and as described . Only concern is the small piece of plastic connecting the key ring ; that connection feels thin and like it will be the point of failure . Otherwise I would rate it a 5 star product . But overall , perfect for a business or office . Only wish shipping was cheaper , or Prime eligible .
 Small item , and the perfect one for my public restrooms.I will recomend to any one is looking for this kind of items.Thank You !
 This tag is nice and big , so nobody leaves this behind in bathrooms and it is easy to find it .
 I needed 2 of these for my work , the bathrooms are in a public hall behind a locked door , these are prefect and help the key from getting lost .
 It makes it easy for people to forget and take the bathroom key home or leave it in the bathroom . This makes it easier to remember to bring it back .
 The key tags came on time , looked great and I was happy with the price . Does n't get any better than that !
 The paper is heavy professional quality and it makes great digital photos . I have bought thousand of sheet of photo paper but none better at any price.It works well on all 5 of my printers . I may buy all of it .
 I use this paper to proof magazine ads . The finish is very similar to the glossy pages in the magazine . The quality is good , and I like that a sheet does n't feel like a sheet of cardboard like some brands ...
 This does not work in a laserjet printer . I know it does n't say laserjet on it , but I am sure I am not the first to think , I am sure it will work just the same ... It does n't , LOL .
 I 've been looking for a better photo paper that does n't smear or finger print and this is now one of them .
 Having tried many ink jet papers over the years , I was really satisfied with this one . This paper produces fantastic results , consistently , for photo/graphic applications . The `` advanced '' brand does make a difference !
 I recently got a nice Sony A35 camera from Amazon and wanted to print some 8 by 10s . I initially got store prints and I can now do these on my own with this paper which is the same brand as my printer . I am no expert but they turned out great , nice colors , and came off the printer pretty much dry and safe to touch . This will mean I do not have to pay out for in store prints anymore .
 I just got my Little Mermaid Check Book Wallet . There is a place for all your cash and check needs in it . The picture of Ariel and Flounder on the wallet are very nice . I like that it has Ariel 's name on it . If you Love Ariel and need a wallet to keep every thing in . Than this is the wallet for you . I love mine
 AN EXCELLENT WALLET FOR THE LITTLE MERMAID COLLECTOR . HAS ALOT OF SPACE TO PUT ALL YOUR CREDIT CARDS , CASH , ETC. . I 'M VERY HAPPY WITH MY PURCHASE OF THIS WALLET.I HAD NEVER SEEN ONE LIKE THIS , I RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT TO ANY ONE WHO IS A LITTLE MERMAID COLLECTOR OR WOULD LIKE TO GIVE IT TO SOMEONE AS A GIFT .
 These are THE `` industry standard '' permanent markers . No other marker comes even close . You will not be disappointed!To the previous review , please do not use these markers on your CD 's , they can damage the top layer of your cd and eventually make it unreadable . Use specific CD Markers for writing on CD 's . For everything else , use these !
 I love this markers , I use them everytime I want to label my cd 's ... Plus , they come in 4 different colors , wich make my cd 's very unique !!!
 Our family loves Sharpies . We use Sharpies for tons of different things . And the kids love to do art projects with Sharpies . I use Sharpies to ID my golf balls . I now am using Sharpies in the workshop and they work great !
 I just love the company papermate and most of my school/office items are papermate . I needed pens and these seemed great because if you make a mistake it can erase and it stays in pen . I had the older version of this and it was great . But this one seems worse in my opinion . The pen does not write as well as a normal pen , -LRB- Of course because it is a special type -RRB- and the eraser is a normal eraser , nothing special , so it did not erase that well either . If you buy this for young students grades 5 and below , it might be sutiable , but any higher you should try different pens . Also the pens do not look like the ones in the picture , but I think they look better . -LRB- it is a bright blue with a white eraser -RRB-
 Just as advertised . Going to use in September when I return to teaching . Good customer service and packing . Good Buy !
 Very good item very useful at my office that 's will recommend again to any one that Going to but it
 I was a big fan of the FranklinCovey `` Better Than A Yellow Pad '' project planner notebook until I found this . I still love the FranklinCovey product , but this only costs a fraction of the price and just as functional . Plus it 's pretty and reminds me of a great cause for which I 'm a long time supporter -LRB- Breast Cancer Awareness -RRB- . Love it !
 HI All , GREAT all around calculator which works well for a casual user as well as a business user . The display is large and the buttons are great for folks with large fingers . One great plus point is that it operates with both a built in battery and on solar power ... so in case you cant get enough solar juice you are not out in the cold . It just works.The price is great and amazon shipping makes it even a better value .5 / 5
 A small , compact calculator that takes very little space and has a large numerical readout . Easy to use , and very reasonably priced .
 I like this calculator very much . The buttons are a comfortable size as it the overall machine . I like the large 12 digit display . Use it almost daily . To prolong its life I keep it clean and dust free in a draw . I can strongly recommend it .
 These battery powered pencil sharpeners are amazing . I carry mine in my purse , and it always works . It 's important to me to write with a sharp pencil , and when I 'm on a trip or away from my desk I always take this sharpener with me . I have given it to friends and they love it too.This sharpener has a little cup like area that catches the shavings and it puts a sharp point on the pencil . I have had my original sharpener for over 2 years and I use it several times a week . I have never had to change the batteries . This is a great product .
 Everyone love the easy button - it works at that very moment when you want to be sarcastic and toot your own horn . We use it all the time at work !
 works . motivational when you get something done and press it . Got it as a present for one of my roommates . people are easily entertained by it . well that was easy !
 What fun ! I bought it for my husband who teachers Math and at the appropr . time it gets pushed and students love it . It is the right size , works perfectly , was received very timely and would not hesitate to purchase another . It 's a great conversation item for all ages .
 I bought one of these when my dad was on hospice . I gave it to him and suggested that he hit the button after completing an exhausting feat , and at that time just about everything he did was exhausting . He appreciated the humor and irony , and used the button quite often before he passed on . Now I 'm going to get another one for a close family member who is undergoing radiation and chemo-therapy for cancer .
 This product came in the time that it said it would . I use it to train my dogs and it works great !
 This item was such a fun purchase and it 's getting alot of laughs . It was a very good purchase .
 Dreadfully overpriced . It still makes my husband and I laugh after a particularly difficult dinnertime/bedtime routine . The levity it brings makes it worth it .
 I got this as a joke for my office , when people make obvious , inappropriate jokes , and it has n't ceased paying off . So funny .
 This button is AMAZING ! My boss has one , so of course I had to get one too ... because I 'm just that kind of employee ... lol ... riiiiight.I had an idea , so I carefully peeled off the rubber feet , unscrewed it , gently pulled the wires out , and replaced its guts with those of the `` BS '' button by doing a little creative soldering , trimming of internal plastic -LRB- under `` easy '' -RRB- , and use of a rubber band to hold the pressure button from the easy button in place on the BS button after soldering the wires -LRB- see below for walk-through -RRB- . A switcheroo when he was out of his office , and presto
 I ordered this a s a `` Joke Gift '' for a friend . I was pleased with what I received . It is sturdy and well-made . The talking voice is perfect as well . I was completely satisfied with my purchase .
 Like others I picked this up for less than five dollars at the Staples store . I keep it on my desk where it has provided me and my coworkers heaps of entertainment . Definitely worth the $ $ to see the smiles it generates . Many have asked me where I got it and everyone enjoys tapping it . A fun item and notable gift for friends and coworkers . I may just pick up a few more ...
 I ordered this after seeing it in an office at a local hospital . I was pleased and impressed with the `` easy '' button . It is very well-made and solid when depressed . I wish I could sound like the talking voice . It is fabulous ! I am totally impressed my purchase . Excellent value for the bucks .
 awesome product , shipping was fast , but you can get one for cheaper at any staples because this product was designed by them .
 Great item ! Fun for everyone ! Came in perfect condition & shipped quickly . Very satisfied !
 This is a fun toy , but it can also be very useful . I used it as part of my behavior management technique to overcome my discomfort about talking to strangers on the phone . I would make the anxiety provoking phone call , and , after its completion , I would `` reward '' myself for doing a good job by pressing the Easy Button . Because the voice is loud and encouraging , it served as an external reward . It is now much easier for me to make those kinds of phone calls .
 I was originally looking for a bell to hang by the door for my dog . After reading all the reviews for the Tell Bell and all the reviews for the Koolatron pet doorbell set , I realized I already had something that might work
 Gave this to my 13-year-old for Christmas and it was a big hit.He uses it for instrument practice and homework . When he completes something , he hits the button . Whatever it takes !
 Not sure why some sellers think they need to sell this for more than it costs at Staples stores and online .
 There are no questions to ask when purchasing the product , what you see is what you get . what a great way to shop !!!
 This is a great gift for that special person in your office you does more than you could imagine . Put a little fun into their day !
 I bought this as a gag gift but got one for myself , too . It 's great ! Everytime I 'm faced with a task I do n't really want to do - I press this and ` that was easy ! ' rewards me ! Well made . A great gift for the stressed , disorganized or the procrastinator in us all .
 As easy as it says it is :P shipped quick , no problems at all , works perfectly fine - that was easy .
 This product is made well and of strong , sturdy materials . I would reccommend this for anyone 's home or office . We are using ours as an information board for the family and especially for orientation for a person with mild onset Alzheimer 's disease .
 Read the review by `` SPack '' for entertainment and accuracy regarding this product.I love this file cart . I use it in my classroom and it is working wonderfully . Shopping around does not help with the price . Other sites will show free shipping , but their unit price is nearly double Amazon . Save yourself the time and buy it here .
 I bought this in the hopes it wold help me hold all my 12X12 &#34; scrapbook paper , and it does !!! The sheets fit in nicely and I can sort them into folders or just put them in directly . oh yes , and there is room on the lower rack for more scrapbook awesomeness ... I love it !
 I love having this because I am now organized with all my paper work . I store in underneath my countertop between my kitchen and family rooms where I have a couple of bar stools next to it . When its time to pay bills I just slide it out and it makes it super easy to stay organized .
 This rolling file is very compact , and yet has a lot of room for plenty of letter-size folders on the top and for folders or yet-to-be filed documents on the bottom . I usually roll it into a closet to keep it out of sight , but it 's not an eyesore .
 Fits just right in the sapce I have and holds a lot with the extra shelf.Just what I needed .
 Use a 2-4 level file cabinet and keep it less than full . Use a simple A-Z label system to make the files accessible and memorable . Do n't use hanging folders . Just label the plain vanilla folders with the Brother Labeler with the 3-level Category . Use a separate file cabinet for the tickler file system if you have a physical one , or just use the free Google Apps and Calendar like I do .
 I received this item four days before it was scheduled to arrive , which was a good thing . It measured up to all the positive reviews I had read about it . However , there is one aspect of the file in which I was disappointed . The lower shelf is not as useful as it might be because the vertical clearance is a tad too short . I suspect that this is because the manufacturer wanted the file to be able to roll underneath a standard height table . Nonetheless , I had hoped to put a Banker 's Box on that lower shelf to hold lesser used files . When needed , I would just slide the box out from the lower shelf and remove the files . The length and width would allow it , but Banker 's Boxes are 13 '' high , and the lower shelf of the cart had only about 10 '' of headroom . Likewise , standard reports and books are 11 '' high and would n't fit down there unless they rested on their spines . I solved the problem two ways . First , I drilled an extra set of holes in the legs 3/4 '' below the holes already drilled for the lower shelf . This was easily accomplished with a regular electric drill and a carbide-tipped bit . Then I mounted the shelf upside down -LRB- that is , with the lip around the shelf oriented above the shelf , rather than below it . Those two modifications bought me an extra 11/2 inches . I can now use the shelf either for reports sitting upright , the way they 'd be arrayed in a bookcase , or for a modified Banker 's Box with more files in it . The Banker 's Box can be modified by simply cutting off a couple of inches along the top edge -LRB- easier with some styles of boxes than others -RRB- . It will still hold standard hanging files , which are about 91/2 inches tall . Now that I 've made the modifications -- which took all of ten minutes to do -- I 'm very happy with the file , as it has twice the utility it would have had right out of the box . Note that drilling an extra set of holes in the legs will probably void the manufacturer 's warranty , but this is a pretty solid piece of equipment , so you 're not likely to have to invoke that warranty .
 Lorell Mesh Rolling fileGood product , fits together snugly , sturdy , nice length , exaxctly what I wanted . Definitely recomment this item .
 It can be wherever I am and I can store ring binders or file supplies on the bottom . Ican do my filing in front of the TV or in my Office . Life is good .
 This cart has been great for filing and keeping clutter in one spot . With the shelf on the bottom it makes it great to stack things you do n't want in the files . It was a bit of a challenge to put it together . It is definitely a two person job .
 The cart was easy to put together , very sturdy , and purchased at an excellent price . Easy to move around . Would purchase again .
 Had it for a while now , works fine , rolls easily . I have it in my living room near the computer and I cover it with a wall hanging depicting vintage postcards .
 This is a great product , it has been very useful around the office . It has really helped in keeping me more organized .
 This simple , solid file box allows easy access to standard hanging file folders and rolls easily out of your way when not in use . You will find that just by completing the assembly , you not only will have gained a practical filing solution , but you will have earned the respect of those around you who wanted to give up half way through . In the end , you will be flattered that the manufacturer had confidence in your ability to assemble this product . The assembly instructions are presented in straightforward , no-nonsense prose , but those who are conversant with basic engineering terms like `` flange '' will be at a distinct advantage . The supplementary diagrams prove somewhat helpful in places , but should not be taken too literally . A word to the wise
 While I enjoyed the verbally inventive critique of the writer who found the assembly of this hanging file challenging -LRB- quite frankly , it was one of the best written and amusing product reviews I 've come upon for anything on Amazon -RRB- , I followed the directions exactly , and with the provided wrench -LRB- albeit called a screwdriver in the directions -RRB- and a philips head screwdriver -LRB- my own -RRB- , had a new black mesh hanging file in all of 15 minutes . The directions suggest you put the wheels on last , which makes eminent sense . I can only imagine the havoc that might have been wrought had I put them on first ! Long story short , I 'm very glad I was n't dissuaded from purchasing this product . It did help to have my partner hold the ends as I attached the sides .
 The item arrived promptly and was easy to assemble . The depth of the cart where the file folders hang could be a tad deeper . Some of my file folders hit the bottom of the file `` drawer . '' The cart rolls easily .
 In retirement , I have taken on several hobbies/activities that involve the use of my computer and organization requires a filing system for paperwork . I knew portable/mobile file folder holders exist and I went on Amazon and up popped the Lorell Mesh Rolling File . The price was very reasonable . I ordered it and , I swear , it arrived on my porch in 2 days . I opened the carton and took out the parts and the sheet of directions and it was very , very simple to construct . Very well designed with panels that fit together perfectly with a solid snap and when the four sides were in place , the lower shelf slipped right into the clips and the four screws were easily screwed into the appropriate holes with a few turns of a screwdriver . I managed to complete the construction on my kitchen counter because I am not very flexible and construction on the floor would have been tough on me . The 4 casters slipped into the tube holes and my rolling file tub was complete !! It works great , looks wonderful and is JUST exactly what I needed . It is an excellent product ! Thank you Lorell and thank you Amazon !
 This item is exactly what I need in my home . It 's sturdy , roomy , and easy to roll to wherever I want to use it/stash it . A bit tricky to assemble part of it , but well worth the price !
 I received this item yesterday and am very happy with the purchase . I work from a home office and wanted something nicer than the cheap looking plastic versions of a rolling file cart . Here are the reasons I gave it five stars : - it looks super nice for a home office - it very efficiently fits right under my desk so it does n't take up floor space in my small office . The assembled height is 273/4 '' and my desk height is 28 '' so just be aware of height if you are looking to have it fit under your desk . - it is very solid and sturdy - it 's made from steel/metal and not cheap plastic like other versions you see online - letter sized files with file holders fit perfectly - bottom shelf is very strong and could hold things like reams of paper for a printer , if needed - this item does not wobble in the least - it is super safe and durable - it has a nice sheen to it - it 's not too shiny and not matt - just a nice in between sheen that makes it a nice looking piece of office furniture - super smooth rolling mechanism for moving the cart around.I saw that 2 individuals gave this product 2 stars because the holes did n't line up correctly . There was no need for this and there is no need for concern . This product did not deserve 2 stars for this reason . Yes , it is true at first glance the holes to put in the screws with the pieces do n't appear to line up if all you are doing is holding up the pieces to assemble , but then you realize that there is a reason for this once you are done . All you need to do is apply some reverse pressure to have the holes line up . The reason for the tight fit I realized after I was done is that is that is what makes this so sturdy once assembled . If the holes were n't a tight fit you 'd end up with a wobbly product whose screws would gradually become loose over time and you would n't be happy with it if it did this . An example is an office chair - all the holes line up perfectly and easily to assemble , but in time you have to get the allen wrench out and tighten everything up again . Because the fit is so tight with the screws on this item , there is zero chance of these screws coming loose with movement or over time and having your rolling cart accidentally collapse . This item is rock solid once assembled and it 's `` because '' of the tight fit of the pieces . In order to have the holes line up I just applied reverse pressure by putting the opposite side I was working with flat on the floor so that I could apply pressure on the side I was working on - it was simple once you did this . So no need to get out a hammer or bang it up to get it to fit like the 2 star reviewers did - just apply pressure by laying item flat as I mentioned and it will line up . I used a phillips screwdriver to push the screw thru the hole -LRB- it then has a nut on opposite side you 'd twist onto the screw . Total assembly took about 20 minutes . There were 8 screws . I am going to buy another - this is a fantastic product and I highly recommend it . In my opinion , this item is worth every penny .
 Handy CartFor keeping materials for a current project handy , I find this little cart just perfect . It wheels up to the computer desk , or out of the way . It 's well made -- especially for the price . PUtting it together is a bit confusing because of the directions , but with a little patience not all that hard .
 Very happy with my purchase . This cart was relatively simple to put together and is quite sturdy.It holds a good amount of files and rolls well . This cart does exactly what was expected.I definitely recommend it .
 I was dubious about purchasing a metal cart , I had always used wood or plastic file carts . This one is terrific . Reasonably priced , relatively simple to put together and easily movable . The screws are small , so large hands might be a problem . The only addition I would make is a cover to the top so that you can use it as a side table or for additional desktop space . A choice of colors would be nice , as well . But , all in all , a great purchase !
 These manila folders are the same weight as other folders that I 've used . What I did n't understand when I bought them is that they are not as tall when put into the pentax hanging file holder . Usually , the tab of the manila folder is above the edge of the hanging file . With these folders the tab is about 1/8 inch below the edge of the hanging folder . Not a problem , just something you may want to know before buying .
 These black file folders are a great , inexpensive supply source for making mini albums -- so many file folder mini album projects on YouTube to try out . Black is the ideal color ; no need to stain the edges with ink , etc. . Quality of the folder card stock is perfect for crafting of this sort . Such a fun find for me ! So many things one can do with a file folder , if you have the creativity !
 UPS showed that they delivered my order to my door , but I never received it . The company worked with me to resolve the issue and I could n't be happier with their customer service department .
 Crsip , Clear , Easy-to-read . Good stamp quality . If I needed other stamps , I would definitely look at this brand and style again .
 Was able to put this together easily and quickly , and I am happy with this product .
 My wife and I are both 69 years old and not really great at putting stuff together , but in less than three hours we had it assembled . It really looks good , and I think it 's a great value for the price . The instructions are bad , but if you study the drawings awhile you can figure it out . All the holes lined up perfectly . Also go to Amazon and keep looking at the big picture of the completed stand . That also helps . Lay everything out before you start.Good luck !!
 I retired a few years ago and now work exclusively out of my home office . Having worked in business for over 40 years I had been involved with many different staplers of all sorts and qualities . I was determined to get a stapler for my home office that would do the job I asked of it.Over the years I had found that Bostitch staplers seemed to generally do a better job than other brands I had used . Having worked for a larger company I would wind up using whatever kind of stapler the company issued to employees at that particular time.As I rose in rank in the company I began to be able to tell purchasing what kind of stapler I wanted them to order for me and would specify Bostitch staplers and staples . That generally worked very well although not even all Bostitch staplers are created equal . I found the more expensive staplers would generally work more reliably and reliability was very important to me then and now.When I retired and set up my home office I knew beyond any doubt that I wanted to invest in a high quality stapler that would not try my patience and would staple several sheets of paper together with no problem . I bought this stapler six and one-half years ago and it has never failed to staple as required . Not only is it good looking but it is a seriously good stapler ; both style and substance ! Who could ask for anything more?I highly recommend this stapler as an excellent long-term investment in good performance and user satisfaction !
 Solid construction easy to use . I was looking for a stapler that was dependable and it seems I have found one that will last for years.Goodluck , Matthew
 I had two of these prior to ordering two more . I like the style , the space saving design , non-slip bases and the chrome looks very modern on the desks/counters in my home.These staplers have performed flawlessly for years . They are not for the industrial heavy duty user , but they were not designed for that purpose.Bottom line , great product for it 's intended use home or office with classy looks . .
 I bought this as a second stapler for my home . I had one at the office and loved it , so had to have one at home . It takes up less space than a regular stapler , since it stands upright . It 's sturdy , durable , and works great .
 This is such a superior hand stapler . Swingline used to make the best staplers , however , for the past 15 to 20 years theirs have used inferior and plastic parts which are not long wearing ; the idea being , I suppose , that we 'll just buy another . This Bostich stapler is so incredibly sturdy . It 's made of solid metal with rubberized feet and is quite heavy although ergonomically suits the hand however you pick it up . Several people have used it in my office then gone out and bought one . I am sure it will last forever and look good the whole time.Stanley Bostitch Premium Stand-Up Stapler , Chrome -LRB- B3000 -RRB-
 My boss has complained about every stapler I have purchased for our common use room . I have not heard one complaint since purchasing this little wonder !
 This stapler is so good that I bought it after my first one that lasted over 10 years finally gave out . Best hand stapler for even thick stapling . My favorite !
 For anyone taking engineering classes I highly recommend this tool . It was very helpful when it came to detailed drawings .
 Well , what can I say about an engineer 's scale ? If you need one , this one will work fine for you . It 's a good product . The only complaint I have is that it is not aluminum as it was described in the details when I bought it . I see now that they have changed it to read `` white plastic '' , although another line in the details reads `` metal scale '' . It also still says `` metal '' in the title.Go ahead and buy the scale . It will work well for you . Just be aware that it 's plastic and not metal .
 This is good quality plastic and exactly what I needed and expected . I am an Engineering student , so this is the first time I needed a scale and this works perfectly with enough choices to be effective on many sizes of drawings . This is all in parts of an inch , so be careful in reading it . Each number represents 10 parts so on the `` 30 '' side , the inch is broken into 30 parts , so between the zero and the 3 there is one inch broken into 30 parts.As always , Staedtler is of the highest and most reliable quality !
 Best scale . Use on a daily basis when plan reading . Will last a long time .
 Although I ca n't get too excited about an engineering scale , it 's functional and well made . Recommended .
 this item is perfect , we have been looking for something like this for a long time
 Our Human Resource Department has requested this item for the second year . It seems to conform to all their requirements .
 I picked up several of these at my local office superstore a few years ago and fell in love with them . Each notebook is slim and sturdy with nice stiff covers . I use fountain pens and was delighted to find that the paper in this notebook takes very well to a variety of inks . The surface is smooth and nib-friendly , and each leaf has a substantial feel to it.My only complaint is that the binding does n't lay flat very well . I imagine that if you force it flat you may experience spine troubles as another reviewer says . However , I have not had any trouble writing in mine.These are cheaper than many of the high-end notebooks on the market and give similar satisfaction .
 As an ex-Navy combat photographer , I can only say I wish that I 'd had one of these babies back then . Quick and easy to master , it 's a snap to shoot single-handed . No extra lenses to lug around . The single Leica 35mm to 420mm lens is all you 'll ever need . Whether or not you shoot full auto or on automatic , the results are amazing !! I 'm currently shooting ultra-sharp photos of sailboats on the open ocean at 16x magnification off the island of Maui . The camera stablization takes over and `` shakes '' are a thing of the past . Think what you could accomplish using it for sports photography !! It looks good , feels good , and it rivals anything in it 's class for quality . I own Cannons and a Sigma SD-10 ... there 's no comparison ! The Cannon digital Rebel SLR does n't shoot movies but for the same price , this Leica does ! Probably the reason you do n't hear too much about this honey of a camera is that the stores have a ton of inventory they 've got to sell and if everyone knew how this Leica stacked up against the competition ... there 'd be a lot of sad shop owners holding the bag . Regards , Dick Sargent
 This camera was a total -LRB- GOOD -RRB- surprise when I received it . I WAS ABLE TO UNDERSTAND IT AND OPERATE IT ! You have no idea how important this was to me . The camera 's `` buttons '' and menus make sense and the Instruction book is actually understandable . This was important to me because I glaze over badly when I am confronted with a techie piece of equipment . Other shocks about this camera were the incredible amount of USEABLE zoom -- up to 85 X zoom , and the stabilizer control that can actually stabilize the picture at huge zooms . Example
 Being a field biologist specializing in the study of animal behavior , I wanted a camera with high resolution -LRB- 10 mp -RRB- , good optical zoom -LRB- at least 10x -RRB- , minimal delay between shutter release and recording on the CCD , fully manual focus option , video capacity , and reasonably light weight for carrying on my neck through the day . The Leica V-Lux 1 fits the bill as no heavy DSLR could possibly do . Similar `` advanced '' cameras by Canon , Fujifilm , and Nikon have less resolution or smaller zoom , or both , as well as other deficiencies . The Leica has proven to be a wonderful camera with which I have -LRB- in only a few months -RRB- taken an estimated 4000 photos -- but the price is a bit of a rip-off . Before explaining the rip-off , I report one annoying and initially alarming problem with the camera . In the field , in the low humidity environment of Patagonia -LRB- Chile -RRB- , drizzle began and while the camera was under my rain jacket and did not get wet , the CCD went screwy . At first it put a purple haze over everything -LRB- viewfinder or LCD , viewing or playback , and permanent on the photo when downloaded -RRB- . This aberration then turned to black and white horizontal lines . Nothing in the manual 's troubleshooting section mentions this problem , although p. 5 deals with condensation fog , which I suppose this was an unusual version of . The camera was unusable for half a day , and then the patient spontaneously recovered from its strange malady.Returning to the rip-off , according to Wikipedia , all the Leica digital cameras -LRB- with two trivial exceptions -RRB- are actually made by Panasonic in Japan . The excellent lens systems appear to have been developed jointly by the two companies . Panasonic 's Lumix DMC-FZ50 is nearly identical with the Leica V-Lux 1 , with obvious differences in external finishes and labels , and hidden differences in the firmware , so that Leica processes white balance , noise reduction , etc. differently . If you do n't want to pay for the Leica label , buy the Panasonic version at approximately half the price . -LRB- Yes , the pricing is really that different . -RRB- If you 've already naively bought the Leica as I did -- or decide you want it despite the small difference from the Panasonic -- at least be aware that all the accessories are interchangeable -LRB- and again , the Panasonic versions run about half the price -RRB- . Third party batteries and chargers are cheaper yet . Furthermore , Leica apparently does not post their manuals online for download , so go to Panasonic 's website and get a pdf of the Lumix DMC-FZ50 . Finally , I could not find that either Leica or Panasonic markets a teleconverter lens for the V-Lux/Lumix although such are mentioned on pp. 97-99 of `` the '' manual . -LRB- Yes , even the pagination is the same for the Leica and Panasonic manuals . -RRB- However , Olympus makes a 1.7 x teleconverter with 55 mm diameter screw mount that fits the V-Lux/Lumix . That combines for a zoom of over 20x , and works just fine with my Leica.Panasonic DMC-FZ50 10.1 MP Digital Camera with 12x Optical Image Stabilized Zoom -LRB- Black -RRB-
 This is the best sub-SLR -LRB- bridge -RRB- camera there is out there.Enough has been written about this camera by others elsewhere so I am not going to go over the same things again.Here are just a few points that I think are important , or have not been covered before .1 . I saw that some people wrote that if you want to spend this money , you might as well buy a SLR camera kit . That is a misleading idea.Leica V-Lux 1 comes with a 35 to 430 mm original , best quality lens . There is no SLR kit on the market that does that under $ -LSB- ... -RSB- , let alone the fact that you do n't have to carry two lenses to cover the same zoom range -LRB- focal distance -RRB- .2 . This is the only bridge camera that offers exactly the same controls like true SLR cameras , including dial controls for aperture and speed , placed just like the controls in the Nikon SLR series . Without taking the camera from your eyes you can adjust with your index and thumb , the aperture and the exposure speed -LRB- or the Program Shift as the case may be -RRB- . In the same time , with your left hand you can adjust the zoom and the manual focus rings .3 . Leica V-Lux 1 , has some features encountered only in SLR-s much more expensive . In example , on the left side of the lens there is a `` forced '' Focus button . Even with the focus set to MANUAL mode , one can still touch with the left thumb this button and the lens focuses automatic . Then it remains further in manual mode , so you can continue to adjust it further by turning the focus ring .3 . Here is one example of how great the image stabilization works . Last week I was at my son 's convocation ceremony that took place indoors in a sports arena , but it was not lit enough . My son was sitting in the middle of the stadium . I was standing all the way up . With the camera held in my hand and with the maximum zoom , I took about three pictures . One out of three came out perfectly clear . Now consider this
 I agree with other positive reviews of this camera , particularly that provided by the former military photographer . The leica lens performs beautifully . Images are extremely sharp . It is user friendly . For the person who believes some reviews were written by Leica company -- I 'd say , not a chance . Have you really read them ? I mean no disrepect to the reviewers -- am only trying to make a point .
 This is the best sub-SLR -LRB- bridge -RRB- camera there is out there.Enough has been written about this camera by others so I am not going to go over the same things again.Here are just a few points that I think are important , or have not been covered before .1 . I saw that some people wrote that if you want to spend this money , you might as well buy a SLR camera kit . That is a misleading idea.Leica V-Lux 1 comes with a 35 to 430 mm original , best quality lens . There is no SLR kit on the market that covers that range at the same lens quality under $ 1000.00 , let alone the fact that you do n't have to carry two lenses to cover the same zoom range -LRB- focal distance -RRB- .2 . This is the only bridge camera that offers exactly the same controls like true SLR cameras , including dial controls for aperture and speed , placed just like the controls in the Nikon SLR series . Without taking the camera from your eyes you can adjust with your index and thumb , the aperture and the exposure speed -LRB- or the Program Shift as the case may be -RRB- . In the same time , with your left hand you can adjust the zoom and the manual focus rings .3 . Leica V-Lux 1 , has some features encountered only in SLR-s much more expensive . In example , on the left side of the lens there is a `` forced '' Focus button . Even with the focus set to MANUAL mode , one can still touch with the left thumb this button and the lens focuses automatic . Then it remains further in manual mode , so you can continue to adjust it further by turning the focus ring .3 . Here is one example of how great the image stabilization works . Last week I was at my son 's convocation ceremony that took place indoors in a sports arena , but it was not lit enough . My son was sitting in the middle of the stadium . I was standing all the way up . With the camera held in my hand and with the maximum zoom , I took about three pictures . One out of three came out perfectly clear . Now consider this
 This camera was my first entry into the digital Leica world after several decades of being a Leica M film user . I was not disappointed with this camera in terms of picture quality and ease of use . It is not built like the Leica M cameras , but it does n't need that extra weight and solid metal ruggedness . This is a camera you can take anywhere and not worry about what may happen to it . The Panasonic - Leica relationship is a good thing ... outstanding optics and electronics in one package .
 I just got this camera V lux-1 few days ago . As soon I received the package , I was very excited and used the camera right away . As of now , I am testing Auto mode with different type of scenes . I have tested indoor scenes using no flash and was very amazed with the quality of the natural colors and contrast of light . The light temperature was very good , just like real natural scenes . I found the focusing speed was fast enough to capture my young restless kids . Lag time was not noticeable.Having this great quality photo camera , I am very much enjoying taking photos more now . I will update more later after I use this camera more . Overall , I am very satisfied with this great camera .
 This is one of the most amazing cameras I 've owned , it 's easy to use and has a great macro . Well worth the price !
 The LEICA model that was based on FZ50 which improved performance from FZ30.I judged the function of FZ50 with the perfect model who cried more than this , but decided to use it habitually.It is portability and one the lens type digital camera which it can photograph immediately . The right best excellent plane .
 Kinda obvious that the customer reviewers of this camera are in the marketing department of the Leica company .
 A quick Google search shows 50 pgs for this pad Item number . This was found at -LSB- ... -RSB-
 These binders are great for rough handling , sitting around for months , and then more rough handling - the rings stay shut and papers do not slip out - they 've been dropped and stepped on and tossed around numerous times - you ca n't go wrong with these , the only binders I 'll ever buy .
 After using just about every binder out there , I finally found this one . Look for the single black tab/opener on the bottom of the photos.They open so easily , pages turn smoothly and you can find any size you need in this style .
 We use these as music covers at my church . They are very durable and hold a lot of music .
 What woman would n't want to be kept in a pretty red binder ? You know , because we only care about things like pretty colors and cooking dinner ... you can keep our recipes in here with us !
 My bride bought this for her new found obsession with couponing . The binder is high quality and seems like it will last for a long time . The inner brackets are firm yet easy to use . Kudos to Avery for making a great heavy duty binder .
 I have had mine for almost 2 years and ordering more . I really pack with paper and it has held up -- good as new . Very easy to open and used a lot .
 This colorful electric clock easily shows the time . Count the squares in each box . It 's that simple ! The patterns are endless . Some patterns are cooler than others and it seems to never be the same twice . A great gift . The style is simple enough to go anywhere!This Review Comes to You From The Daylight Saving Time Party People !
 Not much to say about bindings , they work well , great quality and much cheaper on Amazon than anywhere else we could find them . Very dark blue , even considering they are Navy .
 We love this journal . The three ring binder style allowed us to remove the filler pages from wine sections we do n't normally drink -LRB- blush , dessert -RRB- and add those pages to sections we drink often -LRB- reds ! -RRB- Also includes a handy quick-reference chart with definitions of oft-used wine terms.If you are an absolute purist about recording the entire , full label on the bottle this may not be the journal for you . The space for the labels is ample if you are ok with trimming to fit in some instances . The journal is the size of a med-lrg planner so the pages are n't so large that you have tons of space to record tons of info or large labels , for instance.Certainly a good solution for the novice or amateur wine aficionado .
 I originally purchased this cartridge for my 11 year old to help her develop a broader vocabulary without realizing she was learning . She thoroughly enjoys playing `` Hangman '' and `` Wordtrain '' , but the real surprise was how much her 14 year old brother enjoyed the other word games . The various skill levels allow for words that I do n't even know ! If this happens , a press of the button displays the dictionary entry for the word . While neither child cares for `` Word Poker '' or `` Word Auction , '' the value of the other eight games makes the cartridge more than a worthwhile value . Other games include anagrams , jumble , word blaster -LRB- a speed spelling game -RRB- , word deduction -LRB- a variation of word mastermind -RRB- , memory challenge , word capture -LRB- a speed typing game -RRB- , and Lotto for those of us who like to have our lottery numbers picked for us . All in all , the WORD GAMES cartridge has already provided more entertainment and learning value than I had anticipated .
 This card is a good buy . I originally borrowed this card from my friend and since then have been stuck on Word Poker along with a few of the other games . While this card has many of the same games as the Franklin Electronic Dictionary I have , its still a good deal and very much worth buying !
 The Franklin Bookman cards are a great add-on to an already excellent product . This is a great way to leverage the value of your Franklin Dictionary with other content for what amounts to a bargain price.Amazon seller Xpresstech is the largest private Franklin Master Distributor and stocks all Franklin products . They can be found on amazon at -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Buy this book , you wo n't regret it . I looked over several other books and found this one a good book for a first time shih tzu owner . There is information in there on every aspect of the shih tzu ; for some people it may not be as indepth as they would like but this has more than enough for someone starting out . It is a book you will refer to many times . Pay attention to page 18 and page 50-51 on scolding a shih tzu ; they are senstive creatures and do n't respond well to being scolded harshly . They are more than eager to do what pleases you . There is also two pages on grooming that shows the different clips for a shih tzu if you do n't want to keep the long hair like a show dog . This is an overall book that contains enough information yet will not overwhelm you . Easy to read .
 I was reading the former review and I bought this book ! It 's a great book and very easy to understand and it has great color pictures . It goes through the history of the Shih Tzu down to there health problems . My 11 year old daughter loves reading this book . I am a first time Shih Tzu owner and have found this book to be my lil Shih Tzu `` bible '' you will enjoy this book !
 We recently acquired a new 7 week old Shih Tzu puppy . I purchased this book a few weeks before we brought the puppy home . It is chock-full of great facts , little tid-bits of interesting information about the breed and helpful tips in a variety of areas that include how to find a Shih Tzu , feeding , grooming , training and general care . It is well written , easy to understand and not overdone . The author also does not bombard the reader with her opinions , but rather makes suggestions on the topics.This book is a great `` Beginners Manual '' for first time Shih Tzu owners .
 This book is by far the best to get when you purchase a new Shih Tzu . I bought three books -LRB- including this one -RRB- and this was by far the most useful information without too much fluff . The other books were more into show dog do 's and do n'ts . As I bought my dog for companionship and to be a great dog for my kids , which he is without question , I did n't need that . Highly recommend it ...
 This is an excellent book for the new Shih Tzu owner . It has many helpful tips on what to expect and covers grooming , feeding , diseases , illnesses and training . I got it from the library first and liked it well enough to purchase it .
 The Shih Tzu Handbook is a great introduction to the breed . More people should read such books and follow the recommendations . The pictures are adorable too !
 I really enjoyed reading this book . It was very easy to read , as well as informative about the breed and care of the breed . The only disapointment was that on this site it says the book has information on breeding and it does not really have any other than the breed standard . The main reason I chose this book is because I was looking for information on breeding . I do not regret purchasing it , however !
 In an attempt to educate myself before bringing my shih tzu puppy home I stumbled onto this book . I have purchased others and this by far provided the most information that was helpful to me . Many others focus on showing these wonderful dogs and that is fine but not what I intend to do . This book gives basic info about this specific breed and their needs . I would highly recommend this book .
 This book is a great book to own if you own a Shih Tzu ! Great Pictures!Very good instructions on how to care for your new addition ! Enjoy ...
 Awesome Books thank you , although this book has a tad tear on the back , all in all , the book is new with no writing ! Very happy customer here .
 My keys always seem to migrate to the bottom of my purse . Not any more !!! I love these keyrings that hook over the side of my purse and keep my keys within easy reach . No more fumbling and rooting around in your purse to find them ! Hooray !
 We needed an extra Panasonic to replace one that had inadvertently gotten drenched in water . This was an exact replacement and was delivered promptly .
 This phone was not designed to be connected directly to an outside phone line . Instead it should be connected to a Panasonic digital or hybrid PBX system . It features a speaker-phone , automatic redialing , call conferencing and excellent sound quality . It can be used on a desk or mounted on a wall . Twelve buttons with lights can be custom programmed , so they connect to outside lines or to other extensions and indicate whether such connections are busy . A standard 4-wire -LRB- 2 pair -RRB- CAT3 connection between this phone and the PBX is all that is necessary to enable all of its features .
 Upon arrival , I was impressed with the quality of this pen . I had read the reviews before I purchased this pen and based on what was written , I had to take the plunge . The only qualm I have is when the pen arrived , the metal clip was slightly scratched -LRB- hence the four stars -RRB- . I do not feel this is a major setback as it will be a matter of time before I add my own scratches.I had also read how certain individuals are disturbed that Cross pens are made/assembled in China . This however , does not bother me . Cross has an excellent warranty on all pens so this was n't much of a concern . The other issue was the marks on the pen not lining up which is correct . This again is not really to much trouble as the lines are barely visable unless you are looking closely . I would imagine if this pen was indeed made in the USA , the cost would be much higher . Anyhow , great product .
 This pen is brilliant . I want a pen for office use that had class and beauty and made of silver , so I went to site to site looking for a high quality pen with a reasonable price and finally came to this site and I was amazed of the craftmanship and the price , so I was skeptical , but I took a chance and when it came I open the package and it was more beautiful than I could a imagine so yes I recommend this product it has class and beauty and you wo n't regret .
 Totally elegant pen . This sterling silver pen will be a nice twenty fifth anniversary gift . And it comes gifted boxed .
 Works like a pen should ... surely not the most expensive ... but dependable :-RRB- Exactly what I was expecting .
 The Cross Sterling pen was a gift for my husband . Great value and I hope to shop with you again . Fast shipping ...
 when I saw the picture of the pen , I was happy coz i liked it . but when it arrived I was extra happy coz it was really elegant and smooth in writing.my husband loved it and the box that is coming with.what a perfect gift for someone who just got a promotion at work .
 I WAS VERY HAPPY WITH THIS PEN IT WAS A GIFT FOR MOMS BIRTHDAY AND SHE WAS VERRY HAPPY BECAUSE SHE HAD ONE OF THESE AND LOST IT SO MADE HER VERY HAPPY ON HER BIRTHDAY . AND THE PEN WAS HERE IN JUST A FEW DAYS PLENTY OF TIME BEFORE HER BIRTHDAY
 I used the Partner EF400T on my trip to Paris last week and just wanted to say that it was perfect - hence the name ` Perfect Partner ' ! The French are not known for speaking English easily -LRB- even if they can speak it perfectly well -RRB- and this little gadget saved my skin on a more than a couple of occasions . Being as ` nationalistic ' as they are , I thought it would be better to keep my mouth shut :-RRB- I entered what I wanted to say and it actually spoke it out right away . The people I used it on where much more receptive to the device than me But without it I think my trip would have been sooooo bad .
 This is a great item for the HP infrared calculators , where you need a written record . It prints on thermal paper , on a tape like old manual crank adding machines , but the comparisons end there . It handles complex algebraic formulas well , and they are easy to read.But this item is touchy . Mine only really works on a clean desktop with a super stable line of sight to the calculator and in typical office lighting of a florescent and incandescant mix . My use of it outdoors sitting on an uneven surface enjoying the sunny weather while calculating away was a frustrating experience . Consider this as an item that is really only for indoor desktop use .
 I love this little printer . I tend to use an HP calculator for most things , and this allows me to double check my work without having to re-do all calculations , which saves a lot of time and frustration . It is quick and easy .
 I use this printer out at a shooting range with a chronograph to test the speed of bullets . Many other shooters pay me to test their loads through my chrono , and this printer lets them do it faster as they do not have to write down the velocity of each shot . I use a Competition Electronics ProChrono Digital , with the optional remote that has IR printing . If it 's sunny I just put a hat or something over the gap between the chrono remote and the printer so the IR beam is not washed out in the sun . Paper rolls are avail at any office supply store for about $ 1 per 80 ' roll .
 This HP IR printer is the perfect companion to your HP calculator . it prints wirelessly -LRB- via Infrared -RRB- and I have n't had any interruption or `` crash '' even after heavy use . The other good thing is that the thermal paper rolls are still available in Staples or Walmart .
 This item was significantly higher from authorized tool outlet for a 5 gas anylizer and is the same printer , just under a different number than CDX 's numbering . Save yourself a few hundred dollars and buy through this avenue and avoid the tool peddlers .
 How this priner comunicated whith analyzer NG AED Afriso . but not infrared only cable if it possible ?????
 Great product and price . best quality and price . remarkable wonderful quality . Great product and price . best quality and price . remarkable wonderful quality .
 It was a little thinner than I expected but it does the job . I have it on my desk at work to cover my calendar and pictures of my kids .
 I really like it because it save my desk top from the scratches and cup rings that my old desk had . It is easy to clean just use a damp cloth .
 This is about the 4th or 5th V-Tech phone that I have owned , and I think so far the one that I have gotten the most compliments on . In addition I have to say that with each V-Tech phone that I have had to purchase they keep getting better and better . The sound is great , easy to program , and as I stated very stylish , small and compact . I am a Mom who actually starting buying V-Tech phones because of the way the toys held up and in 12 years I have yet to have been disappointed .
 After reading all of the previous reviews here about this phone , I decided to risk it since the price was right and a good number of people found that they worked great for them.After a couple of months , all I can say is that they are fantastic ! I 'm glad that I bought them , and would recommend them to anyone who is looking for a dependable basic phone with some nice features .
 The ONLY complaint I have about this phone is the lack of a headphone jack . Its sleek design looks good , the handset fits my hand comfortably , and it programmed effortlessly . I love the blue backlighting and the numbers are easy to see in the dark . Because it operates on a frequency outside the band used by most cordless phones , WiFi , etc. it is virtually interference free . I 've had two Panasonic cordless phones that cost a LOT more and this is far superior . Definitely a good buy .
 I think this phone is great . The only down side is you ca n't listen to your messages without going to the machine . That 's not really a down side though . Its sleek and cool looking as well as durable -LRB- I dropped it three times already -RRB- . If you want a cool loking phone that has multiple rings , caller id and user friendly than this is the phone.WARNING
 This was a great purchase . I really like the intercom feature where you can use one phone to call the other one.Sleek and easy to use . Very satisfied with this product .
 Crystal clear phones and nice design ; they work wonderfully . However , I did have a technical problem -LRB- which turned out not to be the fault of these phones , but a problem with interference from another phone in my house causing these new ones not to work properly . I finally got things working right -LRB- thanks to my phone company being so great about helping me find the problem -RRB- . The Technical Support that I tried to get from VTech was not good at all .
 I 've owned my vtech for 6 months and absolutely love it . It 's very lightweight and comfortable to hold ... especially during long phone conversations , and the sound is crystal clear . Unlike other reviewers , I have NOT had any problems with the batteries holding a charge . You do have to go through a lot of sub menus to store numbers in the directory , change ringtones , ring volume , etc. . . not a major deal though . The answering machine is just that ... nothing exceptional . One thing I do like about the answering machine is the toll saver setting . I also like the fact that it comes with 2 headsets . -LRB- At first I did n't think two would be necessary but with a teenage daughter , one is usually in her room . -RRB- I would definately recommend this phone to anyone looking for a good quality cordless phone .
 this is a cool phone . but why does it share the Caller ID and not the Phone Book ? what the hell is the point of having 2 handsets if u have to go to the other phone to get a number ?
 I do n't understand the bad reviews.The Vtech 6042 is Dect 6 . My experience with over about 18 months of use is - this is the best phone system I 've ever owned.The sound clarity is as good as a regular wired phone . * I 've had the phone all the way out to where my motorhome is parked - over 100 ft from the base - perfect sound . * The recorder is the easiest to use recorder I 've ever had . * It 's very reliable . = So I have to complain . Ok . One time I was one the phone with tech support of a large software company . When on speaker - the battery goes away much faster than if holding by the ear . I had to get the 2nd phone - that comes with it - and use that phone while phone # 1 recharged . Big deal . I was on the phone - with speaker on - for over 90 minutes and it worked . The batteries charged back up in under an hour.Would I buy it again ? You bet
 I almost did n't buy this phone after readig the negative reviews ... poor battery life , etc. . I have had the phone for three months and it has performed flawlessly . No problem with battery life . It has lasted in excess of 2.5 hours on multiple occasions . Great design , intuitive use , a little pricey , but well worth the money .
 The handset is light and cool it works like a dream . . There is no interference with any equipment at home , and you can walk about 1 mile and still receive good signal .
 THIS PHONE IS VERY NICE AND SLIM . MY HUSBAND AND I USE IT FOR WALKIE TALKIE . YOU CAN TALK FROM A VERY VERY FAR DISTANCE . I MAY ORDER ONE MORE FOR THE OTHER BED ROOM ... . SOUND IS AWESOME .
 I purchased this phone system not only for it 's design but for the new technology features and the two handsets . Setup was very easy even without using the manual . I was able to navigate the menu and set it up very easily . The sound quality is very good and I like the slim feature . For my purposes , it holds the charge all day when I am not using it and it is not on the rechargeable base . Since I have a separate answering system , I do n't make use of the voice mail feature which is easily disabled . If you are looking for a great looking system with many features , this is your phone .
 Nice looking unit , have all hooked up and works great , great sound.would suggest this phone over several out there being sold , great buy from amazon .
 This phone is sleek , comes with the satellite base and has great reception . Normally I couldnt get reception to far outside my house this phone was crisp and clear .
 Purchased this phone when my older -LRB- must have been over 10 years old -RRB- wireless VTech performed a nose dive onto the floor and could not recover . I stayed with VTech and bought in to the new DECT technology even though I did n't seem to be experiencing any issues with my wireless router and phone sound quality.The VTech 6042 is a nice phone with good feature set . The base has a much smaller profile than many older phones and the handsets sit upright in the cradle , so you 'll save on some desk space with this new cradle.The handsets are light , sleek and comfortable and easy to hold . The audio quality is very good , the mute button easy to find when you need it , volume controls for ringer and handset work well and the headset does n't interfere with hearing aids.The only fault I could find was with the lack of a headphone jack on the handset . If you are one of those that have long conversations on the phone and have come to rely on a wired headphone attached to the handset , look elsewhere - the VTech 6042 does not provide headphone jacks , so you 'll have to live with the built in speakerphone feature . If headphone jack is a MUST HAVE along with DECT technology , look to the Uniden DECT2080 instead .
 This phone is clear , and good on the battery , I charged and let it run down , took 3 days , then recharged . Great battery life and great clarity.The only downside is having to enter into EACH phone your directory of numbers
 I ordered this phone to replace my corded phones and tape answering machine . It is an excellent telephone in almost all respects . It has a very good range permitting me to carry the phone into the garage while I work . When the phone rings in the family room , I can take the phone to another room to speak without having to turn the television off for others . However , it does not work real well with hearing aids -LRB- unless you use the speaker function -RRB- and the digital answering machine will lose messages in a power outage . I looked , but could not find a digital answering machine that had battery backup . Overall , these are small problems .
 I love these phones . I just wish I had ordered one with more handsets . I have not had any problems with these phones . They are so light you forget you are holding anything . Very easy to set up . Very modern looking .
 This phone exceeds my expectations . All of its features work perfectly and I give it a 5-star rating .
 This really is a nice phone . I wans ' t sure if I would like the keypad , but it is convenient and easy to use . It is easy to set up and best of all , there absolutly no interferance while on the phone .
 After spending a lot of time researching , we purchased this cordless product . It looks cool , is easy to set up , and intuitive to navigate . We did not have to use the manual at all , although a very thorough booklet is included . The sound quality is excellent , and very important to us
 Great Phone , excellent speaker phone . Could use more ringer options . Very nice and slim
 I love this phone ! The intercom , phone locator and 2 line , capabilties are always being used . Range is also good.I can go down the , street and intercom the house . Highly recommend
 This is a great phone . Very stylish . Sound is excellent . Very clear and no interference . I cant comment on the battery life because I keep the phone on the base all the time . But I 've never had a problem . If you want a beautiful phone that works great and is easy to use , buy the Vtech !
 the vtech 6 . o two handset cordless phone is easy to hold and has a great clear sound it 's sleek design is great
 When first asked to do this review we thought ... ah , this is just another cordless phone whose sound breaks up when you walk a few feet away from the base . We assumed it was another 5.8 GHz phone , but learned this cordless phone from VTech uses the new DECT 6.0 digital technology . Have you heard of DECT 6.0 ? It 's a newly available frequency that provides better security and superior quality of voice and sound than older 2.4 GHz and 5.8 GHz models . We were skeptical but decided to give this phone a try.The first thing we noticed about this phone was it 's good looks . It does n't have the typical cordless phone `` look . '' The keypad on the handset reminds us of a cell phone , and its slim design means there is less bulk . Less bulk makes it more comfortable to hold in your hands , or even your back pocket . The display window is large and lights up with a blue glow , as well as the keypad . This modern design is very attractive -- but we wondered if this phone had brains to go with these good looks.The VTech 6042 feature speakerphones in each handset . Holding the handset between the shoulder and ear was not easy nor as comfortable as a bulkier cordless phone , but since each handset comes with a speakerphone , We were able to put the phone down and go `` hands free '' whenever necessary . We noticed right away that these handsets do not stand upright like other cordless phone handsets . This might be a feature that you require in a cordless phone . Cordless phones that stand upright are more visible and can be placed on smaller surfaces . But the fact that this phone does n't stand upright turned out not to be much of an issue for us.Programming the phone was really quite easy -- we were able to program phone numbers into a handset without looking at the instruction booklet . And each handset can be programmed to display whose handset belongs to whom . This is good to have when you are living with other family members -- you each can program your own phone directory into your own handset , and you 'll always know whose handset is whose . Speaking of the phone directory ... each handset needs to be programed individually . If you have a large list , this might take some time to do . But it 's really easy enough , so again , there was n't much of an issue . A good thing about the second handset is , that it does not require a phone jack . Just plug the smaller charging unit in and you 're good to go . Another handy feature is that each handset has an intercom button . No more shouting between rooms -- just push a button and you can reach someone in another part of the house ... or even outside . How convenient is that ? Very , very useful feature :-RRB- . For the most important test of clarity -- this phone passes with flying colors . We 've used other cordless phones that were always interrupted by static or other electronic equipment , but this phone stayed clear on every call ... even on speakerphone . We were able to walk outside while talking on a handset , and the sound was still was very clear.This phone system comes as either a two-handset system with a digital answering machine -LRB- which we reviewed -RRB- , or a one-handset without any answering capabilities . The sound from the digital answering machine was very clear , and it did n't have the usual `` computerized voice '' that we 've experienced with many other answering machines.Below are just a few of the features of this phone system : * Interference free for crystal clear conversations -- wo n't interfere with wireless networks and other electronic devices . * Digital security protects you from identity theft -- your calls are digitized and encrypted , making it nearly impossible for someone to eavesdrop . * WiFi friendly -- wo n't interfere with wireless networks . * Caller ID/call waiting -LRB- if you have this service -RRB- -- stores 50 calls . * 50 name and number phonebook directory -- easily store and dial frequently called numbers . * Remote message retrieval -- call in from anywhere to get your messages . * 15 minutes of recording time . * Audible time and date stamp on recorded messages . * Backlit message counter . * Handset volume control . * Selectable ring tones . * Bilingual prompts -- choose between English or Spanish.The VTech 6042 telephone system that we reviewed included the following items : * 2 handsets , base unit and additional charging unit * AC adapters * 2 battery packs * Telephone line cord * User 's manual * Quick start guideMyParenTime.com highly recommends the VTech 6042 Two Handset Cordless Phone System with Digital Answering Device and Caller ID -- if you 're looking for a clear-sounding , nice-looking , secure cordless phone , this one 's for you . -LRB- This review was originally done 8/07 -- we have had no issues with any of the units since then . -RRB-
 I love this phone . I 'm not concerned about the shared phonebook as some other reviewers , so I will not comment on that feature . I was looking for a phone with great sound quality and a great form factor -LRB- one that felt really good in the hands from an ergonomic standpoint -RRB- , and this phone is it . The sound quality is very crisp , and this is the first cordless phone with a built-in speaker in which the speaker phone actually works and is crisp and clear . Fantastic !
 Just bought this phone and I love it ! The sound is exceptional . The phone itself is very thin -LRB- about 1/2 inch -RRB- but is quite usable . The buttons for dialing are flat - like a touchscreen almost . It 's feels modern and makes most other phones look clunky .
 This has amazing clarity and superior sound quality especially for its price ! Very sleek and modern . One of the best speaker phones I 've heard as well .
 I went looking for a replacement for a GE system I 've had for about two years . I found that with my teens growing up -LRB- sigh -RRB- the batteries are constantly in need of replacement . I 'd also been dissatisfied with interference and quality of calls and my phone going into a `` roaming '' mode where it would drop calls.Admittedly , I was taken in by the design and did some reading on the DECT 6.0 , so decided to give the vTech a whirl . I followed directions and allowed each phone to charge for 16 hours -LRB- not 10 , not 15 , but over 16 hours as stated in the manual -RRB- . Although , having used many computers , programs and cellular phones , I was able to figure out the customizations I needed . However , if you are not techie or computer savvy , the directions in the manual are simple and clear.Based on reviews above , hopefully you are doing your homework and will not buy the phone if it does n't meet your needs . But for me , a working single mom of teen girls , it works great . The quality is there -LRB- vTech 's moving up in the world ! -RRB- , the clarity , ease of use , nice large screen and lighted keypad and pretty decent ringtone choices for a home phone.My opinion ? If it meets your needs , you 'll love it !
 I 'll be brief
 Many of these phones are defective and will not hold a charge . Vtech replaced mine in two days -LRB- sent me new phones first with prepaid shipping to return the old ones . -RRB- The new phones work great.Do not return them to the store . You are going to get more from the same batch of bad phones.Every company has problems at one time or another . It is how promptly and courteously you handle the problems that really matters . I 'm happy with the phones .
 There is no interference from our wireless network . The audio quality is crystal clear . We love this phone .
 This is a great phone . I ordered it when my husband came back from Germany and it arrived with in a couple of days . It 's not bulky and looks great . The only problem is that there is not a slot for a headset . But great phone and would surely recommand it to everyone .
 I 've changed 2 Unidens in the past 4 month due to some wierd error on the answering machine which caused to entire phone to mal-function . Got this one purely based on the cool look . Hardly ever use the home phone , but when I do use it , seems to function ok . Clear sound , no static , keys respond quick.Minor complaint would be there is no battery indicator.The ring tone selection is weak.The record greeting button is far to big and easy to accidentally press.Now a days , majority of the talk is done on the cel phone , only calls I get on the home phone are advertisements or wrong #s . So , 5 star rating is for : cool lookno staticreasonable pricelonger lasting than 3 month -LRB- hopefully -RRB- Addition : After using it for a few month - the batteries are dying ... . It 'll dye out in a few hours if not on the set . Fortunately , I never answer home phone -LRB- because it 's non-stop telemarketing -RRB- , so it does n't bother me much with the short battery life . But for others , keep searching , because cordless phone batteries that lasts shorter than 8 hours = useless for most .
 Tired of your old house phones . Well now you can have these awesome phones for the right price . They handle just like a cell phone and are very high tech . Very nice looking and very convinient
 the paper arrived on time and in good condition . the paper itself is as expected , cant wait to try it out ! it may be important to know that the inner diameter of the roll is 2 inches .
 Our purchase of Quality HP paper has served us well and saved a bunch . This item works best in our wide format equipment . Other brands do n't compare . Use the best .
 I write all day at work in medical charts and this ink is still going strong . I tried the gel ink that it came with and it didnt last too long , then i tried the felt tip one and that didnt last very long either . Now my Cross Edge pen is a beast . Rollerball is the way to go for maximum ink life .
 Smooth writing ballpoint pen refill . Just make sure you order the one that fits your model pen . I went to office depot to buy one and nobody there knows anything about cross pens . Use the cross website to find your refill and then buy it on Amazon . Much cheaper and a great product .
 The paper is smoothe and works beautifully with pen or pencil . Very eraseable . The spiral binding is perfect with a strong backing . You can tear out a sheet easily at the micro perforation . I have used many of these with complete satisfaction .
 I really like these . The yellow on common legal pads bothers my eyes so I prefer white paper . The spiral bound top makes it easy to take copious notes without getting that weird seam from flipping the pages over a glue bonded top . The back is sturdy and the paper is good quality . I prefer these to any other legal pad that I 've ever used .
 I am quite satisfied with the brightness of this laser pointer . I have also owned the `` Green Laser Pointer Astronomy Grade Laser with Bonus Optical Cloth in Blue '' pointer and the beam was barely visible for sky pointing . Plus the button was hard to press . With this laser , the beam is clearly visible , even in my light-polluted city and before my eyes are adjusted to the dark . And the button feels OK.That being said , it 's not all coming up roses . The pattern heads do n't look anything like that picture . I 'm willing to bet that picture was generated by MS-Paint . I 'll try to get my own picture up , but I ca n't seem to upload anything.Anyway , I recommend this product .
 Green lasers are the way to go ! A am a chemistry professor and after being so amazed by the beauty -LRB- brightness -RRB- of this laser i looked into why this was so bright . Most laser pointers are 5 mW , so why is the green so bright compared to the red ? The answer is that your eye -LRB- and other creatures , like cats -RRB- are much more sensitive to the 532 nm wavelength -LRB- green -RRB- . The red laser pointer at 650 nm stimulates only one of your 4 vision cell types -LRB- 3 color - `` cones '' , 1 black and white - `` rod '' -RRB- in your eye . Even beyond that , this simulation of the `` red '' cone is only minor . The 532 nm wavelength -LRB- green -RRB- simulated the 2 of the 3 cone-types and the rods . The brightness is a result of our vision systems sensitivity.As far as the quality of this laser , it seems to be holding up after 2 months of vigorous use -LRB- me and the kids -RRB- .
 I 've had this pointer for months now and it works great . It 's very bright - can even be used in daylight to some extent . Green shows up so much better than red.I agree that the pattern heads are somewhat useless but I did n't buy this laser for them . If you just want a reliable laser for astronomy , general use or even just to drive your dog nuts , this is a good buy .
 It 's always nice to have a few leads in yer pencil . Most mechanical pencil companys only put one lead in the pencil for when you buy it . This was quite a bargin when you see how many your getting .
 While this paper is meant for outdoor use in inclement weather I find that printing business cards makes the cards almost indestructible . I also create and print bookmarks for the church from the same paper for the same reasons . Printing on this paper with an inkjet or laser printer also makes the printing waterproof . Great stuff !
 I used this paper to print labels for drinks and food at my wedding . After a test print on my inkjet printer , I ran water over the paper . Some extra ink was rinsed off , but the ink that had penetrated the paper did n't move . I am impressed .
 Works great with my HP inkjet . Be cautious when writing on this paper with a fine ball point pen , you can tear it . It is not tear proof paper .
 Excellent paper . Used to make maps for Canoe Orienteering . HP ink slightly smeared when wet . Epson ink did not smear , but pink came through to the other side when wet when printed on both sides . Still readable . Will purchase and use again .
 -LSB- ... -RSB- is crucial to read before making a purchase decision . I was going to purchase it for a valuable document and changed my mind after reading that it degrades when exposed to sunlight -LRB- it is plastic afterall -RRB- .
 Tried out my iGage weatherproof paper yesterday . I put the paper under the running faucet and wrote a few words with my Fisher Space pen , everything worked fine but the ink smeared a bit when rubbed . It gave the immediate area around the writing a light blue hue ; still very readable so it should do the job . The `` paper '' feels like plastic and it 's very sturdy . I guess that 's how they make it weatherproof . There was a noticeable tacky feeling to the paper after it became wet . I purchased this product to record times and scores for outdoor track and field events , we seem to get rain much of the time and it 's hard to keep out paperwork dry . This should do the job .
 We are using this for labels on our yarns . Works great . Wo n't have to redo if labels become damp .
 Thanks for a great transaction . Items just as described and shipped in a timely manner .
 We run a land surveying company on the rainy Oregon coast . This paper allow us to print maps from either inkjet or laser printers and take it into the field no matter what the conditions . No more soggy , muddy copies .
 This paper worked very well for me . I have printed maps and satellite photos of hiking trails on this paper using my inkjet printer . The images look great . Out of curiosity , I tested its weatherproof-ness by running it under the faucet . The only way I could get a little ink to run was if I heavily rubbed an area with my thumb while under running water . But even then , the image did n't smear because the loosened ink did n't re-adhere to the paper . This paper is also very strong and resists tearing . If you try to rip it like normal paper , it will only stretch a bit . Folds easily .
 I just got through testing this paper for use creating topo/hiking trail maps with a very inexpensive Canon Pixma IP 2600 inkjet printer . The cartridges used were OEM Canon PG-40 and CL-41 -LRB- not refilled -RRB- . Print results are good and durability outstanding . I did n't have ink absorption problems that were reported by another Canon user whose printer uses different Canon cartridges.After printing my first test map , I placed it under the faucet and ran water over it then rubbed it dry using a dish towel . It still looked good so I went onto an abrasion test . I scrubbed it with a wet Scotch Brite green . No problem ! At lunch time I started my counter cover test by smearing peanut butter and grape jelly over it when making a sandwich . After washing the map with my dishes in detergent , it was good as new.Evening time it became my cutting board when I cut meat and vegetables for a stir fry . Washed with the dishes again and the map looks fine . This mornings test did it in . Although I was able start the fire in my wood stove with the 81/2 by 11 map , I can no longer read it .
 I use this paper primarily to -LRB- 1 -RRB- print out trail maps for hiking trips and -LRB- 2 -RRB- make log pages for geocaches that I place . This paper has worked perfectly for both uses . It 's rugged and definitely waterproof , but still runs through my printer easily and can be written on with pen -LRB- although pencil is a little tougher -RRB- . Great stuff overall , and a great value compared to Rite in the Rain products I 've used before .
 I purchased this product due to the fact that I needed to make ` bibs ' for our athletes in our shooting program . The same type as they use in other sporting events , Tour de Tucson and such . This paper is so durable and almost impossible to tear . It ran through a standard printer and has held up great in the rain . I would use it again for anything I needed to use in the outdoors or for something that I did not want to get damage from the elements . Awesome product !
 This is very good as weatherproof paper . Just a regular ink jet printer works great on it -- no special ink needed . It can be printed on both sides . My ordered arrived very quickly and in good shape which I appreciated .
 First off my initial impression came up as two words . `` Simply Awesome ! '' After getting over my giddiness I decided to do a few print tests and from my Samsung laser printer I got excellent results . I then proceeded to boil some water to put this thing to the test and it held up beautifully . Then I did a tear resistance test and while I could n't get a tear I got some stretched weatherproof paper , no biggie as I doubt any cacher would actually try to destroy a log but if they do this stuff will hold up admirably . I even held it over an open flame and while it burns it took quite a bit longer than average paper -LRB- smells of plastic which is what I expected -RRB- . I recommend this paper for anyone needing a weatherproof and tear resistance paper .
 I purchased this paper to print star maps for our cub scout pack . I had printed a few copies on weatherproof paper that my husband bought at our local office supply store . I purchased this paper for less than 1/2 of what he paid , and the quality is just as good . I did n't test the weatherproof aspect , but durability is apparent . Great deal .
 I mapped out some geocaches -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- in the Virgin Islands and St. Maarten before our cruise.Printed it out on this water resistant paper using a Canon IP 4820 -LRB- under $ 100 printer -RRB- . It works !!!!!! It drizzled while we were caching , the ink did n't run nor did the paper react negatively to the rain all over it.Got back , wiped off the paper with a towel ... folded it , put it back in my case ; no smears ... ready to use again.The resulting print quality is very good .
 Great map printing paper . Maps print out clear and very legible , plus it 's waterproof for those rainy days on the trail .
 What more can I say ! It 's perfect for my GIS and Topo projects . Also , makes absolutely stunning photographic layouts . I do all my mapping and photo layouts for a realtor . He always gets rave reviews from the results of this paper . Get it !
 i love the open rolodex ... it 's ready to use ... easy to use ... i love that this one has color ... only one thing ... the ` separating cards ' were only alphabetical ... i had some cards left from my last rolodex which had categories such as ... family ... medical ... emergency ... etc. ... i used those instead ... i do n't know if you can buy those kind ... but they are more useful to me than ... a. . . b. . c. ... d. . . durable ... nice looking ... on time
 Remember to purchase the cards . I thought about that after I had purchased . I have already put my old cards in it and love it .
 I 've been buying these type of folder from Staples and Office Depot for awhile but the prices just continued to climb . I checked out Amazon.com and found better one for half the price . I bought several , free shipping and no sales tax ca n't beat that .
 I purchased this product and compared it with other SIP phones of similar price . -LSB- $ 70 - $ 120 -RSB- . Featuring a truly simple web-based configuration , I did n't need to read any documentation except to find the default password to get this phone up and running with my small < 50 users Asterisk -LRB- using freePBX -RRB- deployment.The audio quality is excellent , and the construction feels solid as well.If you need extensive features , you will have to spend more on a different model , but if you just need a simple 1 line IP phone on a budget this is a great fit .
 Works awesome with my gizmo5 account.The down side is that now that cisco merged the linksys support site into the cisco side of the house finding documentation , new firmware , etc is a total nightmare . Also there 's no documentation on setup in the box and cisco 's support site is horrible , so just google search for how to set it up .
 This is a pretty nice system that I am happy with . There are so many choices out there , it is hard to choose . Overall , I really like the quality of the Bell phones . The batteries do seem to last much longer than the cheap phones and they are built sturdier . As for the features ... it seems to have what everyone else is offering now-a-days -LRB- which is really a lot -RRB- so there is not much discrepancy there . I really love the Pearl color ... it is so refreshing ... in a world of black phones ! The only reason I gave it a 4 star rating instead of the 5 star rating ... is because YES it does have SPEAKERPHONE ... however the speakerphone is integrated into the base and not the actual handset . I am fine with that ... as the flipside is . . it actually has better speakerphone capabilities than if it were built into the phone ... IE
 This is my first cordless phone and I love it . My only problem is that after about 2 years of use I now have to replace the battery in the handset because it does n't seem to hold a charge - I do n't know if that is normal wear - I 've heard that rechargeable batteries lose their life after so many charges . Other than that I 'm very happy with it
 I found this on sale at a local store for $ 25 for the base and 1 phone , so I got it.Pros : It 's smaller than most other cordless phones.It has different ring tones.It 's really two phones . You can call with either the base or the phone . And there 's an intercom so they can call each other.Cons : There always seems to be at least one blinking light on it , which gets on my nerves.You ca n't switch to this phone if there 's another on the line . Like , if you call someone with the phone , you ca n't switch to the base speaker . You have to hang up and call them all over again -LRB- annoying when you have to wait for a long time or deal with a computer -RRB- .
 I bought this pen because it so reminded me of the Sheaffer Balance line of pens , but in a more contemporary design . When I received delivery I realized this pen is in a class by itself . Well balanced in the hand , the barrel is quite beautiful . There are a couple of other colors available in this design , but they are all hard to find with a gold nib , and not inexpensive . However , I 've used my as a daily writer for months on end , and it shows no signs of wear . That 's a quality pen !
 This little pen has the quality you expect from a Cross pen - excellent . Easy to grip and easy on the hand in use . The only issue I have with this little gem is the amount of ink in the refills . I strongly suggest buying plenty of refills when you buy this pen . Great pen short on ink .
 I actually picked 3 up for about $ 9 each not long ago . It 's a nice pen , small and good for your pocket . Not worth the $ 50 it typically sells for but if you can get a deal it 's worth it . The toffee color looks like a short stubby cigar , but I like that . Not sure why , but this color always is the cheapest around , so it must be that most people do not like the color . I think overall it is a cool looking pen , the style was based on old cars , chrome , leather etc. . Cross quality and for under $ 14 you will be happy .
 expensive but awesome.It survives well in the pocket of my jeans . Has not gotten seriously scratched in over four moths , even though it jingles with my keys in there , and still writes perfectly . Other pens I 've attempted to carry in my pocket have failed , but not this one.Now I almost always have a pen handy ! I can write my parking-spot number on the parking stub when I park at the airport , without needing to dig through luggage!Eliminates the need for a pocket-protector , so my nerdiness can be very effectively hidden -LRB- unless I speak ; - -RRB-
 I have owned CROSS pens for years , and was intrigued by the unique design and use of materials for this pen . The feel of leather is comfortable in your hand , and the size and thickness of the pen works well . I would n't use the pen for long handwritten letters , but when you need a small pen handy that fits in your pant or shirt pocket for jotting down quick notes , this is a great pen to own . The twisting action works smoothly and flawlessly as expected from AT CROSS products . I purchased the Toffee Colored Pen for a considerable discount from amazon.com . I do not think the $ 45 - $ 50 price tag is reasonable -LRB- thus the four stars -RRB- , so watch for discounts . All in all , the AUTOCROSS PEN is another great product from AT CROSS .
 I needed to replace my home office chairs , but it seems like every chair I test in the store feels good . How do you evaluate an all-day chair in just a few minutes ? Well , I got a new job , and my office chair was a Space Matrex . I use it 8 + hours each day , and I never feel uncomfortable . In fact , I do n't notice the chair at all - which is the point . I bought two from Amazon . They arrived earlier than the original estimate -LRB- by nearly a week ! -RRB- , were easy to assemble , and they work great for my wife and me.This chair is simpler than some of the Aeron copies . The chair has adjustments for raising and lowering -LRB- they do n't lower quite as much as my wife would like - she has her desk at 25 inches . She ca n't cross her legs under the desk at the lowest seat height -RRB- , tilt , and arm rests that raise or lower . The arm rests are contoured and covered in high density foam . I find them to be comfortable.Overall , I find this to be a very good desk chair . Our office is filled with them , and they are holding up well .
 Short and sweet
 This chair is unlike many inexpensive chairs -LRB- like the one I replaced -RRB- that give a false sense of comfort . It is supportive and goes unnoticed by the end of a day . My previous chair was leaving me in great pain by day 's end . As for it being real leather ; there is far better . If it endures for years to come will be the important part .
 I 've searched and searched and have actually purchased 4 different `` Office/Task '' chairs and even a Task `` stool '' -LRB- which obviously raised high enough but lacked any adjustments and was not very comfortable -RRB- looking for something that would raise high enough for me to sit at my beautiful Bush work-center and have the desk be at my waist instead of my chest ... then I found this `` Managers '' chair ... and ... I love that I can be Captain & Commander for you GTD enthusiasts out there ... it is amazing how much it helped me to focus on my work instead of my chair ... that said . . the chair raises to 23 '' at the top of seat cushion -LRB- 20 '' at bottom of seat frame -RRB- so although only my toes touch the floor -LRB- and I can easily glide around -RRB- I usually keep my feet on the leg base ... The Seat itself is WIDE so the arms could be closer to me but ... hey ... it works ... the CASTERS are the best I 've seen -LRB- possibly geared for carpet and since they 're larger than standard I think this added to the perfect height ... previously chairs purchased ranged in price from $ 129 to $ 249 ... . hope this helps someone ...
 We purchased two of these chairs for office personnel that are in the 250lb range and it supports them very well . The bottom cushion is similar in size to a `` C '' sized Aeron chair . After using an Aeron chair for several years , mine broke at the bottom . I am going to replace it with one of these . If I get a few years I will be happy . It 's well made and worth the extra $ $ I think vs. some of the cheapies .
 Excellent office chair for my home computer usage . Comfortable ; great back and lumbar support . A very good chair for the price .
 I have an older Office Star Products chair that has lasted me at least 10 years now . I ordered this one for my brother . It required some assembly but it was easy and fast to put together . There were 3 kinds of fasteners all used the same -LRB- supplied -RRB- allen wrench . The fasteners were in a blister pack , clearly marked as to what they were for . It probably took me only 30 minutes to put together and that includes 2 trips carrying pieces upstairs to where my brothers computer is . This chair is meant to last a long time .
 My wife wanted a new chair for her office and the local office supply store suggested this chair . My wife purchased the chair from the local guy at about $ 70 more than Amazon - albeit it was assembled when she got it . We liked it so well , that we purchased one for home office . I am sitting on it as I type this .
 Had the chair for a few months and like it so far . I think for the price , it 's actually good quality . Too me the biggest plus is the all metal bottom assembly . It 's hard to find that now days , on even more expensive chairs . I 'm 6 ' 3 &#34; and thin , and tend to sink into chairs , creating a hard spot in the middle after a while . Time will tell if this chair will have the same issue . But it 's fine for now . I did n't feel like the description really explains it well , but for those wondering ... The chair does recline back . Measuring from the top , it goes back about 12 &#34; , and there 's a dial to adjust how much tension it takes to do that . The lever on the side does not go up and down , it actually goes in and out sideways ... You push it in , which locks the chair from tilting back , pull out to release it . The little mid back support tends to slide down in time , but you can lock it by screwing two screws tight . The only down side is that the leather cushion cover already seems a little baggy in the middle .
 I bought this for my father for christmas and he loves this chair ! it 's an heavy one so it do n't go anywhere even if you put your weight on front side .
 A very good quality chair with a sturdy metal base and good back support . Only time will tell if it outlasts the less expensive ones , although it certainly looks like it will . The piston , so far , has kept the height adjustment without fail , unlike the less expensive chairs that tend to `` sink '' after a while . If your looking for the next step up in a moderately priced chair this one fits the bill .
 I am 5 ' 4 '' . This chair on it 's lowest setting barely lets my feet touch the ground . On it 's highest setting . I got this , hoping it would help my carpal tunnel issues however ; it seems that it us not usable for me and I can not send it back without taking it all apart ! If you are a tall person with a tall desk this chair should be fine . It seems to be well made and comfortable . I am extremely disappointed and feel like I wasted a lot of money .7 / 17/12 UPDATE
 This item is good for the price and one of the only `` pretty '' filing cabinet options I could find online for a decent price . The instructions were easy to follow and it seems to be nice and sturdy so far . I 'm definitely happy with it !
 The seller shipped the product the same day I ordered it which was great because the description says the order takes at least 3-4 days to process . My shipment came in a week early which was pretty exciting ! All of the pieces were there and the instructions were fairly easy to follow . You will need a philip 's head screw driver and some patience to put this together . I suckered my sister into helping me and it took us about two hours to put everything together . I did n't place the `` anti-tip '' screws into the wall and so far it has n't fallen over -LRB- knock on wood -RRB- . Overall I 'm satisfied with my purchase , it looks exactly like the picture and I love that you ca n't tell its a filing cabinet . Be careful not to get the gooey stuff from the sliders onto your hands because it will leave finger/hand marks all over the wood . =-LRB- Other than that I think this is a good buy !
 Instructions are not very clear but once together , this is a solid piece that does the job in my home office . Note - this item comes with the `` made in China smell '' to it , though I did n't like that it is of course made out of the US , I could n't find another the same size and in the price range . I do n't expect this piece to last forever but it will serve it 's purpose .
 Great product . Exactly as ordered . Easy to assemble if you have put together any type of boxed furniture in the past . Looks good .
 My cabinet arrived quickly and my husband put it togeather easily . it looks great . and the quality was even better than expected . it looks like a much more expensive piece of furniture . Great value !
 was easy to put together very nice quality and she loved it been looking for one for a while and this is a good one
 Despite the royal pain it was to decipher the instructions and put these together -LRB- we ordered two -RRB- , they are well worth it . I was half expecting them to be cheap crap because the price is so good , but they look fabulous in our office and are quite solid . We are very happy with these .
 Very happy with this pruchase . Looks very nice , was easy to put together and pretty sturdy . Received fast no complaints .
 I would have liked to have known that this cabinet needed to be put together . For some reason , I thought it would arrive complete . It did take several hours to put it together , but I really like the way it looks . The drawers have ease of operation . The look of the filing cabinet resembles a piece of classy furniture , which is what I wanted . I did not want the filing cabinet to say `` office furniture . '' Fortunately , it did n't speak to me that way . Overall , I am quite pleased with this purchase . It is great quality at a reasonable price . If a female could put this together , so can you !
 Recieved this today and assembled it . Box was heavy so I was thankful that UPS delivered it right to my door & I must say , all the packing materials made it seem a daunting task to assemble . Once I unwrapped everything though , I found pieces were clearly labled , hardware packets as well . Only thing that really threw me for a loop was the sliding drawer rails . I was n't entirely sure how to get the screws through the rails & into the side pieces until I had a `` duh '' moment and realized that more pieces slide than just the main pieces . Another drawback to the rails is that they were coated in something sticky -LRB- I assume it was grease to keep them functioning smoothly -RRB- . Also , some of the smaller screws seemed too small to fill the pre-drilled holes . There are a few on the piece that would n't screw in tightly - so I just added a bit of wood glue to them . All in all , seems to be a nice cabinet & looks a lot nicer than a metal file cabinet . The drawers are not sliding in and out smoothly , but it might be something I did , or maybe they need some time to get broken in . Still very pleased with the cabinet - especially the fact that this holds letter AND legal sized files .
 Compared to similar item in IKEA , this cabinet has a much higher quality for the same price . Strongly recommend looking at their website before purchasing other brands
 low price , nice quality , looks amazing ! product was n't to hard to assemble , just watched a movie and drank a few beers and got it done myself
 As I assembled this cabinet , I found myself marvelling at how solidly constructed it was . It is heavy , which one wants with a file cabinet to avoid tipping , and the backing on the piece is a sturdy synthetic rather than a mere piece of thick cardboard -LRB- which is more typical of this sort of cheaper , assemble-yourself furniture -RRB- . It looks great and will no doubt last many years . My one small reservation about the design is the drawer bottoms
 Looks great . My husband had no trouble putting it together - 1 hour 30 minutes . Using it for all of our files .
 I read all the reviews on this file cabinet prior to purchasing and all and all I 'm still happy I bought it . You ca n't beat the quality for the price ! After -LRB- finally -RRB- getting it together , I was surprised at how heavy it was ! This is a real piece of furniture , not a particle board type thing like you get at Ikea.Anyway , speaking of Ikea , I 've put together many , many pieces from them from bed frames to six-drawer dressers and more so I 'm not an amateur when it comes to putting furniture together . Having said that , I can tell you that my particular file cabinet came with the pre-drilled holes for the drawer slides in the wrong place . I held up the drawer slide to the holes and not one of them was in the right place . I read some of the reviews that mentioned this same problem so I knew it was n't me.If you have a power drill , a straight edge and a pencil , you can drill your own holes and make it work , but it is n't the easiest way to go . I did read several reviews on the company 's website that said they had no problems at all so I 'm sure it just depends on the one you get.This is a really nice file cabinet though and now that it 's put together , I really like it !
 My husband owned an office furniture store , so I 'm familiar with pieces that need to be assembled . This cabinet was priced well and was n't difficult to assemble for me . It 's sturdy , attractive and the drawers roll very smoothly . One main reason I selected it was the top size is large enough to support my printer . It does have a small scratch on the drawer front molding , but that does n't bother me .
 I wanted to get a file cabinet that was an actual piece of furniture ... it is beautiful ... works great . Used it to prop up one side of my desk -LRB- replacing the legs -RRB- . I would recommend this piece for sure.The shipping was super fast ! Ordered it on Saturday and it was dropped off at my door late Wednesday evening.Thank you !
 I received my cabinets on time and in perfect condition . I was n't aware that I had to assemble them ... but they did come with straight-forward instructions and once assembled looked terrific . So much better than those cold looking metal filing cabinets . The price was great but shipping did hurt quite a bit .
 Hubby put it together within an hour in half . Looks gorgeous and timely delivery great . Nice finish . Wish it had a key lock , but then it would more like a file cabinet than a nice piece of furniture .
 was a little bit of a challenge to put together but after all was said and done it works great .
 I received the filing cabinet quickly for an item of its size and shipping needs . The assembly took me less then an hour , pretty great considering I 'm without any helpful expertise in furniture assembly . It looks amazing , very clean and polished . In general I 'm happy . The rails that hold the files have two different slots , for for standard and one for legal . This is a feature that I 'm quite pleased with .
 I love it ! It was fun and easy to assemble , it looks great , and does what I need it to - store files ! My office looks SOO much better now !
 Once put together , the quality is fine and they are sturdy cabinets , but the tool provided was definitely not made for a woman and did not fit the screws . The instructions , as for all products made in China , really sucked .
 The file cabinet looks great . It has an attractive look that fits in with our home office . We bought it to replace an old metal file cabinet , and it is definitely an upgrade . Drawers are a little more shallow than our old cabinet , but it still holds all of our files with room to spare.Assembly took longer than expected . Also , package is too heavy for one person to move by themself .
 I had been looking for a filing cabinet that resemebed a night stand and this is a great piece of furniture . It was a little tough for one person to put together but well worth it . It holds a ton of files and looks great in my guest room .
 Love the new cabinet ! It went together very quickly and is just what I was looking for . Very sturdy and stylish !
 I have purchased several of the kits from home decorators website , and every piece has been great . Sturdy , and a good finish that does n't easily mar. . Hardware is solid , full extension drawer pull good bearings for longevity . Will buy more .
 It is beautiful , and holds a lot . However , it was tricky to put together . I would have given it five stars if it were easier to put together .
 I put this together myself in a fairly short amount of time . It is solid and nice looking . Directions that came with it made life much easier
 Looks really nice - almost like a piece of bedroom furniture , just its wider than the description says -LRB- description says 17 in wide - its really close to 21 in wide - the drawers themselves are 17in -RRB-
 This product is fantastic ! It was n't too difficult to put together . I just followed the directions step by step . Each piece was labeled . I sat down with glass of wine and put the piece together . The filing cabinet is both fashionable and affordable . I was so excited to get rid of my old nasty metal cabinet .
 I have been looking for a reasonably priced yet good quality furniture grade filing cabinet . After seeing the picture and reading the mostly great reviews , I purchased the Oxford two drawer in black . I am pleased to say that I am totally satisfied . There are a lot of pieces to put together , but if one reads the directions and spreads out the parts first the task goes well . All the parts were there and they fit together without any alterations or grief . I would suggest studying the pictures before assembling each section , especially the drawer sliders . I applied wood glue to the dowels and mating surfaces for added strength . My cabinet is attractive , solid and the drawers slide easily and fit well .
 We bought this item along with many other items . I am short on space so I am using this for an end table -LRB- even though it is alittle high -RRB- and a file cabinet . They are beautiful and wonderfully made . They have the file cabinet from front to back and have about a 3 '' area on the side which I use to put regular files and envelopes . It was alittle more complex to put together but for quaility I think it was worth it . We have purchased furnature for almost our whole house and this is the most well built piece of all of them . We do always silicone the pieces together on all furnature we buy so we do n't have the problem some do with the items falling apart but all in all I am very happy with this item and wish I could of purchased Oxford bookcases and dressers !
 I went to Raymour and Flanigan , where I originally bought my office furniture , looking for a matching file cabinet . They had a file cabinet , but not a match and what they had was around $ 400 . So I saw this one on line . The only thing that came close to this price had been metal . Yuck . I read some descriptions about how it was difficult to put together and not that great , but then others had liked it . So I gave it a try . It was easy to put together . Like Sauder furniture . It works very well . I think it 's an incredible deal . And it looks like it belongs w / my office furniture . I 'm very pleased with the purchase .
 Piece was fairly easy to put together but a little time consuming . It appears to be sturdy and is working out well . I am happy with the purchase .
 This item looks really nice in my bedroom . I needed something to store all my filing paper work and to look good in my bedroom since it is not an office . It was a little time consuming to assemble and the one thing is that you need to pay really close attention to the diagram because there is no written instructions . Because of that I made one mistake where I had to undo some steps . I had attached the wrong panels of the board and so the rails were not matching with the holes to screw the rail system in . Also , once I finished I had to play with the drawers because some would not fit in so I had to play `` musical chairs '' until all four drawers went in .
 My daughter needed a filing cabinet and wanted a nice , furniture style wood cabinet . After a great deal of research I found this one . The price was reasonable , and it is a nice , solid cabinet . Compared to others I considered , the price and quality ca n't be beat !
 the quality is not bad , but it is not as good as i expected . in addition , it was n't wrapped carefully that my paper was bent .
 I received my linksys wip300 2 weeks ago since then , my phone is on and perfectly working.The signal is always excellent at the office , at home and sometimes in the street with open wifi connection ! I use my phone with the French ISP called Free , ca n't complain.Definitely worth the $ .
 It works very well . It 's simple and easy to setup . But I ca n't call other contacts by name -LRB- type and store in memory characters -RRB- .
 The config was smooth . The Web GUI is easy to navigate . Sound quality is great . You can hear the voice easily overtop of loud background noises -LRB- ie - hydrualic machines -RRB- . Should plan on setting up Qos on wireless .
 I just received this item in the mail . It is grey-green in color and is quite attractive . The nib is a medium . I prefer the fine nibs but I thought I 'd give the medium a try . I put an ink cartridge in it and gave it a try . It writes very smoothly an is slightly wet . Overall , I am satisfied with this purchase and it was a bargain !
 I 've owned several multi handset systems over the last 4 years beginning with the product the started it all off , the Siemens 2420 . Do n't even get me started on how bad the Siemens cordless handset reception is . Everyone who uses one knows they are pathetic . Other than the poor reception , the Siemens 2420 and 8825 still have the best menu system and setup of any multi handset system , Panasonic 6500/6502 included!Just so everyone understands , Panasonic , Uniden and most companies -LRB- I believe Vtech/AT & T ; included -RRB- use the same chipsets from www.dspg.com . This is why the ergonomics of most of these systems are the same or similar . I 'll list the advantages and disadvantages I see in the DSP Group implemenation as compared to Siemens way of doing things ... Advantages : - Excellent handset reception -LRB- even the 2.4 Ghz models are OK and do not experience much interference -RRB- 5.8 is very clear with no interference in my home.-handset range is actually better than I suspected at 5.8 Ghz -LRB- remember the higher the frequency the shorter the wavelengthand generally the shorter the range -RRB- . - Room/baby monitorDisadvantages : - no handset naming-handsets show missed call even if the call is answered by another handset.-no password lockout for settings -LRB- such as answering machine PIN -RRB- . Ca n't lockout the kids from being nosey.-only supports 2 digit answering machine PIN-When remote checking answering machine it does not support reading of caller ID info for message -LRB- how many people say `` call me '' but you do n't remember their # -RRB- ? - overly complex menu to manipulate answering machine from remote phone.-does not set time by using caller ID info-4 handsets only-True Speech voice compression quality is horrible even if set to `` enhanced '' mode.So , reception alone is enough to convince me to keep this system and toss my aged Siemens . Ergo-wise , I will definitely miss my Siemens . Unfortunately Siemens Corporate tells me they will not have a new phone system until the second half of 2005 . Sorry that this review turned into a comparison to Siemens , however I feel that DSP Group , Panasonic , Uniden , etc. who support them need to get of their rocker and begin to expand the feature-set of the chipsets to support features that people can really use !!!
 I wrote this review for the Panasonic 6502B , which is the same system with 2 handsets included , whereas the 6500B comes with just one . They both take the same 650 handset to exapand the system , Here is the reivew : I 've been researching the different phones quite heavily . Some of the more profound findings were from on the floor sales staff at major office supply stores . The first store , he mentioned that the Panasonic was the best , and that Uniden , and V tech were junk . The second store I went to , he was a lot more specific , and really knew his stuff . He said that Unidens were the best voice and transmission quality , but did n't hold up . He also said the V techs were junk . His comment about the Panasonics was , I am not going to lie to you , they last forever , and have excellent overall quality , but you are going to pay more for that . He was emphatic about explaining that , his comment was intended for the full size Panasonic 5.8 s , not the new little tiny 5.8 Panasonics , that are having problems , more like the V-techs . A friend of mine has the Vtech 5.8 , and has already had to return two handsets due to malfunctions . He also mentioned that when he presses a number to dial , it does n't always register , and he has to press it again . I speak with him on the phone though , and even though he is outside his house , the quality is great.My personal comments on the Panasonic 5.8 6502B is that I love the whole system . The quality is great . I get absolutely no static , or noise , even when my head is practically inside the microwave . -LRB- Which is the first thing I wanted to check after using my 2.4 and 900 megahertz that way and got so much noise I had to leave the room -RRB- Going outside of the stone house , I went all the way past my neighbor 's front yard , before I got noise , and that is about 100 feet . I can go anywhere in the house , which is a 60 foot house , meaning that 40 feet is the max distance from the base unit , and everything is crystal clear , no matter what floor I am on . I have the base unit sitting on top of a major subwoofer.I am a Panasonic fan , because I have a 900Mghz dual line , and a 2.4 Ghz single line cordless , both of them Panasonics , and I have owned them for 10 years or more , and they both work perfectly . I had to buy replacement batteries for the older 900 , which is the one that is over 10 years old . I bought replacements-aftermarket from eBay and they work great . My 2.4 is still running off of the original batteries . Not a glitch with either of those phones . That is reliability.Now I want to talk about headsets . The dream from way back was to be able to walk around cordless , and better yet , hands free . I can go out in the garage , out in the yard , -LRB- go to the bathroom -RRB- get something to drink , or whatever I want , without being tied to the cord , and just as important , not having to bend my neck to hold the phone up , or use up a hand . Total freedom is great . The problem is that my headsets for the 900 or 2.4 do n't work properly with the 5.8 Ghz . I tried the Plantronics 25 or 29-dollar model , and it was so quiet , when I left a message on the answering machine , it would hang up . I tried my old headset , and it did the same thing . So their is something about 5.8 systems that require more volume . The reviews on the Panasonic headsets were many , but not many on the 5.8 volume problem . Those that were happy did n't report what they were using them on.Once again , my Staples expert , the rare sales person who really knows what they are talking about , pointed me away from Plantronics , and aimed me directly at the AT&T ; Executive headset model number EHS30 for only $ 19.95 . He said they were loud , and when hearing , you have to turn down the volume . The Plantronics he stated were for business use , when you do n't want the caller hearing ten other conversations going on in the background . On the AT&T ; headset pack , they say , '' Designed for the HOME office professional '' Anyhow , I took it home , plugged it in , and it WORKS GREAT FOR THE 5.8 . I sent a message to another answering machine in the house and the volume was greater than when using the regular phone , and without any distortion . It had great sound quality , and plenty of it . The AT&T ; has enough boom length , to get in front of your mouth . On the Plantronics , in frustration , I took the headset off , and spoke directly into the mic , but although I got more volume , there was distortion.This paragraph is an edit to my original review . I have since received the Panasonic KX-TCA60 headset that everyone raves about , but others commented that they do not work with the 5.8 s. Well they do . It does say on the cardboard plackett that the headset comes on , that they were meant for 900Mghz , and 2.4 s but leaves out the 5.8 s . BUT the owners manual for the 6502 says that headset works fine , and it does . The boom mic is crystal clear , just like the AT&T ; , and the volume on the ear piece is just the right volume . The AT&T ; goes above the normal volume , but gives you an adjustable volume knob to tweak it just right . The Panasonic TCA60 does not have a volume knob but is set at just the right volume already . The speaker on the AT&T ; is the same outside diameter cushion , but the actual speaker opening is twice the size of the Panasonic . That may help in part as to why the volume on the AT&T ; is greater . If you were in a really loud room , the AT&T ; has a higher volume adjustability . Both were perfect quality , sound and plenty of it . You ca n't go wrong with either one . The AT&T ; is twice the price of the Panasonic but is built a little more substantially . Hey get both , you have a lot of stations with the 6502 . One last comment is on looks . The picture of the individual handsets , the Panasonic 650 is more like the real look of the phone . If you look at the 6502B picture , it looks like pure black , which it is not . I prefer the pearl black metallic/off charcoal gray look , which it shows you in the 650 handset only picture here at Amazon , which is what it all is and has a black back . Also the LCD color they show in that picture is not accurate ; it is more like a goldish yellow instead.Overall , I find the 6502B or 6500 with a single handset , which are full size Panasonics , to be the best looking , most functional , and most reliable units out there . I have absolutely no complaints at all . Pertaining to the comments about the calls missed showing up on all of the handsets ; when you have multiple people using the same system , everyone has a chance to review all of the incoming calls , and with the caller ID , they show up with the sending phone number and time of the call . If someone else like a brother or sister , erased your message at the base , or from their handset , you know what calls came in , and who to holler at : - -RRB- Get the Panasonic 6502B or 6500 , and get the AT&T ; headset EH530 , which also works in your cell phone with the same 2.5 mm plug . Buy it , you wo n't be sorry . I seriously feel a pang of love when I walk past the handset stations , especially , when I consider all of the old problems this new system solves.Oh , one more thing , I have the primary line set up on my Lingo line , that I learned about here at Amazon . It 's the new VOIP and costs me only $ 19.95 a month for unlimited long distance all over the US , Canada , and 17 countries in Western Europe . The included premium call services including Caller ID all work beautifully with the Panasonic system . I guess you could say , `` I 'm phone happy '' Hope this helps .
 The 6500B was the last one I tried of three . I 've had cordless Panasonic phones break too often in the past so was reluctant to buy one again . But the other choices had major drawbacks . I really needed a two-line phone that was n't 2.4 Ghz.The first I tried was the Uniden TRU8866 . It had a bad echo on the extra handset and other people complained about that too . This phone uses phone company voice mail -LRB- no built-in ans mach -RRB- - which is fine - but I had the VM system go bonkers so lost all trust in it . For over a week messages accumulated but we got no stutter-tone so did n't know there were any new messages - arrgghh . Not the phones fault I know but it required VM for messaging so nope.Next I tried the new Motorola MD7081 . I really wanted to like this phone . It 's a 2-line 5.8 Ghz ans machine like the Panasonic 6500B . I liked it 's simplicity and easy switching between line 1 and 2 . Had battery backup for use during power outages and the best voice quality of the three . But , it 's answering system has no message counter . That alone is no big deal but it did n't have any indicator to say whether you had any saved messages . When a new message arrived it blinked and such - all good . But , if I got home , say , and listened to a message for my wife , the blinking stopped and no indication of `` 1 saved message '' or anything . So , I would have to write a note to her to check the messages . We 're so used to relying on seeing a message counter and just listening to them if it 's not zero that we thought this would become a nuisance . I also would have liked an auto-line-selection so it would automatically answer the ringing line or select a non-busy outgoing line . But , that would have messed up their simpler style button function - hmmm.The Panasonic , I am surprised to say , ended up being my favorite . Hopefully it will be reliable . I was always bothered by Panasonic 's phones losing the date/time with any little power outage . Happily , this phone sets its date/time from caller-id info even though the manual implies it would n't work quite that way . With the right settings and phone company options -LRB- busy-forward -RRB- , it elegantly supports two lines as if they are one . I really like not thinking about which line is what - just pick up and talk.The 6500B has good voice quality and reasonable range . It 's much lighter than earlier caller-id handsets which I like . I also like their shape of handset the best . My gripes are the limit of 4 handsets - I would like 6 or 7 . Also , ca n't name the handsets so with intercom you have to remember each number .
 I have a VOIP line and a backup landline ; I had been through the nightmare of having two separate phones , and of always having the wrong one to hand , so I decided I was set on having a two-line phone . The traditional landline was to be bare-bones , so the phone system needed to have an integrated answering machine -LRB- I 've since turned off the voice mail on my VOIP line as well -RRB- . And it needed to be 5.8 GHz so it would n't interfere with the Wi-Fi reception -LRB- or vice-versa -RRB- . Turns out that those requirements narrowed things down quite a bit -- all the way , in fact . And the phone is not cheap . Still , it was the only one that did everything I wanted , so I sprung for it . I 've had no complaints , or at least no serious ones . The menu interface could be better , but I 've never met a cordless phone that got this right . The sound quality has been flawless , the two-line implementation is terrific and the blinking antenna is nice when you 're searching for the phone in a dark -LRB- or cluttered -RRB- room.I think the handsets could look more attractive ; there 's something clunky and last-decade about the styling . But functionally , this phone has been everything I hoped for .
 No interference at all with my wireless router , which was my greatest concern . Moreover , the sound quality is great!I expected a somewhat greater range than I got -LRB- thus the 4 instead of the 5 stars -RRB- , but it 's not bad considering I live in a three story apartment with 100 % concrete & brick walls -LRB- no dry-wall -RRB- . The blinking antenna-tip instead of the annoying ringing is a big plus as well , and it 's on-screen menu is very user-friendly . Bottom line ... great buy , and great value for the money .
 My first 2-Line wired/wireless phone system was the Siemen 's 2420 . It was sleek , elegant and the interface was clean and intuitive . Although I was happy , the sound quality was always bad . People said I sounded like I was in a barrel when speaking on the cordless units . The electronics were terrible and it literally began to disintegrate , piece by piece , beginning with the readouts.I then purchased the AT&T ; E2562 2.4 GHz DSS 2-Line Expandable Cordless Phone with Answering System and Corded Base . I 'm old enough to still have blind faith in the ` AT&T ; ' name . The phone system was ugly . The interface was non-intuitive and frustrating . The sound quality was mediocre . The answering system periodically garbled messages and cut people off . It was terrible and I was unhappy.My current phone system is the Panasonic KX-TG6500 . It is not elegant , but the design is fun in a ` high-tech ' way . The desired features are there and logically accessible . It has a solid feel . The sound quality is excellent . It is a good phone system and I am happy again .
 An incredible little phone system . We purchased a full compliment with 3 additional handsets a few months ago . So far it 's been great . The default ring tone is nice but the other options are pretty annoying . The screen is easy to read and the menu system is very easy to navigate . The speakerphone is surprisingly clear . There has been no interference and our wireless computer network hub is only 10 ' away from the base . The Voice Enhance feature is pretty much worthless . It makes everyone sound like a Decepticon . The signal wo n't make it through our building 's firewall about 200 ' away but I have yet to find a phone that will.One point on caller ID
 I purchased this phone with three additional handsets and I am extremely happy with it . The quality is excellent , compared to 2.4 GHz phones , and it does not interfere with my wireless computer network . The range is excellent . All features are easy to use , clearly explained , and function perfectly . The phone has a great feel to it , and I am extremely satisfied with my purchase .
 I use the handset with a headset and although I 'm hard of hearing , the sound volume and quality is fantastic ! The 2-line answering system allows me to keep my personal and business calls separate . Love the phone
 Surprisingly , `` it works '' is fairly high praise in the world of modern cordless phones . At least , that seems to be the case based on my own experience . Nevertheless , this phone does work , and it works fairly well . As another reviewer mentioned , there really are n't very many options in the market for 2-line 5.8 GHz phones . Even fewer if you want an integrated answering system -LRB- the Uniden TRU8866 mentioned in the other review does n't have one -RRB- . Those were exactly the features I was looking for . So , despite the somewhat mixed reviews on this product , I took the plunge and bought it.I have n't experienced any problems with audio quality , as some other reviewers have . Maybe my standards are just lower , but it sounds good to me . I do agree that the interface is a little clunky , especially for operating the features on the base unit . More than once now I 've accidentally disabled answering on line 1 -LRB- which I do want answering on -RRB- or enabled it on line 2 -LRB- which I do n't want answering on -RRB- . It would be a lot nicer if they just had completely distinct on/off buttons and status indicators for the separate lines.But honestly , I 've experienced so many truly horrible cordless phones that I 'm actually pretty happy with this one . It may be a sad state of affairs , but we take what we can get ...
 I have struggled over the years to find a cordless phone system that actually worked well . After buying several individual 2 line phones , and not liking the results of a bunch of individual phones not `` playing nice '' together , I tried the earlier version of this system from Panasonic and had trouble with it too . One last attempt was when I bought this system from Amazon.com a few months ago . This has been the best phone system ever . The features are great and easy to use . You can transfer calls , add privacy or conference call , change ring tones , easy phone book , caller ID , and best of all , the range is great . The only complaint I have is that you can only use 4 handsets on this system . I would love to have the same system with capacity for 6 or even 8 handsets . This is a great system and I finally cut the cord and threw out my hard wired phones .
 As usual , the Panasonic phone is a superb product : well designed , excellent feastures , solid quality , crystal clear sound and long battery life . This is the second Panasonic 2-line phone we have owned and have no complaints.The answering machine works well on both lines and all set-up requirments were easy and clear.All product 's should be designed , manufactured and operate to this product 's standard .
 Like most everything about the phone except for theremote access and reviewing calls on answering machine.Remote access not enough options , if I review a new message then want to hear it again , I have to listen to all saved messages before I can listen to the message again.Reviewing messages is easy until you start deleting messages , if you push the erace button to quicklythe next new message will be erased ... . Once erased , it is GONE , no second chances here
 I bought this phone in 2004 in NY and thought it was over priced , but I wanted a cordless that I did n't have to pull an antenna up on ;D , and that had a good solid feel to it . The handset is something you do n't want to have experiment with on the fly if you 're on a call because you will fumble the options . Once you know where they are and what they do and you 've cut off a few calls , you get it . I 've moved to AZ and find that in one corner of the house it sounds like I 'm speaking through a tunnel when on the phone . Other than that , I find the sound quality to be excellent.This phone is being used in a home office . It will handle conference calls and transfers from the base . It does take more room than the newer phones do on your desk , and the handset is larger . The display window lights up for easy reading , and the fonts are a good size . As another customer mentioned , you do n't get the CID feature on the base . I 've had this phone for almost 6 years and have never had a problem with it . It 's only now that I 'll need to replace the battery b/c it 's just starting to give me trouble , not fully charging.This is not an attractive phone , but it is a good , solid , reliable one .
 Usually , I just write ` warning ' reviews , but , since we have had this phone for over two years without one iota of trouble - here goes something different . Oh , and add to that , we bought it and two extra handsets , refurbished , for $ 195 total - it has been one great investment.We use one line for a land line -LRB- that we maintain for infrequent calls , conferencing , faxing and TiVo 's automatic daily calls -RRB- and the second line to hook up a Dock-N-Talk so that our cell phones automatically sync up and can make use of all the handsets for incoming and outgoing cell phone calls -LRB- the phone makes use of the cell provider 's caller ID and displays and remembers the incoming cell numbers -RRB- . Yes , the menu is a bit of a pain , but we have totally gotten used to it . Yes , the ` missed calls ' notification on the unused handsets is dumb . Yes , having individual phone books on each handset without a ` copy ' feature is a time waster . BTW , someone said something about not having battery back-up , and while that is true , it does have flash memory and no messages are lost when there is a power failure.With all that said ; we find the sound quality to be quite good and so do those we speak with -LRB- no interference of any kind , even in our heavily laden electronics playground -RRB- ; the range is great , we can go all over the backyard and garage , in the car -LRB- I was working with a Sirius rep on my car 's reception -RRB- with no loss of signal . Like I said , two years later and it is still going strong ... . and , the letters and numbers do not even wear off !
 My small , growing business loves this phone . The ability to page , and talk to each other anywhere in the building makes life easier . Clear reception throughout parking lot , and out to first intersection .
 I was afraid I could face problems with its funcionallity in Brazil , but it 's working very well .
 Great phone , has all the features that a business would be looking for.Voice quality is good .
 I have been using this calendar refill for several years now and like that it has an entire page each day to write in however I need while seeing the dates of current , previous , and next month . The package also comes with plenty of useful pages , such as the pages that I can glance several years at once .
 This calculator is easy to use and had good button feel . It does fraction calculations -LRB- a great function for students under 5th grader who are just learning about fractions but do n't know about decimals -RRB- . It reduces fractions and also does division with remainders . My daughter uses it to check her math . It is a great little calculator . Also comes with a hard case - good for carrying in the backpack .
 We attached a Mimio Digital Whiteboard to Sorenson 's EnVision desktop video conferencing product . The whiteboard played flawlessly with Sorenson 's electronic whiteboard application which is based upon NetMeeting . With a PC , Sorenson EnVision and Mimio , you have a powerful remote teaching and collaboration platform!This is a great product for the price !
 The Mimio whiteboard scanner was very easy to setup and get running . I was really surprised with how easy it was to use . When you get the product be sure to go check out the Mimio web site for software updates . The only problem I have is that you have to write kind-of big to make it legiable on the computer screen and some times if you not writing hard enough it does n't pick up . But overall this is a very good product .
 While I have a CardScan Executive , I find I just can not part with my collection of business cards . I had tired of my rubber banded bundles and was looking for a cleaner better way to maintain my library of business cards . This product is just the thing . The only downfall is that the top barely rests on the rail and is not permanently affixed . This can be a nuisance if you will be moving the box often . If it will remain on your desk etc. it should work fine .
 I have used this calculator or a close variant for years -LRB- 2 -RRB- . I can do anything a scientific calculator can do . I always take it with me to Algebra 2 ... I strongly recomend this calculator to students in grades 7-12 . Read the manual , for it will help you use this calculator to its fullest . BTW , the `` CALC '' button is my favorite .
 No problems with the order and received it very fast .
 Its cul ... nice . . handsome . . metalic ... never seen a cac like tat . . I LOVE IT > . ma friends said cul ... to everyone . . did ... works well / / nice design andf interface and everythin ... i like it soomuch ... GOOD !! ONLy thing i hate is tat its too good !! LOL !
 The Fx 115 MS is the most powerful non-graphing calculator I have used . It is ideal for non Math students who are required to take an intermediate college algebra class . Unfortunately the single sheet of instructions are insufficient for the type of student that would benefit the most from it . I have put up a web site for my intermediate algebra students that tries to explain to them how to take advantage of its many features
 I have been a faithful user of the HP 48G since 1995 . However I needed a calculator that is permitted on the EIT exam . Since I am comfortable with Reverse Polish Notation entry format , my first inclination was to look for a HP product that is approved for the exam . However after reading the reviews on-line and seeing the price of the HP33S , I decided to look for an alternative . The TI 30XIIs and the Casio fx-115MS were viable options at a better price . I bought both of the TI and the Casio for comparison.Both calculators are about the same size , approximately 6 '' -LRB- T -RRB- X 3 '' -LRB- W -RRB- x1/2 '' -LRB- D -RRB- . The feel of the buttons/keys on the TI was a bit dull when pressed . The Casio keys had slightly more engaged-feel when depressed . The engaged-button feel helps when I am keying numbers without looking at the screen to know whether the calculator took the string of digits and operators correctly . The color scheme employed for button labeling on the TI does not make the `` 2nd '' functions stand out . This is made worse by the shadow cast by the tall buttons , which make the lettering for the `` 2nd '' functions harder to read . The Casio uses fairly distinctive colors for lettering and function schemes . This makes it easier and faster to find the correct key.I find that for engineering problems , Casio had more built in buttons . Thus I do n't have to always use `` shift '' or `` 2nd '' functions . I also liked the layout of the buttons on the Casio . I feel it is a bit easier to find the right keys , due to more logical key placement for certain functions . On the TI , I have to spend more time hunting down the button.A few reviewers have noted that the Casio manual that comes with calculator to be mediocre . That is also my perception after reading through the manual . The TI came with a manual and a practice guide . The TI manual is more thorough and sequential in presenting the information . The TI practice guide presents some simple problems and show the keys that need to be pressed . This helps get the user to become familiar with the key layout and input sequence.To overcome the mediocre Casio manual , I searched on the internet and found a tutorial on how to use the fx-115ms written by a math instructor for his or her students . The tutorial is fairly detailed and easy to follow.Overall , both the TI 30XIIs and the Casio fx-115MS are very capable calculators . However I found the Casio to be more suitable for my needs . I would give this Casio product somewhere between 4.5 to 5 stars .
 This powerful non-graphing calculator has over 300 functions , a two line display , and you pretty much enter algebraic expressions as they 're written -LRB- just be careful to use parenthesis and order of operations -RRB- . An overlooked feature is its dual power mode . If there 's enough room light it runs off solar power , preserving batteries . No worries of the juice going during your final . -LRB- I 'll take this feature this over extraneous , additional , functions of that new Sharp calculator . -RRB- This calc has MORE than enough in terms of functions , power , and various equasion , complex number , and statistical modes . In terms of pure number crunching power , this calculator blows everything else away in its price range , except perhaps the latest Sharp . A co-worker who has a Master 's in math took a look at this and told me it 's all the calculator you need , all the way up through graduate school.Just note that this is NOT a symbolic algebra calculator - that is , it will attempt to solve for -LRB- multiple -RRB- variables , as in X = 2.453 . However it wo n't expand , group , or simplify algebraic expressions . Do n't expect to enter -LRB- a + b -RRB- ^ 2 and get a ^ 2 +2 AB + b ^ 2 back , or vice versa . For that , you 'll need the much pricier TI-89 or TI-92 Plus , which has a symbolic algebra mode.However , if you want the most bang for your buck , go with this over the lower-end TI 's -LRB- imo -RRB- and others . Much more power for the same money , and this is very nicely designed.Documentation is spartan but it 'll get you there . Just have a magnifying glass handy or download the PDF file from Casio 's site . The upside of having a small fold-out user guide is that you can always have it near your calculator . I keep mine rubberbanded to the calculator 's case , so it goes where my calculator goes . -LRB- Having a 260 page book would negate the calculator 's portability , would n't it ? -RRB- Some nice math instructor of few reviews down put together a great supplemental document for this calculator with some good examples . Highly recommended if you buy this calculator -LRB- and thank you -RRB- . Excellent product . Subtract a point for not having a more detailed downloadable user 's guide with more examples on Casio 's website . I can see not wanting to drive up the price by including a paperback book , but c'mon , Casio . It 's 2006 ! We have the Internets and pdfs now !
 This thing is a fully functional engineering grade calculator . I purchased this calculator a year ago for taking the Professional Engineering exam -LRB- The TI-89 was banned last year -RRB- and I figured that I better get use to using it if I were to use it on the test . It was simple to use . It was quick , it was powerful . The linear equation solver was faster to use than the one of the 89 which really impressed me -LRB- great for solving electrical circuits -RRB- . Overall , I highly recommend this calculator.It has now become my primary calculator at work .
 This was one of the few calculators on the list for the PE exam . It was also the cheapest -LRB- I think -RRB- . I bought it , and started practicing with it at work so I 'd be comfortable with it at the exam . It turns out that I love the data entry format . I used HP 's RPN for a LONG time and thought it would be difficult to switch , but this makes even more sense because you enter the problem EXACTLY how you would write it on the paper -LRB- i.e. square root sign comes BEFORE the number -RRB- ! I do n't even use my trusty old HP now unless I accidentally leave this one at home . I am even thinking about getting a 2nd one so I can have 1 at work and 1 at home to study with -LRB- and I 've heard that sometimes calculators walk away during lunch hour at PE exams , so it might be good to have a 2nd hiding in my bag -RRB- . The only flaws I 've found so far are the instruction manual , quick auto power-off and the plastic cover . The manual does not go into enough detail but there are several references available online so , not a huge deal for me . When I get close to the exam , I 'll probably print out my favorite and take it with me . The quick power-off -LRB- after about 6 minutes -RRB- can be frustrating , but I have n't really had a huge problem with it.The plastic cover is annoying because it snaps on and off instead of slides . I do n't know why this bothers me , it just does . Also , it would have been nice if the cover was flat . Instead , it is slightly rounded with `` feet '' to stabilize it . The feet work great as long as the entire calculator is sitting on a flat surface but if one corner is off , the whole calculator rocks back and forth every time you hit a button . Also , with the cover snapped onto the back , it is kind of uncomfortable to hold in one hand and enter data . With the cover off it is better , but I 'm worried I 'll loose the cover.I am definately happy that I purchased this calculator instead of the more expensive HP that was on the PE approved list .
 I had to buy a new calculator due to recent changes in NCEES -LRB- National Council of Examiners for Engineers and Surveyors -RRB- < A HREF = `` http://www.ncees.org/exams/calculators/#policy '' > calculator policy < / A > . I chose this one since I did n't want to spend $ 50 on the HP33s and the others seemed awfully lacking in features.The Casio FX-115MS is a good little calculator for $ 15 . My only complaints deal with how it handles complex numbers : * Complex numbers are ony handled in a reduced-functionlity mode.and * Only one of the terms is visible at any one time -- in cartesian mode either the real or imaginary part is displayed . In phasor mode only the magnitude or angle is displayed.I still prefer my fifteen-year-old HP42s , but this little casio , had it been available when I was in school , would have been a fine alternative and much less expensive .
 I believe this is the best scientific calculator currently on the market . The price is reasonable , especially for those reluctant to spend ... on a graphing calculator . The keys are highly responsive and hard plastic . The layout is the best of any calculator I have ever seen . In my opinion Casio really thinks about key layout . Other calculators , such as the Sharp EL-506RB -LRB- the only other scientific calculator that comes close to this one -RRB- seem to have functions thrown across the keys wherever they will fit , without thought as to convenience or relative frequency of use . The manual is clear and concise , but the calculator is intuitive anyway . The only intructions I needed to look up were for numerical integration and entering data for statistical purposes . The only complaints I have about this calculator are lack of numerical differentiation and a constant/conversion function . If the calculator includes integration it only follows that differentiation should be included as well . Nonetheless , you can program in and save formulas for differentiation and Newton 's method to keep and reuse later . The Casio FX-991w -LRB- which is no longer sold -- Why Casio ? Why ? -RRB- includes constants and constant conversions -LRB- the manual for both the 991 and 115 is shared , or I never would have known this . -RRB- As a physics student , I sometimes find myself needing to look at tables for certain constants and conversions that I wish would be included in the calculator . In light of the non-existence of the FX-991w , I must say that is is absolutely the best possible choice for a scientific calculator .
 I bought my Casio fs-115MS Plus-SR scientific calculator for $ 15 at Staples and have been completely satisfied with it . This calculator , in addition to basic calculations , has keys for functions in algebra , geometry , trigonometry , statistics , pre-calculus , etc. . It weighs under 4 ounces with battery and cover , and the keys are big and reponsive . Most of the basic functions are intuitive , while you 'll need to study the user 's guide for the more advanced functions and modes.Specifically I like the following features : - Lots of calculator functions as I mentioned earlier . - It has a solar cell and also a button battery , so during the day it uses solar power , while at night it uses battery power . There is no backlighting , though , as this is an inexpensive model . Also , replacing the button battery -LRB- LR44 -RRB- requires unscrewing the back off . Luckily , the battery should last at least 2-3 years under moderate night-time use . - It has a two-line LCD display . The B&W ; LCD is very sharp and clear . The first line displays the formula you entered , and the second line shows the result . - Intuitive interface . The buttons are clearly marked and it does n't take any time to get started on the basic functions . Things like square root and logarithm are also easy to figure out . Casio calculators have always had consistent user interface over the different models.The one thing I wish were better is the cover , which is the detachable type . It takes a bit of effort to detach it . To Casio 's credit , the cover can be attached to both the front -LRB- for protection -RRB- and back -LRB- for storage -RRB- of the calculator.In short , the fs-115MS Plus-SR is a terrific scientific calculator for its excellent price . Its dual power source ensures usability in most situations.This Casio is `` permitted for use on SAT and PSA/NMSQT . ''
 I used this calculator for five years and never had any issues with it . I did n't use most of the more &#34; mathy &#34; functions -LRB- I used this calculator from a year before pre-algebra through algebra II , so I never had to do anything complicated -RRB- but it held up perfectly well . My brother 's now using it , also with no issues .
 Good buy for an electronics tech or engineer . It has mega , micro , milli , kilo , and other settings commonly used in electronics . I use it at work every day . I would have given it five stars but It 's a little too long .
 Works great . Even has some nice preprogrammed functions that helped answer FE test questions quicker . I still use the calculator for daily use .
 Bought it because I was tired of buying AAA batteries for my Ti 89 for basic math . Does the job , jut takeover while getting used to coming from a scientific calculator with a lot of space
 Ordered two for my son who is majoring in mechanical engineering - he 's afraid they will discontinue the model and wants a backup on hand .
 this calculator really worth it . the screen is big . the price is cheap . and most importantly , it have all function I need !
 The calc has all the functions needed for my engineering studies . In addition to the hardware features , the device looks really beautiful . Changing from rectangular to polar co-ordinate becomes easy . Permutations and Combinations etc etc are there . The integration and differential , though featured , does n't come handy . You 'll probably solve the calculus 10 times faster than with the device . Can use it for fun anyways . Good purchase .
 I received my new Calculator today . I am pleased with the Service of amazon.com they delivered on time and Packaging was outstanding . The calculator is in brand spanking New and it has every thing that I need.Thank you allBob
 This arrived on the exact date . It 's quite sufficient for calculations and solving 2nd degree equations . It , also , takes derivative and differential . It is around 20 dollar in the bookstores . I love this product , Thank you
 Casio FX-115MS Plus Scientific Calculator is my all time favorite ! It helped me get into UC Berkeley . I get pretty exited about calculators , and I do n't know many people who do . This one is the most exiting one I 've had , alongside my TI-89 Titanium graphing calculator . This one lasted me through high school and two years of college until I lost it . First I had the Casio FX-300MS Plus - which I loved , but when I lost that one I got this one . It 's under $ 20 , and has everything you may hope for . I used it for AP Physics C -LRB- E&M ; , Mech -RRB- , Honors pre-calc , calc AB , BC , and Multivariable . This calculator is allowed on the AP 's and SAT 's -LRB- I and II -RRB- . It even does integrals and derivatives ! What more can you want ? The TI scientific calculators are a joke . They have one-line displays and you do n't know what you 're doing , dull-looking , and unintuitive . Casio FX-115MS Plus Scientific Calculator is my all time favorite !! P.S. They 've come out with a new calculator since -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , the FX-115ES , which is same price ~ $ 16 but more advanced . I now got Casio FX-115ES Plus , which is packed with functions -LRB- over 400 of them -RRB- . I doubt if I 'll be able to utilize even 10 % of those .
 I like this product , and also good for FE exam . But I suggest you need practice & become familier with the product before taking to exam .
 Excellent product , very good price , reasonable delivery charge and fast delivery . Ease of ordering.Thank you Amazon , may you live long .
 I am in the US Navy , in the Avionics the and it is the calculator of choice for Avionics Technicians doing trig and electronics calculations . Makes the higher level problems and equations a breeze . If this calculator makes those quick and painless ; lower math will be like a warm knife through butter .
 I teach Physics , and recommend this calculator to my students over the ti30 , as it is simpler to use and has lots of neat features . I have not tried the ms version , but I have several w 's , one in each one of my desks .
 It had all the functions i needed for my accounting class . would recommend to all students in the mathematical or accounting field .
 I can use it to solve equations and do calculus problems . it is nice . Compared to TI 89 , this one is lighter .
 I have my Casio fx-115MS for 7 years -LRB- as of this year -RRB- . This calculator of mine have been borrowed and used by barbaric people like my classmates , roommate , and friends . It is really looks worn out -LRB- edge paint -RRB- but it never malfunction -LRB- like suddenly turn off , number scramble , etc -RRB- . I 'm writing this review to let you know that buying this calculator is worth the price . I 'm also buying another one today as I need a spare -LRB- I sometimes forget to bring this with me and left it at home which is crucial because I might end up having an quiz or exam -RRB- .
 For a Biology major -LRB- well , any major except Math and Stat I suppose ? -RRB- , this calculator will suffice for everything . I thought that I would need to use the integral/derivatives buttons , but I mostly use the trig functions , the equation solver , and sometimes the Choose button for probability . The calculator has survived being jostled around in my bag for 3.5 years , and has still not run out of battery .
 ordered on Sat and got it on Wed in NJ . i guess the delivery is ok cause it 's free for delivery.the product is nice and easy to use . my last casio did not work even i changed the battery , i used it for almost 10years . it 's time for me to get a new one . the new one is similar with my last one . easy to use , elegant appreance.good deal !
 This is a great product for the money . Fast and easy shipment . Would buy again from this seller
 I have always liked Casio calculators for their value , durability , and ease of use . I found very few calculators out there that will convert between Decimal and Hex , Octal , and Binary , which is essential to my job as a computer programmer . It also has trig functions that I use every day , as well as DMS conversion , radians , and fractions , just to name a few . It has far more functions than I 'll ever use.It has both battery and solar power . The screen is 2-line and easy to read . It uses the new method of input which I have yet to get used to -LRB- and I dislike tremendously , but then I 'm Old ! -RRB- , so you hit Sin 45 = , not 45 Sin . At least you can see what you entered on the top line in the event you make a mistake . It 's inexpensive and well worth the money .
 The buttons are way easier to enter than a texas instrument calculator and it 's probably only rivaled by a graphing calculator . A must buy for students in science .
 I 've been using a Casio that I bought from the 90 's . I decided to upgrade and I was nicely surprised on the features . The two line makes it easy to see if you entered a problem wrong . There are buttons with kilo and milli units so you can hit 5k to enter 5 kilos . The calculator can also integrate and do defferential calculations but it does take a minute sometimes . The only setback is that the instructions that came with the calculator are poor .
 I 've always liked Casio calculators for being cheap , extremely reliable , and durable . I got this one to replace my last FX-115 of 7 years which was accidentally doused in hydrochloric acid . This has a two line display , as well as a ton of functions -LRB- from stats to that suit the needs of the middle school student all the way to the college student . A solar panel means you will never have a `` dead calculator '' for homework or an exam , but the battery lasts for at least two years anyway .
 Everyone gets jealous when they see my FX-115MS with S-VPAM . Even the TI-89 jockeys get red in the face . This little math machine can do anything except graph with the same computational power as some of the big-boys at 1/10th the cost . Best calculator I 've owned , hands down . Blows anything in the same price range by TI , Sharp , or any others right out of the water . I 'm always finding new helpful functions as I take higher level math courses , it has n't left me stranded ever.Good for chemistry , AP chemistry , geometry , precalc , calc , physics ... I 've had this little computer since freshman year of high school ... Now I 'm a freshman in college . I do n't see anything else replacing it , except maybe the newest in the FX - * MS line , even in graduate school .
 It got me through high school/college -LRB- UMICH -RRB- Pre-Calculus and Calculus . Always had it on hand next to my extremely bulky TI-84 -LRB- Plus -RRB- which I only used for graphing.It is very slim and comfortable to use . Plus , it has a solar power `` thingy '' just in case.I really love this calculator and did not expect anything less than this from CASIO.Now lets see if it will get me through CALC II .
 It 's great for chem , and math . Great two line scroll display . Functions are easy to read .
 I have used many calculators through my years but this is the best simple , multi-function calculator . It can do basic functions with scientific mode and insert variables into equations . It has many features including a great 2 line display so that you can review the equation you typed in and look at the answer all at one time . It includes exponets , and the variable exponet key , spuare roots and cube roots , fractions sin , cos , and tan functions with memory and paranthesis among the basic calculator functions . I prefer the Casio to the Texas Instruments because this calculator is much easier to understand in button layout . I do not recommend this if your child is about to go to high school because when you go into high school , you will be required to buy a graphing calculator for geometry and such . Schools often require the Texas Instruments ModelTI-83 which is very pricy and has so many functions that its mind-boggling . If you need an ideal calculator for algebra or pre algebra , this is the calculator for you .
 I bought the HP 33S last year for the sole purpose of taking the PE . I have been using HP calculators and the RPN logic for more than 20 years and felt very compfortable with it ; however , the 33S was a dissapointment to me , for one reason , good luck trying to see the decimal point , so 33.457 looks like 33457 , that one little thing turned me off from using the 33S , so I went and purchased the casio fx-115MS , what a calculator !!! So many functions , and ease of use , the two lines are a beauty , and the numbers are huge , and do n't forget the decimal point , I can really see it . I think I 'll buy another one as back up . Now , if only the Casio can take the PE test for me !
 I 'm amazed by the features in a $ 15 calculator . Basically all casual lab calculations I need are handled by this one . Of course it has all of the standard scientific/trig functions , plus a stats mode for mean , std dev , linear regression , etc. . What makes it really great is the simultaneous equation solver for 2 or 3 variable linear equations , the quadratic solver , and the cubic -LRB- ! -RRB- solver . Yes , you can solve these analytically pretty easily , but after awhile it gets tedious and you just want the answer.It also lets you enter an equation and solve for any variable without isolating the one you want first , though this is a bit less successful . The numerical integration feature is nice , though the algorithms for these last two are n't as robust as those of the old hp series -LRB- eg math error on I -LRB- 0,1 -RRB- -LSB- sinx/x -RRB- dx -RSB- -RRB- . Also does numerical derivatives , fractions and complex numbers , though I have no need for these . The manual is pretty skimpy , but you ca n't expect much at this price . It 's very easy to use and prompts for variables it needs.In summary , makes a great lab calculator , and any calculations it wo n't handle are probably best done on a computer anyway .
 great calculator , integrates , derives , solves , only problem is figuring out how to do this . But best calculator for the Fundamentals of Engineering Test .
 The Casio fx115 calculator comes in several ` flavors ' . The ` w ' and ` MS ' are the most commonly seen for sale . Other than cosmetic changes the MS has a ` SOLVE ' feature which is very limited in what it can solve and very slow . This calculator holds itself out as ` algebraic ' but as many calculators which say that this one has a great deal of postfix , or RPN , in it . The ` hard edges ' of RPN are smoothed out , however making this calculator quite a simple one to use given the number of its functions . The fx series in general -LSB- mine is an MS -RSB- is an excellent high school and collage calculator although it has no graphing features . The keyboard is well laid out and the keys themselves hard plastic . No . There is no way in this universe that this will replace my trusty Hewlett Packard RPN calculator -LSB- which costs two and half times more , by the way -RSB- but I carry this Casio , as well , because many are not comfortable with postfix -LSB- RPN -RSB- . It is hard , and most likely against some law , to claim one calculator is a copy of another but as I use this I ` feel ' a ` crossbreeding ' of Hewlett Packards 20s and 32Sii . Its lacking the HPs solid feeling , though . Still a dandy bit of equipment although with the poorest and most unreadable instruction sheet I have ever encountered in a calculator of this class -LSB- and I collect them -RSB- .
 This calculator was recommend for an AC Physics course I 'm taking and it is a great deal.Two things that are particularly great about this calculator are that you can enter scientific notation prefixs -LRB- p for pico , n for nano , etc. -RRB- so you do n't have to do the conversions in your head.Another highly useful aspect for electrical and engineering applications is the ease with which you can enter polar and rectangular coordinates . For most calculators I 've owned they either lacked the feature entirely -LRB- it is rare to find polar and rectangular support in calculators at this price range -RRB- or were extremely clumsy to enter and use.It also appears to do differentiation and integration -LRB- a surpise for such an inexpensive calculator -RRB- but I have n't had need for those in my current courses so ca n't say how well it does them .
 This little thing is really a gem ! I 'm shocked at how much math a $ 20 calculator can do . Really helped me get through the FE as this thing solves quadratic & cubic equations , and even does numeric integration and differentiation ! A very well designed tool .
 I bought this calculator specifically for the FE exam and did n't have a problem using it . It 's a little different than the TI that I 'm used to , so I had to accustom myself to it . At any rate , it did the calculations necessary to complete the FE .
 I 've been teaching engineering courses -LRB- thermodynamics , engineering economics , fluid mechanics , etc. -RRB- at the Bachelor of Science level for about 20 years , and this has been my calculator of choice for the last 15 years . It has all the math functions I need , and an easily readable display , which is essential when working through problems in front of a class . If the fx-115ES display was like the `` 115MS '' display I 'd probably use it , since it is a bit more capable in handling simple calculus functions.The fx-115MS never needs batteries , and is acceptable for taking the FE and PE professional exams . Why not become proficient in using a calculator like this before taking one of these exams?Graphing calculators - loved by Math Departments - are `` overkill '' , and exhaust batteries in no-time . No '' . . my batteries died . . '' excuses in an exam with the fx-115MS . If you have a large problem , get on your PC and run Excel , MATLAB , or MathCAD to solve it . Otherwise , the fx-115MS should work just fine .
 Iv been using this calculator for over a decade now . I think I bought it in 2001 or around there . It is very simple to use , has many different functions , has a 2 line display and the best part is that it is solar powered . Even if there is no light , you can still use it because the internal battery holds a charge . I have 3 calculators at home , this Casio , a TI BAII Plus financial calculator and a TI 84 . Most of the time I chose to use the Casio . If I have to do long math calculators then I prefer using the TI 84 . I would highly recommend this calculator to anyone who has to do basic math .
 So , I got this calculator for school . I have no coplaints about the calculator . It 's fantastic , but the box was opened from the top . nothing was wrong with it , but still , I just got it so fyi .
 This is a great calculator for a computer science student . It converts between Decimal , Binary , Octal , and Hexadecimal . The screen is two lines and very easy to read . I really love it !
 I never need a fancy graphing calculator these days , since I usually have a computer available for when I need to do very complex calculations/graphing . This is a good , basic calculator that has a nice display and can handle moderately complex equations . It has both solar and battery power so you never have to worry about adequate light or batteries , and is very sturdy . The protective case -LRB- clicks onto the front or back of the calculator -RRB- is a little awkward to use but protects the calculator so you can just throw it in a backpack without worrying about crushing the keys .
 College and Financial calculations , multiple roots or Trig are here as well as a very handy Unit Converter for the metrically challenged . This box does more math than a Physics Professor .
 This calculator is great ! Easy to use and has a lot of calculus functions . I will be using this for the FE -LRB- fundamentals of engineering -RRB- exam in April 2011
 My older brother likes the larger numerical display . This model is very comparable to the FX-115ES , but from what I know has the larger numbers .
 i borrowed my friend 's caculator for several months and she just used this one.So i bought this casio caculator.It is good .
 In the non-graphing calculator market , this the best calcualtor on the market , most bank for your bucks . Accurate integration and differentation -LRB- very nice and long missing from non-graphing calculators -RRB- , base and logic functions , distribution functions , and some complex number calculations -LRB- restricted to arithmetic , squaring , cubing , and conversions -RRB- as well as solving 2nd and 3rd degree equations , a simult equations of 2/3 variables . The solar power saves you a good amount of money on batteries . Good for those who do n't like/need graphing calcualtors or a good companion to one .
 I definitely love my casio and its ability to do integrals . very good simple calculator that does my college physics and chemistry and calculus homework for me . Need i say more ?
 It 's a good calculator for engineers and scientists . The price is not too high for its functions . The two-line window is convinient , and the size of the alphanumeric characters is appropriate . Using both solar cell and dry batteris , it saves operating cost also . Touch bottons work very precisely and nicely.Overall it 's a good scientific & engineering calculator for its price . Two shortcomings may be improved hopefully . First one is its automatic shut-off function . Hope the company gets rid of this function , or increase the shut-off time to 1 hour or so . If you are idling , the calculator automatically shuts off within 6 mins . This time is way to short for many many calculations . Sometimes we have to stop and recheck the problem statement or written equations . While you are rechecking , the calucaltor shuts off , and you never be able to resuscitate the equations you typed in before shut-off . Duh . . Second , the case must be improved . This case -LRB- or plastic cover , if you will -RRB- is supposed to be put under the calculator , but the shape of the cover is round , and it wobbles when you punch the bottons .
 my uncle bought one of these for me when I was an 8th grader . At the time I just thought it was cool looking because of all the buttons . Anyways I used it all the way through high school even up to my second semester of college where it was misplaced.Of all things tech I 'd say this had to be my favorite . It 's pretty simple to use . My favorite feature is the way you can input trig functions all at once rather than having to do it one at a time compared to most other non graphing scientific calculators.the battery life on my first one had to be excellent I would think to last through high school . I certainly wont be lending this one to anyoneOverall I think it 's a great product . Slim , nice design , awesome colors , and the solar panel can double up as a handy mirror . -LRB- If you need one anyways -RRB-
 needed this for my college math class and also plan to be an engineer and this calculator is one of/if not the most advanced calcs you can have for certain engineering certification exams . has lots of nice features and build quality is good ... very happy with purchase .
 Have used Casio scientific calculators throughout my life . I 've had my 115MS for some three years now . I use it for electronics design and I 've been constantly amazed at how every special function I ever need is there . Binary/hex/decimal conversions , engineering conversions including metric prefixes -LRB- kilo , micro , nano , pico etc. which I find simply indispensable -RRB- , complex numbers , etc. . The CALC function is particularly useful when I want to see how different values will alter the answer to a formula/equation . One thing that peeves me though is that it takes three keystrokes to store a value in memory -LRB- variables -RRB- . That 's cumbersome.Overall this inexpensive calculator gets a three thumbs up from me . If Casio makes an exact model with added programmability , I think it just might be the perfect calculator for me .
 Yes , you 're going to eventually need a graphing calculator at some point in time , but compared to other scientific calculators , this calculator is virtually unparalleled . Everything 's quite easy to find on this calculator , and it can even solve moderately complex equations for you . The numbers are displayed quite clearly in a large fashion , so you wo n't have to strain your eyes to read them . As an added bonus , this calculator 's also extremely durable - mine got run over by a car once -LRB- do n't ask how , I do n't know -RRB- , and it 's still in perfect working condition . It 's cheap and it 's effective - if you 're in need of a scientific calculator , pick this up quick !
 This calculator is perfect for an electronics tech . The metric symblols -LRB- T , G , M , k , m , u , n , p , f -RRB- let you easily enter engeneering notation for quick calculations . I have not seen this feature on any other calculator , so I bought myself a backup !
 I 've been addicted to my TI-89 platinum since I got it . However , this is an excellent substitute for when I ca n't have it.All I have to say is that this is by far the best calculator for the FE exam . -LRB- Make sure yours is solar powered . -RRB-
 This product was just what i was looking for and it got here in a very timely fashion . Was a great buy recomend it to everyone
 This calculator has so many functions to use that will be useful in the FE Exam , however , it becomes really difficult to figure out how to use these functions . One thing I found is that you can not convert decimal to fraction while in engineering mode . Other than that , it is very useful .
 I think this calculator is great for both high school and college students , because it has virtually everything a student needs out of a calculator...low-cost , reliability , durability , long list of functions , standard features and more ... I think even professional engineers might appreciate this calculator ... Within it 's price range , I think it 's the best one out there .
 Love this calculator . Very inexpensive and gives you everything you need . Lacks the graphing of a graphing calculator , but who really needs that in the real world . If you are looking for a great calculator with everything , but do n't need to spend over a hundred bucks for graphing functions , get this calculator .
 It came in the condition described , came by the estimated shipping date . I would definitely buy from this company again . Very reliable .
 What can I say ? I love this calculator . Not only is it easy to use , but its the perfect size , weight , and shape to fit in your hand . The thinness is wonderful and the click on case is great for storing notecards in between it and the calculator . Its two way power which is great . Function button placement is logical . I 've been using this calculator for 3 years now through all my chemistry and physics courses and can honestly say I would never use another.PS you can definitely say that I have converted from the TIs !
 I bought this calculator from Staples for $ 14.99 on August 11 , 2001 . Then , I lost it about a week ago lol . After having it for two years , I 'm VERY pleased with it . The look of it is a lot better than the Texas Instruments and all the buttons are in the place that you would put them if you were designing it . The two-line display works great and you can recall up to 8 problems on the calculator . The only drawback is the battery dies out after awhile , but then the solar panel comes in handy . Overall , this calculator is great . Any Casio product I have liked . Since I found this on Amazon I think I 'm going to purchase another one as a replacement . I recommend it .
 I had a flat solar scientific CASIO calc . before , and wanted a new one for any kind of mathematic course . This one is a nice choice , and cheaper than other models.I just had a little confusion with the use of the memory , that do n't work like other calcs . But just read the manual to understand.Otherwise I recommend it .
 I have purchased within the last two weeks both the Casio fx-115MS and the Sharp EL-506VB calculators . If you enter -LRB- 21 -RRB- 2 in both calculators and then press the equal key , the Casio will display `` Syntax Error '' and the Sharp will display `` Error 1 . '' . Why is an error message displayed in both calculators ? Does this mean that there is the same `` bug '' in both calculators?On the other hand , if you enter 2 -LRB- 21 -RRB- in both calculators and then press the equal key , both calculators will generate 42 in their respective display areas . It must be that each calculator 's design is such that both do not recognize an `` operator '' -LRB- addition , subtraction , multiplication , or division -RRB- when a number enclosed in parentheses is immediately followed by another number.If you enter -LRB- 21 -RRB- 2 , both calculators recognize it as an error in `` syntax '' or rules by which either unit can calculate or perform an `` operation . '' You did not enter an operator so the calculator can not perform any calculation . In the first case , -LRB- 21 -RRB- 2 , no operation -LRB- multiplication -RRB- is recognized by either calculator and as a result , both units generate the `` error '' message . In the second case , 2 -LRB- 21 -RRB- , both calculators recognize the `` operator '' -LRB- multiplication -RRB- and performs the operation to arrive at the correct answer , 42 . Nevertheless , both the Sharp and the Casio recognizes the `` order of operation . '' For example , if you enter the expression -LRB- 2 +3 -RRB- 2 and then press the equal key , you will again see the `` error '' message displayed by both calculators . However , if you enter -LRB- 2 + 3 -RRB- x 2 , you will see the correct answer displayed by both calculators , that is , 10 . It is evident that any number or expression enclosed in parentheses as the first entry which is then followed by a number will generate the `` error '' message.I just tried entering -LRB- 2 + 3 -RRB- 2 on the scientific calculator that comes with Windows XP Home edition . When I pressed the enter key , the display remained at `` 2 . '' This means that the computer did not recognize any `` operator '' after -LRB- 2 + 3 -RRB- . If you enter '' -LRB- '' then `` 2 '' then '' + '' then `` 3 '' then '' -RRB- '' , you see immediately that the result of the operation is 5 . Go on and enter `` 2 '' and press the equal key , and you see that nothing happens because you did not enter any operator -LRB- multiplication -RRB- after 5 . You are stuck at 2 . While the calculator in Windows will not generate an `` error '' message on the one hand , both the Sharp and Casio will to let you know that you have violated the `` syntax '' or rules used by either calculator . Remember , a calculator is just a dumb paper weight and it wo n't do anything for you until you tell it exactly what to do . However , both the Sharp and Casio will perform various calculations for you but will only follow the `` syntax '' or rules incorporated in their respective designs.One feature on the Sharp that I really like is the fact that each numeral or expression you enter is displayed in the lower line of the two line display before you enter an operator . This allows you to see and make sure you are entering the correct data . Once you enter the correct data and follow it with some type of operator , the data you entered appears on the upper line of the display area . This allows you to `` double check '' all entries before you press an operator or equal key . The Casio fx-115MS on the other hand shows all data entered on the upper line first just as you enter it in the calculator.I like both calculators equally well , and both have their advantages and disadvantages . But the advantages and disadvantages spring mostly from user preference . For me though , the Sharp EL-506VB has the edge because it comes with more thorough and user friendly documentation explaining each function more thoroughly than the Casio fx-115MS . So for five dollars more the Sharp is worth it.The ... Casio graphing calculator also looks like a good investment and seems to come with a very adequate booklet of about 150 to 200 pages . That will most likely be my next calculator .
 I am a math teacher at a new private Bronx high school , and compared the TI-83 with the Casio in numerous regards before deciding which one our school would use . Hands down , the Casio wins , and it is cheaper as well . Note - I do not work for Casio or TI.A -RRB- The calculator is more user friendly . The options are menu driven in a more intuitive way . What took me a minute or two to locate and figure out out the TI , took less than half the time on the Casio . Do n't trust me - see for yourself.B -RRB- The Casio is slightly faster than the TIC -RRB- Features
 The 9850GB is excellent calculator for the money . I bought this the 9850GB apx . four years ago after my TI-85 -LRB- what ever happened to that model anyway ?? -RRB- got stolen . I 'm glad it did , the 9850GB is much easier to use.I am an Engineering student and used it constantly . Oh , and the review that says you ca n't play games on it ... they are wrong there are numerous websites with game programs on them that work just fine . Another review stated that most teachers do n't explain how to use this model , this is true ; however , it 's also true that in college professors do n't explain how to use any model.Also note that this calculator is very easy to program for .
 I 'm a college student and I 'm using this for my calculus classes . OK , here 's the deal , if you do n't know how to use a manual and how to `` LEARN BY YOURSELF '' how to use a calculator this calculator is n't for you . you should go with a TI 83 + or 86 or 89 . whatever you feel more comportable . But sometimes when you have to have several graphs on one screen for compairing them , 9850GB is the best you can have . It varies each graph by colors . This calculator only has 32 Kb memory . it 's not a lot of memory but it does the job . and BE CAREFUL , you have to buy the cable individualy and it does n't come with the calculator . If you 're a patient college student , this calculator is for you and it does quite enough jobs . the 450 page manual help you figure this calculator out .
 I got the non-plus model for forty bucks two years ago and I love this calculator . My school uses this model as well . The color part is great , and in my opinion they are much easier to use than the TIs because of the menu structure . The model being offered here is also great because it solves all sorts of equations -LRB- do n't cheat , OK ? -RRB- and for that reason some teachers may not allow it . Being in Alg 2/Trig this year , this calc works great . And my math teacher says it will be fine for precalc . If you need just a graphing calculator that does a fair amount of features at a decent price , buy this calc .
 I bought this calculator before i enetered the 9th grade . Everyone in my class had the Texas Instruments TI 83 so i wanted to be different so i bought the CFX-9850GB Plus . It was the best desicion of my mathemtics life . Aftewr my friends saw the features and the user friendly menu they also decided to buy one . It has more features than the TI 83 and is easier to use . It is a bargain at the price it is being offered at . Even if you already have a graphing calculator i suggest buying one ASAP .
 I am in a college statistics class and I am glad I have this calculator instead of a TI-83 or ANY TI for that matter . My professor would give instructions for both the TI-83 and Casio CFX-9850 GB Plus and let me tell you the Casio has fewer steps almost all the time ! With the TI , it is very easy to put in statistics info wrong if you can not remember the proper order to input the numbers . With the Casio , it tells you what numbers to put where . If I had to pick between the TI and the Casio , I would pick the Casio . Even my mathematics professor recommends it for ALL of her courses .
 I bought this graphing calculator for my daughter in High School . She requested this model mainly for the color display . It is very user friendly , and the display in color is a major plus . The manual , though quite big , is not so intimidating as one might suspect . Even though , as most high schools , the TI-83 is the `` standard '' , my daughter prefers the Casio because it is easier to use and she has not had any problems applying the general class instructions . Would purchase again .
 I bought my Casio CFX-9850GB Plus in 6th grade for Pre-Alg . and I 'm now in 11th grade AP Calc , and my calc . still works like it did 5 years ago . The color screen is a life-saver when graphing multiple ftns . or just for something pretty to look at . It 's equation solver is great for tests , and the easy-to-use menu is much better than that of the TI-graphing calcs . Also , it has been in my backpack for years , and I drop it almost daily , but it has n't affected its performance at all . At $ 70 , this is a bargain , and it may just be the last graphing calculator you 'll ever need !
 I bought mine to use in my classes for my A.A.S. Electronic Engineering . It has been a mind-saver when it comes to finding the answer to any equation I come across . The mathmatical features of this unit are more than enough for any field of study . I would recommend it for anyone . The only drawback I could find with this unit -LRB- as with any graphic unit -RRB- , is the time it takes to learn some of the more advanced features , however , there is a very informative handbook to help you get the most out of this product . If you purchase one , you should not be disappointed .
 Ive had this calculator for a year and it is a testiment that something can be attractive and geniusly engineerd . Never have i recieved such complinents for owning a calculator . It makes the texus instruments look like typewriters the technology is so much better . People come up to me and want to play with it , and i say , `` Yes ladies ... its a casio . '' Truley an ingenius tool .
 Very good price and a proper calculator for my kids as a compulsory tool to be used for the International Baccalaureate .
 A friend lended me this calculator to borrow for mytrigonometry class i was taking . and boy was i new to casio , since i was used to using a TI83-plus for awhile now . i had to do a little adapting and learn how to use the casio . it wasnt hard to learn the functions of the graphing calculator since it was pretty straight forward and all . i would say this is a pretty good graphing calculator set a very nice and -LSB- very affordable -RSB- . if you ca n't afford a TI83-PLUS or better ... then this is the graphing calculator for you ! works as well as any other graphing calculator i have to say ! but i prefer TI 's over casio anyday thats why i gave it 4 stars .
 I am very happy with the product and how quickly it came in the mail since it was needed asap for school .
 I needed a graphing calculator for a math course I 'm taking late in life . Everyone said go Ti . When comparing the functions of both this Casio and the $ 150.00 Ti , I found them to be capable of the same things . With a rebate , I only spent $ 40.00 for this one and it does all I need to do . If you can handle the little differences in operation between Casio and the Ti that the professor probably has , save some money . The color display makes the graphs much easier to see . Highly recommend this calculator .
 Simply put the Casio 9850GB Plus is the best performace over price value out there . Though many schools have TI centric curriculum , I 've found I have an even easier time than the TI owning students because of the Casio 's straightforward interface . I highly recommend this calculater , it 's easy to use , as fast -LRB- or faster in my expierence -RRB- in graphing sine functions when compared to TI 's , and the price is unbeliveable -LRB- I got mine for $ 49 -RRB- . My advice , go against the crowd , get a Casio . You 'll thank me later .
 this is a great calculator for pretty much anyone . It is easy to use , but can do highly advanced caculations , including calculus , stats , and finance operations . I have used it for my physics , calculus , finance and econometrics classes .
 I am doing the IB diploma and i could ' t have asked for a better calc than the fx-9850gb plus . What i really like about this calc is that it is user friendly and easy to use unlike the TI.ofcourse ti-86 and ti-89 are far better than fx-9850gb plus ... but the color feature is an edge that casio carries over the TI . i luv this calc and it has helped me a lot . long live casio
 I own this calculator and I LOVE IT . It is particularly useful for performing statistical calculations , of which I do many . The only thing I would change is the color scheme of the calculator itself -LRB- and perhaps add just a few more advanced statistical functions -RRB- .
 This calculator should be competing with TI calculators . It has just as much to offer as most of the TI graphing calculators - plus color , although that does n't count for much . That it does n't compete , I suggest , is solely due to the quality of the manual . The explanations are not only confusing but sometimes they simply do not work .
 I find that the Casio CFX 9850GB actually is much easier to use than the TI-83 . It shows more detail not only because of the color , but I find it doing stuff that the TI does not -LRB- like showing a `` hole '' in the graph -RRB- . Also , I find that when I want it to find min and max , I do n't have to set boundaries , I just push a button . I 'm in precalc and have never used a graphing calculator before so I read the manual like another required text . The manual is easy to follow . I 'm afraid I have little use of the TI , the Casio takes me to the answer quicker .
 This transaction went really well . My son needed this in a hurry and the seller was very accommodating and got it to us immediately . A pleasure to do business with . Thanks .
 I was thinking of getting a TI-83 plus but this cost less does more and has color .
 This specific calculator was mandatory for 9th grade students at the High School . My son has been reading the manual and learning all the functions . The manual is easy for him to understand . Amazon.com listed price was cheaper then any other store .
 I am a tall woman -LRB- 5 ' 10 '' -RRB- with a big arse and this is a really comfortable chair . It was easy to put together and rolls smoothly on carpet . I like its stiff back support and ability to change not only its seat height but the arms ' heights .
 I 've been using this chair for about five years now and it 's fairly comfortable . I removed the arms for greater mobility in my home office , and to avoid bumping into the desk drawers and such , since I have limited space . The back adjuster is a nice way to make sure the chair conforms to my posture , and the back breathes , which is important in the summer or in an extra warm room -LRB- the one with the computer stuff in it -RRB- . There is a lever on the side that allows me to recline or lock the back upright . I frequently , accidentally , push it in and inadvertently lock it upright , but I can easily reach back over to the right , under the seat , and pull it back out again . -LRB- I prefer a tight reclining option . -RRB- The only reason I ca n't give this chair a full 5 star rating is that it is at it 's lowest possible height and I have short legs and wish it would just go a teeny bit lower . I 'm 5 ' 4.5 '' tall and have a long torso , which gives me short legs . My feet are flat on the floor as I sit in it , but I would prefer just a smidgen more slack under my thighs . -LRB- I have several health problems , among them Fibromyalgia , so I 'm more sensitive to these kinds of things than most . -RRB- If this were a workplace chair , I 'd be fine because I 'd be in some shoes , which would give me the foot height I need . However , since I 'm at home in my thin slippers , or barefoot , I frequently move my legs around or bend them under the chair to compensate.Overall , it 's a good swivel chair with plenty of customization , for the price .
 This is a great chair for the money . It is comfortable , the only negative is that the arms do n't adjust out and in , only up and down .
 Good chair for the price . I could n't find a better one . We bought a few of these at my last job so I got to try it out first.Good ventilation for the back.Adequate adjustments for a normally proportioned person without significant ergonomic needs.Good build quality.Made in Taiwan .
 This chair far exceeded our expectations . It was a great price , it is extremely comfortable , and it 's got a nice style to it .
 This is a great chair . It has enough adjustments to make it really comfortable . If you like a nice wide seat , this is it . All in all , a great chair .
 It is a great chair for students studying or myself . It gives good support for the back and is at a reasonable price .
 Great office chairs for the price . Just keep the screws tight and they last a long time .
 This is a good chair . The seat is soft enough to be comfy , but firm enough to support you without pressing into the hard base of the seat . The arms of the chair are also slightly curved , which surprised me at first , but the help to `` cradle '' your arms and help to keep them centered on the arm , instead of slipping off the sides . The back of the chair has just enough give to make it comfortable and to help support your back in the right places . My only `` complaint '' -LRB- though not really a complaint -RRB- is that the casters do n't have guards over them ; not a big deal just something I 'm used to with other chairs.Another good thing to note is that there IS a difference between `` fabric '' and `` mesh '' for the seat coverings . The fabric chair will be your traditional fabric seat covering . A mesh seat covering seems to be more like a simple `` net '' over the seat foam . It does n't make a difference to me either way , but it is good to note as it may matter to some and/or surprise others -LRB- as it surprised me -RRB- .
 this is a pretty legit office chair . im sitting in it now and the back rest feels good . it can recline or you can lock it to keep it from doing so . the arm rests come out and down to meet different desks and for the price it is on sale its a pretty good deal . smells kinda funny right out of the box but what do you expect from a shipment from overseas . give it a day to air out and you are set
 We purchased these chairs after buying a few others for our office . And this by far was the most comfortable . Not all the bells and whistles as the other chair but it meets our needs and it is at a great price . Keep an eye on the price for a few days maybe a week . I noticed the price fluctuates .
 For the price , this is a great chair . The seat cushion is comfortable , the mesh back helps keep you from sweating , and it seems to be pretty sturdy !
 I love this chair . did n't put the arms on it so it would slide under my desk top . It 's very comfortable , moves easily and can sit in it for extended periods of time without any issues .
 Many chairs cost more and are n't nearly as comfortable . One of the best chairs for the price range . I enjoyed it so much at my last job I bought one for my work from home job .
 One of the most comfortable desk chairs I 've ever had . Very easy to put together and seems to be made well so far . I did n't put the arms on the chair , as I think it would have been too tall to fit under my desk at its tallest height , which I have it at as I 'm 6 ' 4 '' and 300 lbs . I generally do n't like arms on my desk chairs anyway , as I 'm usually typing if I 'm sitting down and arms get in my way . It seems to actually be tall enough for me , which has been a problem with some chairs .
 probably not an issue for most people ... -LRB- removing wheels is not an option , as the chairstem sticks out beyond the base level ... i 'd expect $ 150 chair to have this . . ummm $ 1 worth extra feature . Other than that ... pretty fair balance of support and functionality .
 In my whole life I have owned ten calculators made by five different manufacturers , with TI accounting for four of them . I enjoy discussing the pros and cons of the various models with my friends and I have come to realize that choosing a programmable calculator is a very personal , even subjective , matter . That is why I respect different opinions about calculators , even if I do not fully agree with them . Sometimes the choice of a calculator boils down to a much-needed feature . This is true in my present case . My favourite calculator so far is the Casio Algebra FX 2.0 , and that choice hinges on one vital feature
 I think this is a great calculator to have for school since it lets you do step by step equations on the calculator . I went to a camp this summer and worked with a TI-83 + for the week , then I was given the algebra FX 2.0 and found that it was much more powerful then the 83 + even if they were the same price . I have found only one problem with it and that is that I ca n't find the SB-87 link ANYWHERE !
 This is the best buy in graphing calculators , period . I have lots of experience with graphing calculators , maple , matlab , and the like being I am an engineering student . All of my nerd friends use TI-89 or 92 and this machine leaves them in the dust . I especially found the Maclurian and Taylor series solving tools to be very useful . All of my proffesors insist that calculators can not due such things because they are familiar with TI 's . But I sure fooled them on my Calc II tests !!! This being said I am used to casio . The casio method of entering information is exactly opposite of the TI 's . This means that anybody that is used to a TI will hate a casio . But the fact is casio 's are easier to use and to learn from a beginners perspective . So do n't let those poor reviews fool you . If you are new to the calculator market or have been raised on the casio method this is the calculator to have .
 used this for algebra II since fall 2000 . Lost it and had to get another one . Stores only carry them in the fall so I waited to special order it . Well worth it because it shows you how to do the problems . The tutor really works and helped me improve my quiz grades . Everyone in class wants to use mine . Their Texas Instrument Calculators/same price ca n't cut it . Easy to use icons .
 This calculator saved me in basic level Algebra courses ... But , it 's Statistic functions leave much to be desired , mainly because the manual is EXTREEMLY weak in this department.Very easy to use . As stated , I find the manual to be very weak -LRB- except for Algb functions -RRB- and no instructors have ever used one .
 I have owned top of the line graphing and scientific calculators from TI , HP , Casio , Sharp , etc. . This machine , the Casio FX-2 .0 PLUS , continues the Casio quality tradition and is definitely put together very well . It is also a very good improvement over its predecessor , the Casio FX-2 .0 , with a very fine portable design and now with a CAS -LRB- Computer Algebra System -RRB- . The pros and cons as I see it are : PROS :1 -RRB- It has all the standard regular features and also is supplied with a full set of CAS features that we have come to expect on such a machine .2 -RRB- The machine itself is reasonably fast with a nice graphical interface and resultant plotting system . The resultant plots are high quality and with the many added features available for enhancement are very intuitive for the learning process .3 -RRB- It has a nice , but older style , body design that sits very nicely both on a desk or a table as well as in your hand .4 -RRB- It has a large amount of onboard main memory , plus additional Flash memory -LRB- See Con below -RRB- for tackling quite memory intensive problems .5 -RRB- Although it is called a calculator , it is really a small and fast handheld computer system which can tackle problems from the most simple to almost the most complex .6 -RRB- It has a very useful user interface system with multiple icons . The calculator functions are all controlled using an Algebraic Operating System -LRB- AOS -RRB- . CONS :1 -RRB- Some functions that you would readily expect to be available with a single key press on the main keyboard require instead multiple key presses , but usually with only a single shifted key press first .2 -RRB- Apparently the Flash memory is not extremely well made or of very high quality and can degrade significantly over a period of a couple of years time .
 Bought this calculator to use while taking refresher math courses . It works great and the algebra tutor does show you how to work the problem . It does n't allows come up with the exact factoring or simplifying answers you might by hand but it justs requires a little mathematically tweak on the users part . Have n't used a TI to compare it with ...
 This is one of the best technologies i have ever seen in the world of casio . It is superb and indeed super . I would look for a day when i shall see a casio calculator with color LCD .
 I have been using Casio calculators since my High School . In my engineering course I used FX-120 & SuperFx-100 . While I am at job , I had to implement some complex differential equations on my software . I really got a good solution in the form of Casio Algebra FX 2.0 Plus . This product is simply the best , it solves my purpose . I could even try my algorithm even while I am travelling - hats of to the Programming feature . Please note I am making this comment for the AFX 2.0 Plus version.The keys are smooth , grip is good . However the calculator is slightly bulky . Overall its a embedded computer fitting within hand .
 My son -LRB- 7th grade -RRB- got this , because he did n't like solvingalgebra equations . This calculator does that , though theinterface for the equation solver is mildly clunky.Now my son finds that this is his preferred calculator ingeneral . One nice feature
 Just what I needed for school and it really helped me in Pre-Calculus . Thanks !! -LRB- They want six more wordy words . -RRB-
 Excelente productorapidez en la entrega de la mercanciaEn excelente estadoBuena entrega de parte del vendedorbueno en todo
 The Casio Algebra FX 2.0 Plus is faster and more advanced than the Ti-8X series in every way.The buttons are much nicer to use and much more responsive than the TI buttons . The graphics are much better and the graphing functions is easier to navigate . The worst part about TI calculators is that you 're waiting forever when scrolling across a graph because the CPU just ca n't keep up . This is not the case with the Casio . I do n't know the clock speed , but the calculator feels at least twice as fast as the TI.Casio BASIC is even easier to use than TI BASIC when you get the hang of it , and more powerful . The only problem I have is there is really no point for the COM port because NOBODY else has the same calculator as you so you never use it -- but this used to be a $ 300 calculator so I understand why.As far as calculators are concerned , Casio means quality .
 I bought this to be able to show work for my nspire cas . Casio is set up differently but it is pretty easy to use and it show each step of the problem and you just input your variables . The Casio FX 2 is more affordable than other algebra calculators and the step by step tutor puts it in my top two because in school we need to show our work for some problems even though we can use CAS calculators . It 's the only calculator I know of that shows step by step algebra answers .
 I have owned 4 Casio graphing calculators -LRB- including this AFX 2.0 and the AFX 2.0 + -RRB- and a TI 89 Titanium.I 've also used the HP 50 , the TI 83/84 calculators.The Casio AFX 2.0 is one of the best calculators I have ever had or used.Compared to the 83/84 series it is , in my opinion , superior.While other students struggled to figure out how to use their TI 83/84 , I was getting results.The AFX is far more intuitive and has a built in Computer Algebra System which is convenient at times.It is far more comparable to the TI 89 series , and I own and use both . -LRB- The TI 89 's CAS is better integrated into the normal calculator interface than the AFX 's . -RRB- I have owned my AFX 2.0 for roughly ten years.The only problem I have had with it is that I accidentally put it in my bag last year without putting the cover on it and damaged the screen.At some point I will muster the courage to open it and replace it.I gave my AFX 2.0 + to my Godson when he went to college.It was not done lightly.The difference between the two was that it had a financial math program as well.To my knowledge Casio does not sell the AFX 2.0 series in the U.S. anymore.They may no longer make them.If I had the extra cash I would buy these myself.If it is possible to love a calculator , I love the Casio AFX 2.0 series . -LRB- Of course I love my TI 89 too ... -RRB-
 wow i used this calculater in school because i wosent getting it and it worked great . it really helps you understand it .
 HERE IS A SITE WITH THE HARD TO FIND CABLE FOR THIS CALCULATOR . JUST COPY & PASTE . http://www.pccables.com/87020.htm IT IS $ 17.99 . I LIKE THIS CALCULATOR ALOT , BUT THERE ARE A FEW THINGS THAT COULD BE IMPROVED ON IT . AND FOR THE ONE WAITING FOR CASIO TO HAVE A COLOR CALCULATOR , WELLLLL THEY NOW HAVE ONE . LOL
 These are great for sketches or detailed line work or shading . I have n't been able to find a better value than these four sketch books , the quality of the paper is n't the best , but i still recommend it to anyone who has any doubts on purchasing this
 My husband purchased two of these packs for my use . The sketch books in this pack are conveniently shrink-wrapped together for shipping . My over-all rating for this sketch pack is 4 stars . Even though I am mainly satisfied with these sketch books , I do have a few reservations which keep me from rating the pack 5 stars .1 . Hardbound sketch book . The product description claims this lies flat when open , but it does n't , especially when you get beyond the first third of the book or so ... Mine keeps wanting to close whenever I 'm not paying close attention . I find this to be a distinctly unpleasant drawback , even to the point where I 've avoided finishing the works I started in one of these books . 3.8 star rating for this item .2 . 9 X 12 Spiral-bound sketch book . This is bound on one long side ; I prefer sketch pads that are bound on the short side , and prefer to avoid spiral-bound pads altogether . While this book will lie flat when open , the wire binding gets in my way while working . I make use of this type of book by removing pages to work with ... and then , of course I have all those little shreds of paper to deal with as one has with any spiral-bound paper that 's not perforated for removal . 3.8 star rating for this item .3 . 9 X 12 Euro-style sketch book . Pages are stapled together in this sketch book , which can be made to lie flat with a bit of back-folding and coaxing . One of two better components in this sketch pack , this book is handy to take along when traveling , but needs some better type of cover to protect the book , in my opinion , because the covers are fairly thin , not much better than heavy cardstock . This book is not suitable for removing sheets to work with outside the book . 4.2 star rating for this item.All three of the above items contain 70lb paper , which is not the best , but is workable , especially if one is creating rough drafts of projects to be finished on another media .4 . 9 X 12 Drawing pad , tape-bound on one short side . This is the starring item in this pack ! The paper contained in this pad is at least a cut above the paper in the other three items of this pack . There are 25 sheets of 90lb paper that can easily be removed from the pad . Since I prefer to work on loose sheets , this is my favorite pad of the bunch . After removing a sheet to work with , the remaining sheets of this pad stay bound until the artist is ready to remove them . The heavier paper featured here is suitable quality for finished drawings with any dry media . 5 stars for this item.As another reviewer has stated , I have n't been able to find a better value than these four sketch books , despite the fact that I 'm not real fond of two out of the three , and have somewhat lukewarm feelings about the third . The 4th pad more than makes up for that . I just wish the tape-bound pad included in this pack were available separately .
 These are nice sketch books . There is a thin spiral one , a thick hard covered book , a spiral one with the spiral on top and not the sides and a thin soft covered one for traveling . Over all I am happy with the purchase , and look forward to drawing in them .
 I purchased this for my son after looking in stores for the same item and the price was just way too much . This item was as described , the shipping was quick and I would most definitely reuse/recommend this seller . : -RRB-
 My grandchildren will enjoy the quality and size of the pads . I 'm pleased that this product was available - would buy it again .
 Awesome value ! Affordable . Four paper products in one . I am splitting it between 4 kids at different drawing stages.Thanks !
 I have had the Panasonic KX-TG6502 system for several years , and recently needed to add a fourth handset . The best price I found was here on Amazon , but I was still a bit skeptical as to whether such an older model set would be available in brand-new condition . Short version
 This was an addon unit for an existing system . Have used panasonic KX-TG6502 system for a year and have experienced no problems . Reception is clear and adding a new phone number from one unit to all the rest is convenient . Minor annoyance is inability to erase old calls from all units at the same time . Entering numbers could be simpler , but not a big problem . I have had long term success with Panasonic phone products .
 This is the best phone for the money . I got 3 of them and they work flawlessly . The conversations are clear no matter where in the house are you located , including the basement . The base can support up to 4 devices and you can transfer the address book to all phones so you do n't have to remember all the numbers either .
 Nice product for comunication in house , support 2 line and bring flexibility to transfer calls an make conferences ...
 I purchase two of these phones to add to our base unit . Very easy set up . Quality product .
 Loooong battery life , crystal clear , long range , easy to use , need I go on ? Highly recommended !
 - Crystal clear sound - Easy to use interface - Excellent options such as phone book to load to other handsets
 When my existing cordless phone bit the dust , I did n't rush to purchase a replacement and took my time researching all available options . When it came right down to it , Panasonic 's KX-TG6502B fit the bill . If there 's a feature this 5.8 GHz system does n't have , please tell me . I guess that 's why Consumer Reports gave it such a high rating.If you already own this system , I do n't need to tell you how wonderful it is . Granted , it 's not like you have any other options if you want to expand it other than the KX-TGA650B . But rest assured ... it 's an easy two-button process to add a third and fourth handset . Not quite plug-and-play , but pretty darn close.One of the best features of this system is that everything is accessible through each individual handset , especially the digital answering system . No longer do I need to walk across the house to play back my messages . And I do n't have to worry about missing any -- even with the ringer turned off -- because of the small blinking light at the top of the antennae . Oh , and the blinking light also alerts me to an incoming call . Kind of like a `` silent '' mode.You can expand this system up to four lightweight handsets in all and you do n't even need a phone jack to place one anywhere in the house -- just a power outlet for the small , inobstrusive base.But the longer I 've owned this system -- nearly a year now and counting -LRB- updated review Nov 2005 -RRB- -- the more I appreciate it for it 's great design and problem-free operation . That 's why I added on to it by re-investing in a third and fourth handset for two daughters .
 This is an excellent choice for anybody that wants to add phones in places where you do n't have a phone jack . Just keep in mind that you need to first purchase the base unit . From there , you can use these add-on handsets anywhere in your house that has power . Linking the handset to the base was very simple . You can then copy your phone book over to and from any other units , program ringers , play messages , and pretty much anything else you need to do .
 I have owned many cordless phones ever since the 1st 46/49 Mhz phones came to market . I 've owned Vtec 's , Uniden 's etc.After hours of research , I bought this 2 line Panasonic . I 've had it for about one year now , so I can give you a review based upon a good period of time owning it.Here 's the very basic reason why I selected this model :1 - Two lines2-Expandable3-5 .8 gig frequency so it does n't interfere with 2.4 gig device in my home.Here 's why it 's the best cordless I 've ever owned .1 - I could test it out for awhile before adding/investing in addtional handsets .2 - It fits in your hand like a normal phone . Many of the new cordless phones are getting so high tech looking and sleek that they are either hard or uncomfortable to hold . The Panasonic handset is the most comfortable on the market . Ever try cradling a cell phone or too small cordless between you neck and shoulder for a moment while you pick something up from the floor ? Not easy , unless of course it 's this phone .3 - The part of the phone that touches your ear is designed properly . Many of they newer competitors phones are convex at the earpiece instead of concave . Very uncomfortable ... Panasonic ... Perfect !! 4-Big LCD display . No need to squint to see this one.5-Normal sized and properly spaced keypad buttons that are raised . You wo n't make an accidental dialing mistake with this phone and you wo n't feel like you need a pen to dial it.6-You can set the volume of the phone to retain the setting you like . On many of the competitions phones , you may have to adjust the vol . to where you like it , every time you pick it up.7-Great , very CLEAR sounding speakerphone built into each handset . Very useful when holding for i.e. a customer service dept. 8 - Natural sounding on receive side . Good volume and sound reported by people I 'm talking to . -LRB- Many competitors phones I 've tried have low receive and/or transmit volume -RRB- . On this one , no one has ever asked me , `` Are you on the cordless `` 9-Very rare that I ever get a broken or choppy signal . It 's solid . It even works 100 % around my yard/outside .9 - Good battery life/runtime .10 - Loaded with features . Like the fact that if something went wrong or one phone broke , my directory is still in other handset I have if I selected to download them initially to other phones .11 - Durable !! We have dropped this phone from about 3 + feet many times and it has not broken yet.What needs improvement :1 - Missed call indication is almost useless . To clear it you MUST scroll through Caller ID past the missed call to clear it . Not a big deal ... just useless .2 - -LRB- On the built in Voicemail -RRB- I ca n't save messages `` as new '' once I 've listended to them . Problem if my wife is not home ; then I see the message light blinking , I press it to listen to message . Of course the message turns out to be for my wife . But , now that I 've listened to it , the message lamp is extinguished ... Wife returns and has no idea there is a message for her . I have to leave her a note telling her to manually listen to `` saved messages '' .3 - No battery backup . This was one feature I liked in some of the older VTEC phones . In a power failure , the battery backup let you continue to use your cordless phones . I do n't think Panasonic or any other manufac . has a cordless 2 line with Battery backup.So if you are looking for a great cordless 2 line ... This is the one !! Almost perfect , but a definate against the competition .
 The product is great , but be very careful on who the vendor is . I found this product for much less and sent back the one that I bought from ACE PHOTO AND DIGITAL and for a $ 240 product , they took $ 40 for a restocking fee .
 This is an excellent product . It works flawlessly and is very easy to set-up .
 I wo n't go into any technicalities as the other reviews have more than covered them . We just purchased a third handset for this phone . It is so convenient to have extensions in three different rooms that can easily be moved around . The quality and features of this handset -LRB- and the two that came with the phone -RRB- are excellent - speaker , intercom , address book on each phone , mute , hold , etc. . .
 As others have noted , this phone system works very well , but it does require the ability to read instruction manuals ; and the endless `` missed call '' messages on all phones other than the one on which you pick up a call are annoying .
 Purchased to use with system , easy to use , good quality and has provided use of 2 lines coming into the home into newly remodeled basement without re-wire .
 works well . does all the things it says it does including each extention connects to master to retrieve messages . works as intercom . like ability to save phone numbers to all phones or just selected phones . speakerphone works well on all phones . only problem so far is some volume drop requiring readjustment during call . works thruout house and outside without problem .
 I bought this phone to overcome the WiFi networking problems I was having
 Very good 2-line phone . Great volume . Only problem is that when the 2nd line rings , it cuts out the primary line for a fairly lengthy time . The cutout delay is much longer than a call waiting beep for example . I estimate the cutout at 500 msec .
 We now have 4 phones on this Panasonic system . Performance is excellent ; the system diversity -LRB- 2 antennas at the base station -RRB- has virtually assured that there are no drop-outs anywhere in our house -LRB- 2 stories plus basement -RRB- . A slight drawback is that it can be daunting to learn how to use all the capabilities of the full-featured phone system -LRB- two lines plus intercom -RRB- but , of course , this is not necessary . Just learn what you need .
 Phone is extension of base unit bought from Amazon last year , both phone work well , good system , fast shipping
 The product was exactly what I ordered , delivery was very quick and I am very happy with this seller . I will use them again .
 I own the base station and 4 handsets for two years now . The batteries last forever -LRB- about three days off the charger -RRB- and I can use the phone anywhere in the house and outside .
 This completes my home office set of 3 and a base unit . I like the phone system .
 The only problem with these phones -LRB- I have 4 -RRB- is the volume control . I have it set at the highest level and people that call say they ca n't hear me very well .
 Great phone , easy to setup , long range and battery holds up quite well . I have seven of those around the house , all work very nicely .
 This was a hard to find replacement item . I could not find it in stores.I was very pleased that Amazon was able to find this item for me .
 Have had the original phone just over a year . Have liked it very much but 2 months after its one year anniversary the original receiver did not work unless you used with the headset or as a speaker phone . This is the second receiver in just over a year . So a good one but has not seemed to hold up well with moderate use .
 Best wireless phones we ever had . Best range , cleanest reception . Wo n't work without the base .
 I got a total of four handsets to use with this system . The plusses are great quality sound , very useable speakerphone , great range , no interference with my b/g wi-fi network , and easy call transfer/intercom functions . I also like the ability to set the ringer to silent and just let the LED on the antenna alert me , such as during dinner or a movie . I like being able to play back the messages from any handset , though they seem to always be on speakerphone , so privacy could be an issue for some.Some minor cons are that the buttons are too easily depressed when carrying the phone . It 'd be nice if they were inset a little . The phone could display the time and date , since they 're programmed into it , but it does n't . As others mentioned , the handsets register all calls they are n't used to answer as missed calls , so I find myself clearing the caller list all the time . I have n't bothered much with the phonebook , so I do n't have much commentary there . It does work.Overall , they 've proven rugged , of very good quality , and with a good featureset . Glad I bought them .
 Almost sent it back because I did not realize it was necessary to `` tie it into '' the main station . It was not receiving any calls one foot away . Difficult to figure out how to get it tied in with no instructions but we got it done.Price was a little steep for a phone that does n't work unless someone already has the main station .
 Works great , 2 line and con calls . Works well with our existing system , Great battery life and clear communication .
 The extra telephone handset I needed for my years old Panasonic phone is no lunger available from Panasonic . I turned to Amazon , and one of their sellers had it.It came as promised , quickly , brand new in the box , and performs just like the original handsets that came with the phone.Thanks for Amazon and to the seller who had the handset and sold it to me.The price wa ressonable for such an old , after-market product.I 'm very satified with my purchae .
 This is a good product but it is being offered for THREE TIMES the price that Panasonic charges !
 This handset is the original equipment replacement for my Panasonic 2-line phone system . It works great . I just wonder why the handset is so pricey , and why the prices at Amazon vary so much .
 Panasonic KX-TGA650B 5.8 GHZ Expandable 2-Line Handset for use with KX-TG6500B / 6502B -LRB- Black -RRB- Have used this item and wanted to add this group.These phones are great
 I 've had these phones for several years now and love them . They have a speakerphone in the handset and a mute button on the phone . The small satellite base does n't take up a lot of table real estate and is convenient anywhere you have an outlet but no phone jack . I 've placed these around my house and find them to be of excellent quality .
 Easy to set up . Solid performance . Base unit picks up signal all over the house .
 This is a very fine and classy pen , looks and feels great , has good balance and weight , which makes it a very precise writing instrument , at a very affordable price . Great for a gift or as an addition to any fan 's collection .
 There 's some great reviews on this phone which is one of the reasons I gambled on this phone . My previous Siemens 2 line answering machine phone looked cool but the reception was often poor and the phones had static even when the reception was good . My non-tech review is that this phone is easy to use and fairly intuitive . I have not cracked opened the manual and have been able to easily use the phone , delete messages , customize preferences , etc. . I like the constant visual about the battery life -LRB- seems to hold a charge well -- I left it out of the cradle for 2 days without it going dead -RRB- , you can select which line -LRB- 1 or 2 -RRB- to call from , and the built-in speaker phone on the phone itself -LRB- as opposed to just on the base -RRB- . There 's lots of nice little features that others have detailed . I have had no problems with range , interference -LRB- my neighbors have wireless phones and modems -RRB- , or anything else in the 2 months I have had it . The handset has a nice weighted feel in your hand and is n't too big or tiny so you can do that neck-shoulder cradle thing when you 're trying to cook or wash dishes and talk . Messages play back clearly and sound clarity is crisp . Appearance wise it 's fairly basic and not very stylish -- the dark grey/black hides dirt -- so it 's function over form .
 Panasonic has hit a homerun with this phone system . It is the best overall home or small business phone I have used in the last five years . The hardware and sound quality is outstanding . The blinking message alert light at the top of the Antenna is wonderful at night . It is very easy to use . I highly recommend this phone to anyone looking for one of the best phone systems on the market today .
 I purchased this phone system for my parents . My self-employed Dad works from home . My Mom does office work for him and also takes care of the home . One major reason that they both love this system is because the phones can easily be set so that they can recognize whether the phone is ringing for business or personal reasons . The intercom system , caller ID display and answering machine work great . They also are happy with how clear the phones sound and the easy to use volume control . The phones are a nice size and very comfortable to use .
 I bought this phone for my travel agency . I had an ancient phone system with Avaya which needed upgraded . After looking at cost and my needs this phone really hit the spot . I am the only employee so I needed a system that could allow someone to leave a message if I was on the other line . I have had this phone for about 2 weeks and can not say anything negative . Great product !!
 Bought this phone to replace another Panasonic -LRB- 900mhz -RRB- unit that somehow got `` fried '' . The old unit tended to get static after a short distance from the base unit , but the new unit is much more clearer . The 5.8 GHz unit has a speaker phone , but it 's somewhat difficult to listen too -LRB- I guess that should be expected when so much is packed into the unit -RRB- . Still , I like this unit and would recommend it as a nice 2 line unit .
 Not wanting to re-wire for second line for other rooms in the home decided to purchase this system . It is a great solution to problem . I now have both lines available in other areas of the home and not in just my home office . Phones have been in use approx . 1 month and we are please with the product .
 I have been using this phone system for several months now and am generally pleased with it . I recently added an additional handset . The range and voice quality are very good and I have experienced little to no interference or static . The user interface on the handsets as well as on the main unit is confusing and could be improved . All the features advertised do work , but it is not as easy to use as it should be . There are only 4 ring tones to choose from and I can not really tell them apart . On a two-line phone this means that I often need to check the handset to figure out which line is receiving the call . Also , the handsets are not linked as you might expect . For example , hitting the `` off '' button to ignore a call and stop one handset from ringing will only shut off that handset . The others keep ringing . This irritation repeats for other features such as missed calls and handset phone books . All in all , I highly recommend the product . It seems well made and has been very reliable .
 I have been using the phone for over 2 months now . All the issues others mentioned seem to have been resolved in 2005 models , except Caller ID . It works only 5-10 % of the time ; an `` Incoming call '' is all that you get for the rest . I find this quite ridiculous since my $ 15 phone can display it almost always . I would expect Panasonic to get such an easy thing right on a $ 200 + phone .
 My last two-line phone was Panasonic . It was ok , perhaps 2.5 stars . After a couple of years , number pad got flaky , noise increased steadily , and worst , the battery really stopped holding charges for more than 5 minutes.So I get another Panasonic , go figure ... But the tech stuff looked good , two phones in one package . It was hard to say no.Right out of the box , it worked flawlessly . So what are the high points
 I bought this set after reading all the available reviews . Due to those reviews , I had some concerns prior to it arriving but ... once in use the unit has exceeded my expectations . The sound quality is very acceptable and the flexibilty and distance is much greater than the Panasonic unit it replaced . Choices of two line systems are limited and ones with answering systems even more so and I feel this was a good choice and well worth the money .
 This is my second Panasonic 2 line phone . The other one started interferring with my wireless networking at home . I researched some of the others -LRB- Uniden , At & T ;-RRB- and went with this one.No more interferance with my 2.4 gig wireless . It also has all the features that was missing from the first one and then some.I could n't be happier . Nice ring tones , ability to turn off each lines ringer seperately . Call back editing -LRB- which is helpful for local calls where you need to delete the 1 -RRB- . The ring alert feature is great with the flashing light.I 've had it about 3 months now and could n't be happier . Great price also .
 We have two separate phone lines , and for years we have been complaining about having to find one or the other handset if we needed the other line . This two line set comes with two handsets and is expandable up to four handsets.Not only does it have numerous and I mean numerous useful features and GREAT sound , which is especially important to me as I have trouble hearing on most phones , but with the two lines , we can easily switch back and forth if we need the other line . In fact , we are going to buy a third handset for the kitchen.Features - more than we will probably ever use , but we especially like the speaker phone and the intercom which can both be used from the individual handsets or the base unit . By choice we do n't have Caller ID , so we do n't use that feature now . We shut off the answering machine for the second line since it is only used for faxes , going online , and making outgoing phone calls . I only gave this 4 stars because of the poor sound quality of the answering machine , but the quality of phone itself , sorta , kinda , makes up for that.The handsets have some weight and size to them , not too much , just enough to feel comfortable in our hands . We do n't like small lightweight handsets . My husband 's hands are big and mine are medium and the handsets are very comfortable for both of us.We also bought the Panasonic KX-TCA 60 headset -LRB- $ 10.49 -RRB- through Amazon . After I had ordered the headset and it was in the mail , I read another review on Amazon for a different Panasonic headset , which stated that this unit would not work with a 5.8 GHz phone . I called Panasonic and they said that this headset would work with this phone . It just arrived and fortunately , it does works well with this phone.We should have combined our two phone lines years ago . We based our purchase on the excellent reviews on Amazon and the use and feel of the phone itself . We have only been using it for a week now , but we are very pleased with our purchase .
 It was almost `` plug 'n play '' . The set up was simple and intuitive . The controls on the handsets and base unit are fairly straight forward . My wife , who does n't easily take to new electronic devices , has easily adapted to this new addition . Both of us appreciate the speakerphone on the handsets and have been using it a lot to have joint conversations with friends and family who report that they are hearing us well . The voice enhancing technology makes a nice difference . The answering machine works very well . The range of the handset from the base unit is very impressive -LRB- up to 200 hundred feet in open terrain - 50 feet with big obstacles -RRB- as compared to our old Vtech 900MHz that died . All the auxillary functions of the phone system work well . -LRB- We do n't have caller ID or DSL . -RRB- There was not a problem with using a $ 20 . headset with the handsets.The less than ideal aspects of this system are - lack of regular off the shelf rechargeable AA batteries , small screens on the units which make for difficulty seeing when you 're a senior citizen , lack of voice activation and the high cost .
 It is what it is . A solid , not quite perfect 5.8 gz 2 line cordless phone with up to 4 handsets.Setup was simple , the menues intuitive and easy to just figure out . Well designed and well built , the phones have a solid and comfortable feel.The handset speaker phones I found surprisingly useful.The call quality is very good although the microphone used on the handset has a rather narrow field requiring you to position the phone just so , to give your caller decent volume on their end.It 's too bad Panasonic does n't allow more than 4 total handsets , but I suppose that 's now reserved for a higher end product or future feature held in reserve . Whatever.If you can get the Dual Handset kit for less than $ 200 I do n't believe you will find a better incarnation of this feature set at this time . That 's why after much research and much contemplation , I choose this product.Now that I have spent a good month with the system I can say that I am generally satisfied . That no , using the home phone is n't really any more fun than it used to be , but so what ? It 's a good system for our family . I felt I got my money 's worth given the choices available . I still feel so .
 This is a very nice phone to have ; though little bit expensive . I have been using this for more than 3 years . When I bought , I paid nearly $ 240 . Pros : The 5.8 GHz frequency is amazing ; the quality is very good even when I carry the phone outside my home -LRB- Mail box , etc -RRB- . No interference with other wireless devices.Cons : Shorter battery life ; this does n't last more than 1.5 hours . I work from home a lot ; need longer battery life as I need to be on the conference calls few hours a day.When we receive International calls , we do n't get all the digits of Caller 's Number -LRB- they are longer and they get truncated -RRB- . Speed Dial storage capacity is less . I think it can store up to 50 numbers only.Suggestion for Improvement : When we are on the call , system records the numbers we punch -LRB- like Account # or Credit Card # -RRB- . The system should ignore all the numbers we key in once the call is connected to enhance security .
 This is one of the best cordless phone sets I have ever owned and I have had three . It is very powerful and I have had no problems .
 The best part about this phone is that individual units dont need a phone line and you can have them in any part of the house . I only gave it four stars because the voice quality is not the greatest . Overall it is a good choice .
 We love this phone . Very easy to use . Has multiple handsets , lights up , and great reception . No problems .
 This phone is very well designed and addresses the details . The messages that it records electronically are clear , the handsets fit in your hand and face well , the speaker phone on the base as well as each handset is clear without making you sound like you are in a tunnel . I have zero disappointments after using it for two months .
 GREAT product except the antenna is not as strong as I would like . I broke the antenna 2 months after purchasing the phones . That 's my only complaint - DO N'T pick up the phone by the antenna !
 i am satisfied with this phone , i had the uniden and it was crap . this phone has good featurs , the only thing that i can complain about is the speaker phone . people have a hard time hearing you . and they have a VE button thats supposed to enhance the voice but it makes it worse . overall i would recommend this phone over the uniden .
 I 've been researching the different phones quite heavily . Some of the more profound findings were from on the floor sales staff at major office supply stores . The first store , he mentioned that the Panasonic was the best , and that Uniden , and V tech were junk . The second store I went to , he was a lot more specific , and really knew his stuff . He said that Unidens were the best voice and transmission quality , but did n't hold up . He also said the V techs were junk . His comment about the Panasonics was , I am not going to lie to you , they last forever , and have excellent overall quality , but you are going to pay more for that . He was emphatic about explaining that , his comment was intended for the full size Panasonic 5.8 s , not the new little tiny 5.8 Panasonics , that are having problems , more like the V-techs . A friend of mine has the Vtech 5.8 , and has already had to return two handsets due to malfunctions . He also mentioned that when he presses a number to dial , it does n't always register , and he has to press it again . I speak with him on the phone though , and even though he is outside his house , the quality is great.My personal comments on the Panasonic 5.8 6502B is that I love the whole system . The quality is great . I get absolutely no static , or noise , even when my head is practically inside the microwave . -LRB- Which is the first thing I wanted to check after using my 2.4 and 900 megahertz that way and got so much noise I had to leave the room -RRB- Going outside of the stone house , I went all the way past my neighbor 's front yard , before I got noise , and that is about 100 feet . I can go anywhere in the house , which is a 60 foot house , meaning that 40 feet is the max distance from the base unit , and everything is crystal clear , no matter what floor I am on . I have the base unit sitting on top of a major subwoofer.I am a Panasonic fan , because I have a 900Mghz dual line , and a 2.4 Ghz single line cordless , both of them Panasonics , and I have owned them for 10 years or more , and they both work perfectly . I had to buy replacement batteries for the older 900 , which is the one that is over 10 years old . I bought replacements-aftermarket from eBay and they work great . My 2.4 is still running off of the original batteries . Not a glitch with either of those phones . That is reliability.Now I want to talk about headsets . The dream from way back was to be able to walk around cordless , and better yet , hands free . I can go out in the garage , out in the yard , -LRB- go to the bathroom -RRB- get something to drink , or whatever I want , without being tied to the cord , and just as important , not having to bend my neck to hold the phone up , or use up a hand . Total freedom is great . The problem is that my headsets for the 900 or 2.4 do n't work properly with the 5.8 Ghz . I tried the Plantronics 25 or 29-dollar model , and it was so quiet , when I left a message on the answering machine , it would hang up . I tried my old headset , and it did the same thing . So their is something about 5.8 systems that require more volume . The reviews on the Panasonic headsets were many , but not many on the 5.8 volume problem . Those that were happy did n't report what they were using them on.Once again , my Staples expert , the rare sales person who really knows what they are talking about , pointed me away from Plantronics , and aimed me directly at the AT&T ; Executive headset model number EHS30 for only $ 19.95 . He said they were loud , and when hearing , you have to turn down the volume . The Plantronics he stated were for business use , when you do n't want the caller hearing ten other conversations going on in the background . On the AT&T ; headset pack , they say , '' Designed for the HOME office professional '' Anyhow , I took it home , plugged it in , and it WORKS GREAT FOR THE 5.8 . I sent a message to another answering machine in the house and the volume was greater than when using the regular phone , and without any distortion . It had great sound quality , and plenty of it . The AT&T ; has enough boom length , to get in front of your mouth . On the Plantronics , in frustration , I took the headset off , and spoke directly into the mic , but although I got more volume , there was distortion.This paragraph is an edit to my original review . I have since received the Panasonic KX-TCA60 headset that everyone raves about , but others commented that they do not work with the 5.8 s. Well they do . It does say on the cardboard plackett that the headset comes on , that they were meant for 900Mghz , and 2.4 s but leaves out the 5.8 s . BUT the owners manual for the 6502 says that headset works fine , and it does . The boom mic is crystal clear , just like the AT&T ; , and the volume on the ear piece is just the right volume . The AT&T ; goes above the normal volume , but gives you an adjustable volume knob to tweak it just right . The Panasonic TCA60 does not have a volume knob but is set at just the right volume already . The speaker on the AT&T ; is the same outside diameter cushion , but the actual speaker opening is twice the size of the Panasonic . That may help in part as to why the volume on the AT&T ; is greater . If you were in a really loud room , the AT&T ; has a higher volume adjustability . Both were perfect quality , sound and plenty of it . You ca n't go wrong with either one . The AT&T ; is twice the price of the Panasonic but is built a little more substantially . Hey get both , you have a lot of stations with the 6502 . One last comment is on looks . The picture of the individual handsets , the Panasonic 650 is more like the real look of the phone . If you look at the 6502B picture , it looks like pure black , which it is not . I prefer the pearl black metallic/off charcoal gray look , which it shows you in the 650 handset only picture here at Amazon , which is what it all is and has a black back . Also the LCD color they show in that picture is not accurate ; it is more like a goldish yellow instead.Overall , I find the 6502B or 6500 with a single handset , which are full size Panasonics , to be the best looking , most functional , and most reliable units out there . I have absolutely no complaints at all . Pertaining to the comments about the calls missed showing up on all of the handsets ; when you have multiple people using the same system , everyone has a chance to review all of the incoming calls , and with the caller ID , they show up with the sending phone number and time of the call . If someone else like a brother or sister , erased your message at the base , or from their handset , you know what calls came in , and who to holler at : - -RRB- Get the Panasonic 6502B or 6500 , and get the AT&T ; headset EH530 , which also works in your cell phone with the same 2.5 mm plug . Buy it , you wo n't be sorry . I seriously feel a pang of love when I walk past the handset stations , especially , when I consider all of the old problems this new system solves.Oh , one more thing , I have the primary line set up on my Lingo line , that I learned about here at Amazon . It 's the new VOIP and costs me only $ 19.95 a month for unlimited long distance all over the US , Canada , and 17 countries in Western Europe . The included premium call services including Caller ID all work beautifully with the Panasonic system . I guess you could say , `` I 'm phone happy '' Hope this helps .
 When my existing cordless phone bit the dust , I did n't rush to purchase a replacement and took my time researching all available options . When it came right down to it , Panasonic 's KX-TG6502B fit the bill . If there 's a feature this 5.8 GHz system does n't have , please tell me . I guess that 's why Consumer Reports gave it such a high rating.The DSS signal is strong and secure , the range exceptional and I have never experienced any interference -- a concern for me due to my wireless home computer network . Two lines were a must with teenagers in the house and there are n't too many product choices available today if that 's a requirement for you , too . All the usual two-line functions are included like flash and hold ... as well as the standard phone basics like call waiting , caller ID , etc. I have absolutely no regrets . I do n't know why other reviewers experienced problems , but not me . Not once . Never.One of the best features is that everything is accessible through each individual handset , especially the digital answering system . No longer do I need to walk across the house to play back my messages . And I do n't have to worry about missing any -- even with the ringer turned off -- because of the small blinking light at the top of the antennae . Oh , and the blinking light also alerts me to an incoming call . Kind of like a `` silent '' mode.The system can be expanded up to four lightweight handsets in all and it 's an easy , two-button process to add additional units to your existing system . You do n't even need a phone jack to place a handset anywhere in the house -- just a power outlet for the small , inobstrusive base.A good measure of any purchase is the pleasant surprises you discover once you have it in hand and this phone has a few worth noting
 After struggling for years with Siemens Gigaset 2420 system ... Got the Panasonic . I am pleased and the most important and demanding user in the home -LRB- spouse -RRB- is happy.Voice quality
 I love this phone ! The price is great . The sound quality is great . The range is great . The handset speakerphone is better than great -LRB- way useful and the sound quality is very good -RRB- . The battery life is great . Playing messages back from the handset is great.This is the best phone I 've ever owned . It does everything I wanted it to , plus some other nice things I never thought of . I do n't have a single complaint with this phone after more than a month of constant use -LRB- I work from home and this is my primary phone -RRB- . I liked the phone so much , I bought one for my mom , and she likes hers just as well.With regards to complaints from others :1 -RRB- There is no issue with switching to/from the speakerphone on the handset . If you 're on speakerphone and want to use the handset in the normal way , just press talk .2 -RRB- I wall mounted my phone and it works just fine . I prefer the keys facing up so I do n't have to stoop down to see the button I 'm pressing like the last phone I wall mounted .3 -RRB- I do n't have caller ID , so I ca n't comment on the complaint that the number does not show up on the handset .4 -RRB- I have no idea how good/bad/ugly Panasonic tech support is , I 've never had to call .
 This is a very good phone system . There are many descriptions here so I will despense with these and move on to a review . I am comparing it to a Siemen 's Gigaset 2420 . The Panasonic KX-TG6500B / 6502B is a small step back from the 2420 , but at about half the cost , is a very good value . One significant step back from the 2420 involves the configuration allowed with respect to what line is automatically selected when making and receiving a call . I used to receive calls on line 1 and made calls -LRB- and fax -RRB- on line 2 . There was no option for this on the Panasonic , and I had to switch lines -LRB- receive calls on 2 and make calls/fax on 1 -RRB- to get the auto select to work . Now it only auto selects the wrong line when calling from the CallerID list.Other smaller step back from the 2420 involves the CallerID list . On the 2420 it was stored with the Base unit and was therefore synchronized on all handsets . On the Panasonic the CallerID lists are independent to each handset so even if a call is accepted on one handset it is labeled as missed on the others . Furthermore , deletions only affect the handset it is deleted on and not the others . This can obviously lead to confusion and requires more CallerID list maintenance -LRB- lucky I only have two handsets -RRB- . Another small step back involves the lack of a Fax/Modem port on the Panasonic and conveniently available on 2420 . Perhaps the largest step back is the fact that the antenna is internal on the 2420 . This was quite convenient and will be a sorely missed feature.The Panasonic does work quite well , however , and has good reception and sound . The Answering machine works well , though it only sounds only fair -LRB- there is a mode to enhance this slightly -RRB- , and the backlighting and Flash button on the handset are a very welcome change . The biggest advantage to the Panasonic is the inclusion of a very nice speaker phones in each handset . -LRB- Note
 I have used 2-line cordless phones for years . This model is definitely the best 2-line cordless available in a small universe of 2-line cordless phones . No other model comes close . The positives are mentioned in other reviews . ie ; clarity , ease of use , substantial quality , voice-enhancement feature , excellent redial -LRB- includes # 1 in the area code number you redial -RRB- . -RRB- My previous V-techs did not . . MINUS
 The good stuff : - Voice quality is great . - Range and RF signal quality are great . - All the other basic phone functions are great . - The answering machine works well and give better voice quality than most voice mail systems . - The speakerphone-in-the-handset feature is a welcome addition to Panasonic 's previous offerings of this type , and the reason I finally replaced my wired Panasonic two-line `` business type '' phones with this system.The problems : - For me , the headset jack was a major selling point . I am often on long calls and the headset lets me clip the phone handset to my waist and go hands-free as I walk around the house . Alas , when I use the headset jack , people at the other end of the calls report that my voice is too low . Yes , I have tried genuine Panasonic headsets , including a boom mic model that puts the mic right at the corner of my lips . It does n't help enough . The mic level on the headset is just too low . - The multiple handsets are not enough aware of each other -- it is n't enough of a `` network . '' For example , you have to set ring tones individually on each handset . You have to use a manual procedure for sending a `` phone book '' from one handset to another . If I clear the `` missed calls '' list on one handset , the others still show `` 5 missed calls '' or whatever . All ridiculous ! All this stuff should be managed in the base unit , with the handsets just acting like remote terminals.Ok , I grant that some people might like to have separate phone books in separate handsets , different ringtones in different handsets , and so on . But it ought to be possible to opt for `` base unit manages all '' . That 's really about it . If I had n't been * expecting * more of a `` telephone system '' with a common control point I would n't have been disappointed over that aspect . The low headset problem is still disappointing , though.EDIT
 My first 2-Line wired/wireless phone system was the Siemen 's 2420 . It was sleek , elegant and the interface was clean and intuitive . Although I was happy , the sound quality was always bad . People said I sounded like I was in a barrel when speaking on the cordless units . The electronics were terrible and it literally began to disintegrate , piece by piece , beginning with the readouts.I then purchased the AT&T ; E2562 2.4 GHz DSS 2-Line Expandable Cordless Phone with Answering System and Corded Base . I 'm old enough to still have blind faith in the ` AT&T ; ' name . The phone system was ugly . The interface was non-intuitive and frustrating . The sound quality was mediocre . The answering system periodically garbled messages and cut people off . It was terrible and I was unhappy.My current phone system is the Panasonic KX-TG6500 with two satelite units . It is not elegant , but the design is fun in a ` high-tech ' way . The desired features are there and logically accessible . It has a solid feel . The sound quality is excellent . It is a good phone system and I am happy again .
 You would think that , with the increasing number of home-based businesses and home offices , one of the telephone manufacturers would come out with a top quality phone system that hit every item on a business user 's wishlist . Unfortunately , that does n't seem to be the case . We did a lot of research before we purchased this Panasonic two-line cordless phone , and it 's surprising how few options there are . And , of those options , most seem to get dreadful reviews.We 've had this phone for about a year . I think it 's okay -- but given the alternatives , `` okay '' may be the best one can hope for.Note that I have n't used the built-in answering machine -LRB- I find the phone company 's service to be easier for my purposes -RRB- so I ca n't give you advice about that function.Also , it was important to me to choose a 5.8 GHz system . I have a computer network that runs primarily on wireless , and I wanted to ensure there was no conflict between the computers and the phone.The plusses : * Audio quality is fine . Nothing to shout about , but I can hear the other person and he can hear me . I keep wishing the volume would go higher . * The wireless range is fine . We have n't tried to stretch it at all , but one of the cordless units is at the other end of the house , probably 100 feet from the base station -LRB- which is in my office -RRB- , and I have n't had any cut-outs . * The unique ring is a feature I 'd never have sought out , but I appreciate ; this way , I can tell when the home line is ringing verus the business line.The minuses : * It can be hard to read the screens ; that can be a problem when you 're trying to read the caller-ID information . I wish there were a backlight . * The base unit does n't have caller ID displayed ; you have to pick up the handheld unit to see it or , for that matter , to scroll through the calls that were missed . The only display on the base unit is for the answering machine . * Speaking of missed calls
 We use it everyday . The kids love it . I had it laminated and they can add the days on themselves . I would buy it again .
 I received this order very quickly . I love this calendar ! I am using it in my first grade classroom . I love the extra pieces for holidays and special events because it lets the kids know what 's coming up in the month .
 About 20 years ago , I had a small hand-held calculator and it gave out . A lady friend gave me a small Casio Electronic Desktop Calculator -LRB- Model MS-70L -RRB- as a replacement . What an amazing little instrument ! I 'm still using it and it 's still in excellent shape . I 've never had a bit of trouble.Well , I guess my model is no longer manufactured and it 's been replaced by somewhat more advanced models . However , this model -LRB- MS-80TV -RRB- closely resembles mine in many ways and has about the same capabilities . If my calculator ever does go kaput , I would n't hesitate to replace it with another Casio , that 's for sure , and this model would be a prime candidate.The rating I 'm giving is for my old Model MS-70L . I just could n't be any more satisfied . Hopefully , this newer model will be as satisfactory.Gary Peterson
 I have had this calculator since 1991 . I use it alot and I have had it in my car since the day I bought it . I purchased several more to keep in my office and around the house . I especially like the big numbers for easy reading and the the big keys spaced far apart so you do n't have many missed entries . You can buy alot of cheap calculators but none so easy to use and so long lasting .
 The buttons and display on this calculator make it easy to use , but the size of the actual unit is nice and portable and does n't take up too much room.Someone asked about setting the tax rate
 This calculator is very good . It is very durable -LRB- i have dropped it and kicked it still works great . It uses solar power but has a battery for backup inside which i have never has to replace . The button are nice and big along with the screen . Its easy to read and the screen has a small tilt which is great when using on a desk . I love this little calculator !
 I have used mine for years too . It 's big and easy to use . My buying point was that it was big . I did n't like looking around my desk for itty bitty calculators so I got the biggest one I could find , which was this one . I 'd get a bigger model if they sold it . I 've used Casio ever since I was a kid and I love their products . They are very well made , the buttons do n't stick . This one has a big display and big buttons and has stood all kinds of abuse on my desk for about 10 years . I highly recommend this and other Casio calculators .
 We have this type of calculator at the store where I work and I just love it and it has always been very reliable . I finally decided to buy one for my own use at home and I love it !! It is great that it will also add the sales tax in for you so you can figure out your online purchases in advance .
 I have used this every day for ten years , it is the best calculator I have every owned . I can hardly function on any other kind
 I own several other models of portable accounting calculators . This seems to have the best combination of functions for a highly portable calculator.It is large enough that you can still 10-key -LRB- barely -RRB- , but small enough that it is very portable . If I were going to have a calculator permanently at my desk , I 'd buy one with a larger face -LRB- easier to 10-key with -RRB- . The + / - function is very handy . Many other accounting calculators come with a square root function instead . ?? I 've never had to take the square root of a number during accounting.I own model MS-80TV . I guess the latest model is MS-80TE . ? They look almost exactly the same.I like it so much I 'm buying another .
 Casio MS-80TVGreat calculator . This is the last one that actually adds the amount to the total when you hit -LRB- + -RRB- . All the others you have to hit -LRB- + -RRB- then equal .
 Not that bad of a calculator . It graphs and calculate pretty good . However , It can be difficult to use because the key are confusing . Purchase with manual is better .
 I purchased mine for $ 49 . Its suitable for any classes through college algebra . For trig you 'll want to upgrade as it does n't graph polar coordinates though it does convert rectangular to polar and back . If you needed to you could program it to input the -LRB- x , y -RRB- into a parametric graph and so display the results.While my class mates were worrying about how to get their TI 's to work I was working on the problems . Even though I 've moved to the Casio AFX 2.0 , I keep it for a backup . When my buddy is n't borrowing it ...
 These are great for any markings needed on metal surfaces . They last long & do n't run like some other brands I have tried .
 I bought these only to find that a 99 cent store had the same pack , same quality , for 2.99 . Sucks .
 I love rivetnow products ! They can be use to hook together just about anything . I tend to lost small objects around the house or car -LRB- like keys and cellphone , bluetooth headsets , etc -RRB- but rivetnow products keep me attached in a comfortable , stylish way .
 I love these things , and it 's a shame they 're getting so hard to find . I have to buy them in multiples just to make sure I have extras , just in case . I use the fixed pin with the dash mount for my phone . It 's wonderful because it not only keeps my phone in an accessible place that is n't the cup holder or passenger seat , but it 's at comfortable viewing angle , should I need to glance at it for an incoming phone call or quick GPS directions . They adhere with little 3M sticky tags and from the size of them , you would n't think they 'd stick as good as they do , but once they 're bonded on there , they 're pretty tough to take off . Which is excellent since I sometimes tend to bang my things around . I 've never had a problem with the rivet system coming off of either my phone or my car 's dash . And they 're so small and discreet ; they take up much less space and look so much better aesthetically than those other big universal dash mounts.A tip
 That 's a tentative 4 . Quiet , comfortable key touch , well placed key positions . Digital display bright and a good size . Easy paper load . Attractive . Nice conversion feature.Paper on outside might cause problems on crowded or dirty desk areas.We got our models for $ 50 at Office Max.BIG DESIGN FLAW : The clear panel in front of the paper is placed too high in relation to the paper tape feed . When seated , the first printed number remains completely out of sight until one has typed in two more numbers . One would have to constantly use the `` feed '' button , stand up , or prop the machine up at a 45 degree angle to see each number typed !! Casio needs to fix this.Problem two
 It is very sticky and works almost same as 3M . unknown brand name but good packing tapes . I have had no problem with this one . .
 I 've gone through many rolls of this and compared it to other packing tapes . This 2.6 mil thickness tape is good quality and at around $ 2.50 a roll -LRB- 4.7 cents a yard -RRB- , a good value.Wal-Mart has it at a good price with dispenser included.PROs : ~ ~ > Good value ~ ~ > Strong -- Refuses to tear ~ ~ > Ultra clearOK 's ~ ~ > Adhesive strength is OKCONs : ~ ~ > none
 Best I 've used so far and I 've used a lot of packing tape in my days . Its thick but cuts easily . Easy to find the end.Edit
 This tape is adequate . It is thinner than the 3M that I usually use but not so thin it is hard to use . I am satisfied and would buy it again if it is cheaper than 3M but not at an equal price .
 I normally use the 3M tapes from Costco but the 3M sometimes feel like an overkill - very thick and too expensive.These are perfect in my opinion . Much cheaper and still tough enough for most shipping purposes .
 We have had very good luck with this tape and will purchase it again when we run out.The tape does not tear in the wrong place and is plenty sticky enough to seal the packages.The only downside is that the cost is somewhat higher than I expected to pay . However , I think this is a case of getting what you pay for .
 The challenge of packing tape is to find the high quality stuff in an off-brand for a good deal . That 's a lot to expect of packing tape and this product excels in each of those criterion -LRB- high quality ; off-brand ; good deal -RRB- . I 've used this tape to seal boxes filled with heavy items . It 's tough and easy to use .
 I 've tried a great many different packing tapes for my packages and by far , this is the best ! The thickness of this tape is quite reassuring when applied to your package and because of this , I find I use less than I would normally . Highly recommended !
 This is the most sticky clear tape I have ever used . Other clear tapes can become loose ... not this one . Seems like it has at least twice the sticky stuff .
 This tape does the job , but it is thinner than the Scotch Brand that we normally buy . It seems strong and it is very sticky . Should be fine for general use .
 This tape is very strong and so clear you can see the core through the thickness of the full roll . This is a much better buy in that you can get 6 rolls for the same price you pay for 4 of the `` other '' brand .
 It fits in my tape dispenser . It holds boxes together . It is clear and I use it to cover shipping labels . It is n't the thin stuff that I would only use for temporary jobs . I plan on buying more when I use this up .
 I began using this tape based based upon price and specs -LRB- thickness , clarity , etc -RRB- . I 'm not certain what a more expensive tape has to offer that this one does n't , but this tape is everything I need . It is crystal clear , thick enough to be sturdy and manageable , and it adheres very well , even to aging degraded cardboard . I 've used about two dozen rolls so far and am very pleased .
 I will not be redundant about what others have said , but I have been using this packing tape for years without issue . Buy with confidence knowing you will not regret the investment .
 Just as good as the name brand clear heavy duty packing tape . It fits the name brand 's red tape gun . Tremendous cost savings . Highly recommend .
 Before I bought this tape , I was switching off different types of tape because I was running out of all of them . So I had a small idea of what I wanted when I was buying tape.Since I was using the tape mainly for mailing small packages , I wanted strong tape . From my experience , this tape fits that bill very well . It also was n't too sticky , which was a problem I had with one of my other tapes , nor was it too thin.The tape had a nice feel to it and it comes off the roll fairly clean.So , I would recommend this tape for people who have a similar purpose for the tape .
 This tape is clear and strong . We use it to ship cardboard boxes and it adheres very well to the cardboard . The price is very good compared to others we have used in the past .
 Best tape of this kind I have ever used . The thickness makes it much easier to deal with . Never spending forever trying to get the end peeled up on the tape . I like that its very clear too . Great price .
 Good quality , does not split like those cheaper ones when you try to use it . Good price for the quantity too . Highly recommended
 This is a good bargain for tape . Though this kind is thin it is still strong and works great . I ship a lot of packages on Ebay and this tape is perfect . I did notice that it is extremely loud when you pull the tape out which is a problem for me since I usually pack boxes when my kids are asleep at night . The other kind of tape I used before was thicker but was whisper quiet . This is no big deal at all considering that it works good . Highly recommended if you do a lot packaging .
 THIS TAPE IS THE BEST TAPE ! IT WO N'T TEAR ON YOU , LIKE CHEAP ONES DO . IT IS STRONG AND DURABALE , I AM A POWERSELLER ON EBAY AND WO N'T USE ANYTHING ELSE !!!!
 Sticks well and does n't rip/tear in the wrong places while you 're trying to use it . Works as well as some stuff I 've paid twice as much for from other companies.This is the best -LRB- and cheapest -RRB- I 've found of upper end packing tape - those who do a lot of shipping will realize the time savings compared to ` cheap ' products .
 We use this to secure plastic sheeting around stacks of plywood . Needed something that would n't tear when we pulled too hard . The adhesive works well even in cool or damp weather . It is crystal clear , but that was n't a consideration for me . Although I like products made by the 3M company , I think this tape is equal to their comparable tape and at a better price .
 I really like quality/price of this product . We used this tape in our last moving and you can unpack your boxes without knife/scissors , just pull the tape and it removes perfectly fine and even keeps boxes in original condition . In the same time it keeps taped box absolutely safe even with high load/weight .
 I ship a lot of items and as you may know packages ago through a LOT of wear in transit . A quality tape makes all the difference . I tried a few different brands and am now sticking with this because it is the best . Very thick and uber sticky . Gets my packages to my customers in one piece .
 Sticks well , Used it today to put UPS labels on the box to send back some RMAs . . Worked perfect . . not too think nor too thin . . Perfect !
 This tape is very strong and comes of the roll cleanly and easily.May be a bit more expensive than some brands , but you get whatyou pay for . A very good value !
 This stuff is $ 6 for a roll with half as much tape as one of these Duck rolls at the drug store.The tape itself does its job well , too ! ; -RRB-
 I love this brand a lot and their best product is EZ start -LRB- Ez peel -RRB- tapes , because they are so quiet . I tried a few different brands and they all make a lot of noise , duck ez tapes do n't . If you are looking for low -LRB- very low -RRB- noise tapes then duck EZ tapes are for you
 This is the only tape I will use for wrapping packages that I sell on eBay . No picking at the corners anymore ! Strong , thick , clear ... just makes packaging so easy . I 'm so glad that I did my research . I still have the Scotch dispensers and use this brand only for refills . It 's not as stiff as Scotch . I suppose that 's one reason that it 's do easy to work with .
 With the 6-pack , and including shipping , you save $ 1 or $ 2 per roll . If you 're moving , it 's not a bad idea . And definitely get the packaging tape rather than the cheap stuff ...
 I have used cheap tapes which never seem to peal or apply correctly . This tape is thick and sticks to packaging well . No more Scotch brand tape for me , this one is my packing tape now .
 This is a great , solid product . It does exactly what you expect it to do and is reasonably priced .
 I 've dabbled with selling used items online , and I do a fair amount of shipping at work . So , silly as it may sound , I know my tape.Admittedly , I was too lazy to go to a supply store , and picked up this six-pack from Amazon , knowing it would probably last me many months.When it arrived , I was kind of impressed to see how well I could read the design on the rolls . It says `` HD '' on it , which I thought was laughable for tape , but I 'm almost embarrassed to admit , it really does seem `` special '' in its clarity.My favorite thing about this tape is when I 'm using a tape gun , the tape stays together when its cut -LRB- so you do n't have uneven strips -RRB- and if it sticks to itself , it 's easy to peel back without wasting a few inches.I 've also been really impressed with how clear this stuff is . I 've been using it to tape labels down on boxes , and it 's perfect . It does n't hold ridiculous amounts of static -LRB- normally causing paper labels to pop off of packages -RRB- , and it 's dense enough that it does n't bunch up on top of itself when you 're sealing things.Seriously , this tape is awesome . If you can use six rolls in a reasonable amount of time , you should definitely give it a shot .
 I have been selling a lot of stuff on eBay lately and I have to pack a lot of boxes . Duck Brand Crystal Clear is a very thick tape , not the paper-thin type that tears into weird designs unintentionally - so you need to knick it with a utility knife to tear it . You do n't end up with fringe on the roll like you do with the thinner tapes that requires a magnifying glass and adept finger nails to extract .
 I do a lot of eBay shipping , and have always used 3M tape to pack up my items . No complaints there . I 'll be moving soon and have recently begun packing everything up . Well , I started to burn through that 3M tape pretty darn quick . Not wanting to use up all of my `` premium '' tape , just to move , I came on here looking for something just as good , but cheaper.This product fit the bill -LRB- bill , like a Duck , get it ? -RRB- , nicely . It 's a bit cheaper than the 3M stuff and seems to work just as well . It 's quality feels about the same as the 3M stuff . I have n't had any problems with tape peeling off , but then again , I 'm just moving then unpacking . I 'm not storing the boxes , or anything like that , where how long the tape will retain its hold might come into play . So , I ca n't speak to that aspect . I know they sell tape specially designed for long-term storage , but I 've never tried it.This tape also lives up to its `` crystal clear '' specs . It 's VERY clear , perfect for covering shipping labels , etc. . Oh , and I 'm using this tape in a 3M-branded dispenser . I prefer their dispensers over the Duck-branded ones . I find the tape slips out of the Duck-branded ones too often.I 'll definitely be ordering Duck-brand tape , in the future . It seems to be just as good as any other tape I 've used , and will most certainly hold up for a trip through the mail .
 I 've been shipping my products for a year now with this tape . It less expensive than the same quality 3M . The tape is strong and it is easy to use . Cheap tapes shred and the adhesive is stonger than the tape . No so with this HIGH PERFORMANCE packaging tape -LRB- do n't get the commercial-grade tape .
 This was my first purchase of this product , I had been using the USPS and Scotch brand packing tape previously for the past 33 years.No comparison . Duck brand was thicker , clear and only required one swipe to seal the box . Scotch brand needed 2-3 swipes of tape . The Duck brand is about twice as thick and it is obviously crystal clear -LRB- see attached picture -RRB- . Cost breakdown per roll : this item
 I use this tape to attach Paypal labels to plastic and paper envelopes , as well as package up cardboard boxes . It works well in both applications . I find it easier to use the tape without a tape applicator . I cut the tape with scissors , and store it with a small glossy paper tab under the end of the tape so it is easy to peel the end of the tape each time.I noticed that the price on the on this product fluctuates . There is a nice online tool that I use to help catch a good price on Amazon , this tool is called `` Online Price Alert '' . This tool will send you an email when the Amazon item price reaches the target price range that you specify . If you search on `` online price alert '' in Google it will be come up at the top . I find this tool to be very helpful.This tape is a good bargain . I plan on using it again in the future .
 Duck Brand HD Packaging Tape Packaging Tape , 1.88 inch x 54.7 Yard , Crystal Clear , 6 Rolls -LRB- CS-55-6pk -RRB- This is the same quality as the more expensive 3M tape . The tape fits my dispenser perfectly . I will always look for this tape in the future . My order was shipped through Amazon by SHOPLET . Shoplet is a discount Office Supply . They were quick to ship and the product arrived sooner than expected . I am impressed by their responsiveness .
 I did n't know what to expect from the description of some people regarding the stickiness of the tape , but it worked great and was a thick strong tape .
 I have been in business for 15 years , shipping my products all over the USA . This is the best tape I have found . It has never failed to my knowledge , and the price is right . Thanks for making it available through Subscribe and Save .
 This was a good price on some mailing tape.Works fine . Tough . Not too sticky to work with . Stays on the material to mail and does n't fold or bend awkwardly . Easy to work with .
 I purchased some of the 3M heavy duty tape . I , like so many others , found that it did n't stick . Whether that was a QC issue or what I do n't know , but I wasted money and decided to try this . I 'm glad I did . It 's not as thick so it 's easier for my cheap tape dispenser to cut without shredding . It is plenty thick for its intended use I feel . In my opinion this tape is the clearest of all the tapes I 've used . This product sticks well and is a great value with subscribe and save .
 This tape is very affordable if you need a larger quantity . I used it to move across the country and it held perfectly , after being thrown from one truck to another . Both the quality and durability are top-notch !
 This is really good tape . I used S&S to order from Amazon and I 'm glad I did . It does smell a little funny so be prepared for that . Not sure why there 's HD in the title but I 'm very happy with the product !
 I used these to pack my entire apartment when we moved . I used them to wrap furniture with moving blankets . Since they are so thick , fewer layers are required to keep the moving blankets tightly in place . This tape is also great for sticking shipping labels onto envelopes/packages since it really is very clear .
 I 've used this Duck brand before so I 'm not new to this at all but what I love is the price and how it comes to my door and I do n't have to shop around for a `` good '' deal . It holds my boxes or whatever I tap up for as long as I need it to stay , for some stuff it has been years . Very good and if I need to buy it again I will do so but as of now I have enough . Thank you
 I have bought the cheap stuff but I always come back to this . The cheaper rolls bubble and then loose their paste but this HD tape holds strong ! Spend the couple extra bucks for tape that actually sticks .
 I bought this for pack for my box for my recent movement . It worked perfectly for me . This is very nice tape . Duck tape is kind of original noun for this kind of product . Thank you .
 The service from this company is the best there is !!!! Tpe wa ordered one day ... was here the following day . Super service !!
 The tape worked well for my move ... it is n't as thick as other HD tapes but did the job as needed and was helpful to buy in bulk for the price .
 Yes , this tape is extremely strong and works well in most places but it is getting harder to find them in a set of 6 without paying a lot for them . They are for a decent price here on amazon but when you do find them and that is if you do find them in the stores they can be very pricey .
 Works as well as the famous Scotch Brand we 'd used for decades , and is much more affordable . The more packages you ship , the more you save ! Does n't smell as nice , but that 's a small price to pay .
 After experience with other brands not sticking or tearing , we found the HD brand one day at a local retailer . I went through the whole roll without any tears or peeling . So I researched and found this 6-pack that should last me a little while -LRB- even with holiday shipping -RRB- . The rolls fit perfectly on my standard tape roller that I already had . The tape does seem to be slightly thinner than other more expensive brands , but it sticks just as well . I feel comfortable just taping a normal box once or a heavier box maybe twice and I have n't had customer complaints about packaging.Let me know if this review is helpful !
 I 've been using 3M Tape for years , and I 'm usually hesitant to try anything else , because the other products are ... imitations ! This is right up there with 3M quality , Heavy Duty tape .
 Great tape . . Easy to use adheres quickly and easily.The size is great for packing boxes for mailing or moving.Does not tangle
 I 've used about every kind of 3M & Duct Brand clear packing tape there is and w/o a doubt the `` HD Clear Duct Brand Packing Tape '' is the best I 've ever used . Also a heck of a deal for just over $ 3/roll when you buy the 6-pack . It 's plenty thick enough and does n't split/tear longways off of the roll.For packing boxes , or covering labels , I 've never had it come off , not stick , or loosen . I also use this HD Duck brand tape around the house for uses it was not intended and works great . I have old wooden single-pane windows with those old-style aluminum framed storm windows/screens which slide up and down . About the most inefficient storm windows there are with gaps on the sides/top when down . So before the winter cold hits I tape all the gaps on the sides/tops w/HD Duck brand packing tape and helps a bunch . Surface must be dry for tape to stick so do n't try it when already cold , warm/hot in the house , or condensation forms . Sometimes I 'll use a hair drier to heat up the aluminum frame and burn any condensation off . I also bend the tape ends over to create some tabs to make it easier to get the tape off . Also tape the screen frame edges during the summer to prevent small bugs from coming in . Fair warning though you wo n't be able to get your outside storm windows or screens open in doing this . Also the glue is hard to get off the aluminum/any window glass you overlap but since I 'm going to put more tape on there when installing screens I do n't worry about it.I also use this HD packing tape to tape some gaps around the outside of my 3 window AC units in early summer . Holds up to the hot temps/sun but again fair warning this glue is hard to get off after removing the tape . Paint thinner and/or glue remover works some but I also use a single edge razor blade scraper if needed . Do n't do this on plexiglass or you can scratch it with a razor blade . I also do n't tape painted surfaces since it may remove the paint.Used to buy these 6-packs of HD Clear Duck brand packing tape at Lowe 's or Home Depot . Ca n't find them anymore in the stores and Amazon is a good resource.I do n't quite understand the negative reviews on this clear HD Duct brand tape since I 've never had any problems . Now I have had problems w/the `` HP '' -LRB- High Performance -RRB- Duck brand clear packing tape and do n't think it 's half the product of the `` HD '' type . I 've also noticed in the past couple years where there is n't as much glue , or solvent-type smell , to the glue on HD Duck clear packing tape . I wonder if the Duck company was n't going through a period of testing/changing glue types to conform to some of the more stringent EPA guidelines concerning VOC content ? Regardless , I still think the `` Duck Brand HD Packing Tape '' is a great product .
 I purchased this product for my son who is mentally and physically impaired . And let me tell you this projector is just wonderful for him . We looked at other projectors but they were very pricey and some of them moved way too fast . The Mathmos moves at a good speed , is very clear , and is larger then I thought it would be -LRB- obviously the farther away the projector is the larger the image will be , but it 's clear enough to be pretty far away -RRB- Anyway a couple small down sizes about the Mathmos are ; 1st it takes about 45 minutes to fully heat up so at first the image , if you have oil in the projector , is just one color , but after it heats up it is very pretty and relaxing . 2nd it does n't have an on off switch so you have to unplug it to turn it off . Over all the Mathmos is great , I definitely recommend this product ! I love it and so does my son ! A + : - D
 On an empty wall it looks a little like the planet-eating amoeba from the original Star trek series . But an empty wall is just the beginning ! It works well on ceilings , the floor , or all over anything that happens to be in a room . Sure to be a hit at parties . You are n't locked into a single color combination either , additional oil and graphic wheels are available . Cats also like the images.The biggest downside is the massive power brick , which can only be turned off by unplugging it .
 Pros :1 -RRB- This is a fun little projector that creates some neat effects .2 -RRB- Pretty low entry price for the unit itself .3 -RRB- The mathmos online store sells not only color/oil wheels but also many pattern/art wheels designed by various artists , some of which are really neat.Cons :1 -RRB- Additional color/art wheels are very expensive for what they are -LRB- $ 30 + shipping -RRB- 2 -RRB- The housing for the projector is plastic and feels cheap , and the unit leaks some white light out the back due to the holes created to vent hot air .3 -RRB- Somewhat limited focus range .
 Very comfortable and easy to clean . Stays put nicely . I purchased one to use with my Logitech lighted keyboard and then purchased another for my Logitech gaming keyboard . The gaming keyboard has a curved front but it fits perfectly when using the curved edge of this wrist rest toward the keyboard .
 This product really delivers . It 's very high quality and performs its funtion well . My wrists have never been more comfortable at the keyboard ! I used to have one of those flimsy fabric wrist rests , what a piece of junk . It did n't provide much comfort and was impossible to keep clean . In addition , this looks a lot better , more modern and sleek . It 's thick and durable and easy to clean .
 I bought this in blue , along with the matching mouse pad , for use at work . Eight hours a day at the computer , five days a week , and I have no discomfort in my arms , wrists , etc. . My co-workers are quite jealous of my stylish and functional pads ! Every office worker should have these inexpensive but effective ergonomics .
 I 've been looking for a Gel Keyboard Wrist rest for a while and so glad I found this one ! VERY comfortable and pleasant to rest your wrist with . Highly recommend it !
 Luv this Wrist Rest , easy to clean and this one will last many years . I have used others wich were covered in fabric that I had to wash , done with those .
 I must begin by saying this wrist rest is super awesome !!! My work involves a lot of Data entry and computing of documents and after a while my wrist on my left hand was starting to hurt really bad . I heard that this could be an onset of Carpal Tunnel syndrome and in most cases the only option is usually surgery . Well before I had allowed panic to set in , I remembered that I had seen the same sorta wrist rest at my financial banker 's office but their company provided them with those unlike the company I work for which provided only the basic foam wrist rests and if you want something more ergonomic you have to get it yourself . I came across this Seller while looking for a more ergonomic wrist rest and I can honestly tell you that after I got the item and started using it , within a half hour , the pain in my wrist completely dissappeared !! It is so comfortable and cradles your wrists like a soft pillow and makes typing so much more enjoyable . If you are looking for something that will help take the strain off your wrists while typing then this is the product for you . I highly highly recommend it and the seller is super fast . Definately five stars from me . Thanks !!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Very comfortable cushion for wrists especially if you work all day in front of a computer . I received it yesterday and was surprised by the material which appears to be the type that 's hard to get dirty . I am very happy I got it . Ca n't wait to use it .
 Firm and comfortable . Feels like it is better quality than the gel pads I 've been using with a fabric cover . I like that it stays cool to the touch so when I am typing it makes my wrists very comfortable .
 I picked this up to go along with my new Matias Tactile Pro keyboard which I found too tall . This gives me a place to put my wrists and keep my hands at a more comfortable height to the keys.It 's very stable on my desk with no curling and no sliding . Easy to wipe off with a cloth - although it does n't really pick up much grime from what I 've seen so far . It does have a terrible smell which is fading fast . Not really an issue since I find it does n't get on me.The only problem with it is that I 'm probably going to break it by poking at it and using it like a stress ball . Oddly addictive .
 I was concerned it would be too short as I read some people complaining of that , but it 's plenty long enough for my keyboard . Stays put , and is firm enough to support my wrists , but still squishy enough to be squishtastic . A + , mang .
 Supports the wrist well , not too firm , stable , easily cleanable . Would buy this product again . More words so I can submit ...
 This wrist rest for the keyboard is just a bit too hard for my wrists . It is well made and is holding up well but more on the hard side than soft side . It does do the job of keeping the hands/wrists up at a good ergonomic angle though.Also , the wrists tend to stick to it more than the other wrist rests that have a material over them . So , if your wrists are not sensitive this is the item for you .
 I love these pens so much that I bought several packs just in case Papermate stops making them ! They are comfortable in your hand and the ballpoint writes smoothly and delivers just the right amount of ink . Because they are retractable there 's no cap to fool with . One click and you 're ready to write . Plus , there 's a handy clip at the top which means you can hook it on your papers or your pocket . The bright colors offer a wide range of uses . The red and orange I use to grade my childrens ' home school work , the green and purple to write letters or to jot down notes . The pens with standard blue ink I keep in my purse at all times for check writing . You ca n't go wrong with the Papermate Expression . It is a high quality and highly appealing ballpoint pen at a reasonable price .
 These pens are so reasonably priced that they are perfect for young girls who may misplace them . My 8-year old granddaughters love the designs . The colors of the pens are the colors of the inks . These are definitely a hit !
 The product arrived on time and was as described in the sale description . The product did performed as I expected .
 I got this for a gift for my friend and it was great . The colors are amazing and they write well . The ink does n't get jammed and they had great grip .
 These are great pens . They have colorful ink that matches the outside of each pen . They write smoothly . Perfect for taking notes in class .
 The pens are so magically colorful . You can write with absolute fluence . The blue pen is kind of lame since it 's technically just the typical ballpoint pen blue , but the other colors are so pretty .
 I love pens , and these are perfect for everyday use ! They flow nicely , however the yellow is difficult to see , even on white paper .
 I bought these pens because black and blue in gets pretty boring . I like the selection of colors , except I wish the blue ink was brighter than just boring blue ink and I would have liked it more if the green pen 's ink was a brighter lime color like the actual color of the pen . It 's a little misleading , but the other colors are good , i like the orange the best . They write pretty smoothly , the one annoyance is the clicker on the top of the pen remains extremely loose when the pen tip is clicked down , so as you write it giggles a little.Over all it 's nice to have different color ball point pens that come in one package for some excitement in a blue and black ink world .
 Not school glue !!! Great product with a great price.I reccommend this for anyone that has a use for a lot of glue !
 this is a very good product , you can keep organize your keys and also safe in the cabinet . I make it paint wengue color to match my place .
 very good purchase . works quite well . i would definitely recommend it to anyone who has a large amount of keys .
 My husband bought this pen for his best man and we ended up using it to sign our wedding certificate . It is so beautiful and elegant , and had a very nice weight . We felt as if we got a great deal with this pen since many that are more expensive are n't nearly as nice .
 I love pens , always have , and this is one of my favorites . The weight is ideal , the selectip refills smooth as silk , and it just feels great in my hand when writing with it . I would recommend this to anyone seeking a fine pen for themselves or a special gift .
 I convinced myself that since I was about to start a new job where there would be more writing -LRB- vs use of computer record keeping -RRB- I would `` need '' a reliable pen that not only wrote clearly and smoothly but was not going to contribute to hand contractures/discomfort . I found what I was looking for in this pen and in fact it makes the significant amount of writing actually fun from an artistic standpoint.My only complaint is that the gel refills run out in a couple of weeks ...
 Very elegant pen , smooth as silk . Great weight and feel in your hand . This is the best pen I own .
 This is exactly what I hoped it would beCross Townsend , Black Lacquer , Selectip Rolling Ball Pen , with 23 Karat Gold Plated Appointments -LRB- 575 -RRB- . It 's a pen that 's heavier than most ... an attribute that I wanted . It 's a little wider in diameter than many ... another attribute that I wanted . In addition , I wanted a cap that would solidly click on to the lower portion when configured for writing ... like this one does . I have a Cross Apogee which does NOT do that . Since the balance of the pen depends on the cap being attached when in writing mode , the solid lock of the Townsend is highly desirable . The Apogee cap sometimes comes loose when writing.The ordering process was easy on Amazon and the delivery was much faster than I 'd expected.Cross rolling ball pens all seem to come with a black ink refill . I prefer blue , so I always end up swapping out the refill right after I get the pen .
 The nicest Cross pen I 've ever had . This one is a very big and heavy pen . -LRB- Larger than most -RRB- . Great for your home or office . It looks and feels great and it writes excellent .
 This type of pen -LRB- Cross Selectip -RRB- was one of things our daughter had requested for Christmas . We ordered it and , at first sight , she loved it . The problem that has developed is its weight . She was exposed to Lyme a number of years ago and the pen is too heavy for her to easily use . Not the pen 's fault , mine for not noting the description included the term heavy .
 I ordered this pen as a congratulations gift for a co-worker 's promotion . It is beautiful and they were very pleased .
 Outstanding pen , very impressive quality and look . Feels great in my hand . It has an air of sophistication and style .
 Best pen that I 've ever owned . Unfortunately , I lose them every couple of years , so have to keep on buying them.The lacquer finish shines with its beauty in a very elegant form . The barrel is just the right size for extended writing.Every aspect of the pen is well made . Ca n't recommend it strongly enough . Relatively expensive , but cheap compared to a Montblanc
 I ordered this pen because it carries sentimental value for me . My wife gave me the exact pen for my birthday , very early on in our relationship . I managed to keep the first one for a long time before it was lost -LRB- pens and I ??? -RRB- I was so happy that this one was available ... it writes so smoothly ... I love it !
 Wonderful pen . Has become my daily work pen and I feel naked without it in my pocket . Looks and feels exquisite .
 The Cross 572 black laquer / gold trim Townsend is an all time classic design.This pen makes a statement of your attention to quality and excellence.Perfect size and weight , hard to beat the smooth writing & long lasting cartridge.It has been my go-to favorite for a decade , and I have given several as gifts.Durable , good looking , this pen will last forever with reasonable care.I always have one with me . This pen will take the standard Cross pen refillswhich are available everywhere in Fine , Medium & Broad -LRB- bold -RRB- and in many colors . -LRB- Fisher makes a Cross refill -LSB- space pen refill -RSB- that writes upside down & underwater -RRB- ! Just keep an eye on it , this pen will walk away when you 're not looking !
 If your reading this , you 're looking for a good Labeling System . If you want a `` stand-alone '' item -LRB- which even can hook into your computer -RRB- this is the best of both worlds . I use the Brother PT-2600 mostly as a stand alone unit . The few times I used it with my Mac G4 , it gave many options -- most of which I did not need , so I prefer to use it without the computer -LRB- although I keep the USB plug connected -RRB- . I 've used mine for nearly a year with zero problems and without the battery eliminator . It 's still using the original batteries -LRB- it does take 8 AAs -RRB- . Now , let me address the `` caveat '' . I had a need to use gold and silver backed foil labels with black ink . Brother does NOT make such a product . They make Gold Ink on BLACK background -LRB- which looks worse than terrible -RRB- . It is for this reason I purchased the DYMO LabelManager-150 . Its smaller than the PT Brother series , only takes 5 AA batteries , and it too is still running on the same battery pack I received when I purchased the item a year ago -LRB- about 1 month after I purchased the PT-2600 Brother . In my review of the DYMO Labeler I only rated it four stars because it does not have an automatic `` cutter '' which cuts the label after you 've printed it . You simple push a `` cut '' button and it cuts the label for you . It DOES feed the label out , however . The brother unit does this all for you , including cutting the label so the label simply drops on the desk or into your hand -LRB- no doubt this is why the BROTHER requires 8 batteries and the DYMO only 5 -RRB- . Bottom line
 This little machine works well and is well laid out . It 's easy to use , whether via computer or by hand . But it 's heavier than I imagined -LRB- 2.5 lbs -RRB- . And it has this annoying quirk
 My boss bought one of these things for the office as part of an effort to keep things organized and identified . While I resented this new part of my job description , I found the Brother PT-2600 Labeling machine easy to use and extremely handy . I eventually bought one for myself for my home office . Now all my manuscripts , floppies , CDs , and tapes are clearly labeled . It 's a great tool !
 The machine is great . The computer interface is realy handy because the PT-2600 's keyboard is a little hard to get aquanted with . The big draw-back is the price of the tapes . Like so many items you buy today the consumables ar the the big expense .
 I picked this specific labelmaker for it 's ability to natitively print barcode labels . I had the crazy idea to replace those little keychain barcode tags with barcode labels conveniantly stuck to different things that I carry around anyway . So far it has worked great and I have no major complaints with it . Also I love the fact that you can very easily print address labels just by changing out the label cartridge .
 Good deal . I wished the product would 've come with a voltage transformer and it 's hard to find one off the shelf to fit it ; but otherwise no issues with this purchase -LRB- at all -RRB- .
 I love this label maker . It 's very vercitile . It works wonderfully . I love having all the different options it provides . I 've been able to use it on many projects and have n't had any complaints yet .
 This is the fourth Cross pen I 've purchased , ranging from a simple chrome rollerball to the gorgeous Apogee collection . I 'm partial to the rollerball -LRB- or as Cross calls it , the `` Selectip '' -RRB- over a ballpoint . This pen comes in a black Cross box , with the gift box/case inside . The weight makes it feel very solid , and well-balanced . At full retail price , this pen is $ 100 or more ... at a little over $ 60 , it 's a greet deal.I highly recommend the Cross brand generally , and the Apogee line is a great addition .
 I purchased this pen as a replacement for an old and thoroughly worn-out Parker . I chose the Cross on the basis of three points
 I received my time care tapes very quickly and they work great ! I would recommend this website to anyone who needs replacement tapes .
 Finally buy a new ribbon since couple years used of the old one.The new ribbon works great as the original .
 The description was confusing but decided to purchase because it is well below the $ 20 if purchased directly through their website . The product works great and will re-order again .
 Ribbon purchase was exactly as specified . Worked great with our time clock at work . Will definitely order again . Shipping was on time . Pleasure to work with .
 Works very well with no smearing and finally I could see the time that was stamped.Much better value than the original ribbon
 qqq aaa sss ddd rrr ttt hhhhh yyyyy uuuuu hhh gg ff gg jjjjj kkkkk lllll ddddde aaaa aaa aaa
 Microsoft Wireless Mouse 8000 - Gray -LRB- 9DR-00001 -RRB- I bought this mouse for its Bluetooth capabilities . I 'm tired of having receivers sticking out of my usb ports . And I must say , I really like the mouse ! It was easy to connect the Bluetooth software on the mouse to my laptop . And the mouse works very well . It 's a bit small feeling for hand , but I 'm getting used to it .
 I got this wireless bluetooth mouse and I was blown away by the features . It does all sorts of cool stuff including buttons for play , stop , forward , and back and volume buttons when in Presenter/Media Mode , also has a laser pointer , a back button and a magnifier mode that allows for zoom on any screen.However , I have had the mouse for about 6 months now and the left button click is wearing out . It still works but seems to be less springy . Also the wheel scroll is really sensitive and the magnifier button gets accidentally pressed frequently sometimes resulting in awkward screen display , this is easy to fix but can be annoying.I have the Wireless Notebook 5000 mouse as well and I 've had it for much longer and although it has less features it still works magnificently .
 I Love this mouse . It is very easy to set up , and works with my Apple , and also my Windwo based laptop . So far it has not freeze up on me once9I have had it for 5 months now -RRB- . Good going .
 I have big hands and this mouse is a bit too small for maximal comfort . But that 's about the only negative thing I can say on this . The battery life seems to be pretty good . I 've had it about a month on one set of batteries and I 've even accidentally left it on a few times . The range is great , the presenter works really well and the setup was pretty easy . One nice feature is how easy it is to customize what button performs which function . I am using this with Windows 7 .
 I 'm satisfied with the product as it does everything it should do , come fast at home.I did an excellent trading . thank you
 Has a lot of neat features . Plug and play worked well . Not sure why its bluetooth and has a dongle to plug in for other wireless use ...
 I bought this to utilize my laptop 's BlueTooth functionality while keeping my sparse -LRB- 2 -RRB- USB ports free . The unit does ship with a USB based BlueTooth receiver , but thankfully is not dependant upon it . Getting it to pair without its receiver was a tad tricky , but once paired it now connects every time . Feature set is outstanding , as you can control music , DVD , and volume from a distance . The laser works nicely . As this is my personal laptop I have n't used it in a presentation capacity - however it is most entertaining with the cat.I nixed a star for one reason -LRB- and this may be a MS Vista `` feature '' -RRB- the magnifier works well , but whenever I activate it my screen blanks for a sec . and then returns with the magnification rectangle - My other MS mouse does n't do this . Note
 So far I really like this mouse . I have n't used it in a presenter capacity , but when I tested it , it seemed to be great . It 's extremely comfortable to use as a regular mouse , and it has great sensitivity and connection , as compared to other wireless mouses I have used in the past . The bluetooth connection is fantastic and easy to setup . This mouse does everything it claims without any problems !!! A great buy !!!
 This is a easy to setup mouse from Microsoft . It comes with a optional bluetooth adapter which you can hook it to one of your USB ports in case your PC does n't have in built bluetooth . The installation was a breeze on Vista/XP since they had inbuilt drivers for it.The mouse starts working automatically if used with the bundled adapter . Otherwise you need to pair the mouse manually . I tried using this mouse on Linux -LRB- Ubuntu 9.04 -RRB- . But does n't seem to work on the first go . Need to do some tinkering to get it work !!! To use the presentation controls and the volume button located below the mouse you need to do the following :1 -RRB- Use the button in the middle -LRB- the one behind the scroll -RRB- to freeze the regular buttons .2 -RRB- Install the bundled software and it works.I like the built in laser beam which I can use for presenting a PPT . The mouse has 3 different colors on it -LRB- Black , Silver and Dark Gray -RRB- . So it would match the color of most of the laptops -LRB- Just in case you are specific about this -RRB- . It also comes with a very cute looking carry case and a hand strap.Suggested Products to buy along with this : Cirago Bluetooth BTA3210 v2 .1 EDR Class 2 Micro Bluetooth Adapter . Use this bluetooth adapter just in case you want a very small bluetooth adapter that totally hides itself when you plug into the USB port !!!
 Hi , It 's almost perfect in : - Size
 Great Product ! works great . connects to my internal bluetooth flawlessly . great features . arrived quickly and the price was a pleasant surprise
 This presenter mouse is a very good mouse . It is well made and has many features on it . These features allow you to control many different functions on the computer without a lot of unnecessary button presses . The one drawback I have with this mouse is it 's size . It is very small , and if you have large hands -LRB- like I do -RRB- this will cause some problems . Also , This mouse can connect via a bluetooth dongle . Overall a great mouse !
 I use this mouse quite often . It is sensitive so you do not need to move your hand a lot . I also like the presentation mode , though you need to be aware to switch between mouse mode and presentation mode.The only minus I could find is the location of the button that switches between mouse mode and presentation mode . When in presentation mode and you hold the mouse up side down , there is a good chance that you will press the button that moves between the modes by accident and get to mouse mode .
 Unlike the previous review , I also use a Logitech wireless optical mouse , and it works great as it should . The jelly thing is pretty comfortable under the wrist but i wish it can be a bit softer.I do have one minor issue , it 's a relatively smaller mouse mat as my mouse is literally hanging around at the top edge of the mat .
 After searching for a decent fountain pen , I have finally found one . I like the medium nib and I especially like the convertable cartridge to ink well feature . Having learned how to write with a fountain pen I much prefer it to a ballpoint , but , unfortunately , todays cards and papers are not all prepared to take the ink without bleeding.I 'm sorry others had such poor luck with this item . As for me I 'm quite satisfied .
 These are definitely the Cadillac of labels , but since I bought these I have purchased some of the generic labels that are also available through Amazon . If you do n't need the nice cardboard package to store them in and the TrueBlock feature -LRB- I use them only on new envelopes so I do n't have any old writing to cover up -RRB- of these Averys you can save some bucks with the generics .
 I use these as labels for bottles . It is the perfect size for labeling 12.7 ounce bottles . The positive points are :1 - They do not jam , bend or otherwise get messed up during the printing cycle .2 - They peel easily from the sheet , but stick VERY firmly to glass .3 - They are thick enough so that they can be applied to bottles smoothly with no wrinkles . This is a HUGE advantage over some other types of labels we have tried .4 - The 5264 template is built in to most major software packages . Setting up the labels for printing was a breeze.The negatives are
 Our town 's energy committee recently had a project for which we needed about 250 peel-off labels . Our plan was to distribute 250 CFL -LRB- compact fluorescent -RRB- light bulbs free at our town 's community day -LRB- sort of like a street fair -RRB- in order to encourage people to use the bulbs to reduce electricity use . CFL light bulbs can save about 75 percent on electricity over incandescent bulbs . For the 250 bulbs , we calculated that for 8000 hours of use and an electric cost of $ 0.10 / KWh the total savings vs. 100 watt incandescent bulbs for all the bulbs would be about $ 15,000 . There would also be a saving of 94 tons of carbon dioxide emission.Avery Address Labelswere a good choice for adding a label indicating the savings for using the bulbs and our committee 's name . The question was how to get the information printed on the labels . At the Avery web site , I found free software , DesignPro , which makes it possible to produce label designs for different label sizes . I downloaded the software easily and got started on the designFor the labels , there were about a dozen pre-made templates for the different size labels . I chose the template that matched my labels . Using DesignPro was a little like using PowerPoint . I was able to cut and paste a graphics image , add the appropriate text , and choose a font for the text . A test run on my printer produced a beautiful matrix of labels . The only problem was to find out which side of the label stock had to be up . I can never remember . After an up/down test , I had my sheets of labels printed in no time.Our community day give-away was a big success . Our free light bulbs lasted about four hours . We were able to peel the labels from the printed sheets easily . There was enough time to peel and apply the labels as we gave away the CFLs . One surprise is that we had to have a sales pitch even for give-aways . The other surprise was that many people had never seen CFLs before . I am now a big fan of Avery labels , but I recommend getting the free software to make them work .
 It is a good product . And it is something that everybody needs , not only for letters but also to mark things .
 Works great in my color laser printer . I can print full and partial sheets . They are a standard size and most printers will print fine on them .
 I bought these for work . They are great . They cover up old labels so you can reuse envelopes if you need to . We also use them as labels on folders for new clients . It is much better than offbrands . Will keep buying this products .
 Avery makes a shipping label template that is easy to use on the computer . I just plug the sheet of labels into my printer and the job gets done . Avery products are always dependable .
 These opaque labels are great for when you are re-using a container and you need to cover previous labels or markings . Cost is reasonable for sheet-fed laser printers .
 Obviously packaging is the issue . We 've ordered one and sent it back due to a big dent on the side . Got another one , same story . Otherwise loved the look , seems like a well made trash can , and if there was a chance to buy without damage would be happy to have it .
 My husband lost his original pen which he really loved . The seller delivered it well before its project Amazon date .
 I have used this product for various purposes from putting on CD cases to promoting my last book on my current artist postcards . Many uses and very easy to use on Inkjet printers .
 Avery clear return address labels arrived within 2 days of order . They were well packed and in perfect order . These labels have proved extremely easy to use and are very neat and give a very professional finish to a letter or package .
 I 've used sticky back Velcro a number times over the years for projects and usually gunk up my scissors . This cut really well without the added gunk .
 I love this and have used it for many different things . The stickiness holds pretty well , though seems to diminish over time .
 Does what it says . Easy to use . I 've got stuff hanging on the walls with these things . I also use them on microfiber cloths to wrap and attach to my Swiffer mophead , instead of using the disposable pads . Could use these in LOADS of craft projects . This box will last me a long time .
 Good Quality . strong enough and Works very good . ... ...
 A TON OF VELCRO ! I 'm not sure how I 'll ever use all of this . Also cheaper then I found it for at local craft stores ! Seems very sturdy too
 I wish I got a larger roll of this stuff !! I decided to get this to hang my tv antenna on the wall and now I end up using it for everything , cords , pictures without hooks , etc , etc. . The possibilities for this stuff are endless . Neat stuff !
 I bought this for my guitar effects pedals that I wanted to ensure affixed to by gig bag and for this it does a pretty good enough job . I suppose it could be stronger at the side attached to the item as it does seem to come off some of my effects pedals more easily than others but I suppose the different surfaces account for this as well . I 've since used this for other purposes like on my bathroom tile and it has held up well so far . I guess this does as advertised and so far is quite reliable for me . No real complaints .
 Sticks fine and does what I need it to do . A good product for the price . I would purchase again .
 We use the velcro tabs to hang product signs around the bakery , and they 're constantly moving , as we shift our products around . The velcro makes them convertible and has withstood many reuses so far .
 I 've found all kinds of uses for this
 This is a great product that was developed for the Space program but has as many uses as you can think up.I bought a 15 ft roll for a very nice price on Amazon . It 's probably more those most of us will need in a lifetime but it 's always better to have more than you need.This roll has good adhesive and the hook and loop grip tight until you pull it apart . It is particularly good in automotive applications where you need something to stay where you place it like a dashmat or a GPS unit or even a cellphone or MP3 player .
 I 'm using this velcro to fasten insulated shades to my single pane windows and it really does help keep out the cold drafts !
 I bought this for my classroom to make a circle for the children to sit around . It did n't work on the rug the way I thought it would . I thought it was a waste that I spent this much money and it did n't work . I was wrong ; I found myself using it for everything , and I mean absolutely everything ; I wanted to hang a frame , so I used the velcro . I wanted to mend a broken item , I used the velcro . I used it every single day for every single need . I actually built a library corner , and everything in it is put in place with this Velcro . Two months after , it was gone ! Now I ordered another roll . It has really very strong sticky back and it wo n't fall off the wall or any other surface . It comes with the soft side and the rough side of course . I keep telling people
 I love this sticky back velcro . It 's even better than double-sided tape since I can pull off the item easily . So far , I have used it to mount a message board and also a small waste basket . The adhesive and velcro is very strong .
 Adhesive backing is pretty strong after a day or so . Easy to cut to desired length . Velcro strips are about 3/4 '' in width .
 Excellent strength and very easy to use . I love this stuff ! You can use it for anything !! I would recommend this to a friend !
 This stuff is so handy and the glue backing is strong ... it works everywhere . Everyone should keep this stuff around at all times !! Highly recommend !
 This is a simple itam to review . It works well , there is a lot of velcro in the box , and it was at a good price . I would buy again if I needed it . Useful all over the house and car .
 The Velcro is sufficient and does it job well . I use it to stick my dry erase board on my wall so I can take it down and write on it , instead of having to struggle with my desk in the way . Unfortunately , the only draw back is if you take the velcro off the wall , it may rip the paint . However , this is expected . If you want something to stick well , you ca n't expect it to come off easily .
 sticks and holds strongbut is not completely water proof . used it on my kayak but it tend to loose and drop off the frequently splashed surface after several times of use . May be the `` industry strength '' vercro could do a better job
 I 've used this to mount and hang a number of things -LRB- some of which are not exactly light -RRB- and it works great . It 's your standard velcro and works as you 'd expect . If you 're looking for 15 feet of velcro -LRB- easily cut into smaller lengths -RRB- , you ca n't go wrong with this one .
 It really works great ! We used it to attach spotlights to the inside wall of a cabinet and it worked like a charm ! Great product !
 This Velcro product works extremely well . I have used it to mount a number of items successfully around the house and the car . It is durable and grips tightly . It can be hard on paint , so do n't use it on any important painted surfaces .
 Bought this velcro in a pinch for a project at work . If you want INDUSTRIAL strength velcro , this is the kind you want . It 's so amazingly strong .
 This stuff saves a tremendous amout of trouble when it comes to hanging little bits of equipment -LRB- like flash triggers -RRB- onto other equipment -LRB- like strobes/speedlights -RRB- . I also made my own `` speedstrap '' -LRB- gel holder -RRB- simply by taking 11/2 ' of the tape and sticking the loop half of the tape onto the back of the hooks half -LRB- resulting in a strip with hooks on one side and loops on the other -RRB- . If you need lots of these then you might try velcro cable ties , but I 'm not sure how suitable they 'd be for holding gels onto the front of a flash or other applications that do n't involve cable management . Anyway , the sticky velcro can be used to make cable ties as well as faten other objects together.Serious photographers with lighting equipment will probably want to get 15 ' of this stuff . It 'll probably get used up faster than you think.The only things I would n't use these for are certain applications that need a very tight hold . For applications where you need something to practually be glued down to something else , but still need to be able to remove it * sometimes * , Velcro Industrial Strengthis much much better . I 've used the industrial strength stuff to install some gadgets in my car and the things might as well be glued down , except for the fact that I can remove them -LRB- which takes some real force -RRB- for maintenance etc and put them back with the same glue-like level of hold .
 I 've been using this stuff for years , and I always keep it on hand . I use it for making cord and cable ties , stacking and placing electronic gear . The adhesive is very strong .
 I used to attach a wireless G range expander to a wall and work well .
 Just what I needed , and it adheres to other velcro that is sewn on . I made a sign where I could change a strip with a person 's name .
 I like having a roll of velcro around to wrap or hang items . Seems to be good quality and fair price . Fast delivery
 This product comes with both the hook and fastner sides of velcro and each side has adhesive on the back so you can stick it to what ever you want , I put it on my external hard drive to stick on the back of my computer to keep it out of the way and it works great , keeps it perfectly secure .
 Usually the adhesive used on the sticky back is weaker than the hook & loop so within a week or so your thing falls off with both sides of the velcro still attached . Not so with this stuff so far , I 've hung smallish pictures , wireless thermometer displays , various small electronics devices and they 've all held .
 Great for the classroom , great size and you can cut it to your liking . I 'm glad to have purchase it . Good purchase
 I like the hook and loop tape it has many uses . I did n't give it five stars because sometimes the hold was n't as good as I would have liked . All in all it does what it 's supposed to do and you 'll get plenty of use out of one box , I 'm sure .
 Great deal !! Can use as much or as little for the project .
 I mean , if you love velcro , then you 've already added this to your cart and quickly scanned down to see if anyone said something awful like `` there were worms in my package ! `` Well , there were no worms in mine ... just glorious sticky-back hook and loop fastener tape.I had to resist using it all at once and just cut myself a little bit at first , to hang a router on a wall.Wow , that worked a treat.Seriously , velcro is so awesome .
 I bought this so that my couch cushions would n't fall off the couch . I stuck one side to the -LRB- faux -RRB- leather and the other side to the suede . It has been on there for about 2 weeks and no problems as of yet - seems to be working great ! We waited the suggested 24 hours before sitting on the couch .
 This video here inspired me :[ ... -RSB- . What is great about it is that is still fits perfectly in its case that I have and then I can use at home with the velcro or in the car in the passenger seat , on the inside of a cupboard that I one when cooking for epicurious and other recipes , these small bathroom they have in older home , really countless way !
 These strips are easy to peel and easy to cut with scissors . The adhesive is really strong . I 'm using this item to hold Christmas candles on my windowsills.I worry a little that the adhesive might be so string that it will pull off paint if the strips are ever removed , but I do n't think that 's a detriment . These are n't being billed as `` paint safe . ''
 What can I say about Velcro ? Our graphic artists use it in some of their projects and it works as it was meant to work . What more can you ask ?
 This roll of velcro is the only way to go . It comes in a 15 foot length and has very strong adhesive . I am very pleased with this product . I am now on my second box . When I get this I always fold the two sides over on itself ... then just cut the length I need and both pieces are always the same size .
 I have used this product before and it is great to have a roll of the product to cut what you need for the task at hand . Adhesive on the sticky back is very good and adheres to most any surface very well .
 Works great for my use.I use it to mount network and telecom equipment to backboards , walls , under counters , etc. when hard mounting is not practical or desired.Works well , even in dusty , humid environments if used properly . I clean both surfaces with isopropyl alcohol first and make sure they are completely dry . Any dirt or moisture will make problems . Use at room temperature . It seems to work best if you put some pressure on it for a short time after adhering.Holds a considerable amount of weight . The roll is easy to use , cut and the strips are easy to handle.This stuff is an indispensable part of my toolkit . Highly recomment !
 The one great thing about this Velcro is the adhesive on the back side . It sticks twice as well as other so I do n't need extra surface to be sure the velcro adheres to whatever I apply it to .
 I use this velcro at work for just about everything . It is so much stronger than anything else . I use it from everything from hanging up my calendar on my corkboard to hanging up vinyl banners . Most people use those plastic zip ties for that . But I think in the long run , this velcro is more useful than a zip tie .
 This velcro is nice since they are circle shaped . I use them for my son 's PECS book . They are super strong -- more so than average velcro , so do n't plan on removing them . They were also a good deal here on Amazon .
 I 've used this velcro for a couple things around the house and garage and I have to say it does the job . The sticky part has held up very well along with the velcro . Nice thing to have around .
 This product pretty much does exactly what you think it does . It allows you to attach velcro to an object so that you can stick it somewhere . The glue is good . I can testify that it is stronger than the adhesive on duct tape . I have a relatively light object , hanging upside down with this product for about a month now , without falling . But when I tried to do the same thing with some duct-tape , it did fail .
 my daughter is a teacher and uses this on her bulletin board ... it 's great because the red matches the background color and she can change the pictures frequently using the velcro instead of push pins .
 There are so many uses for this product , it blows my mind ! It is very good , but be careful , once you stick it to something , it is not coming off ! The walls to my room are this thin plywood stuff . Hollow in between them and the outside walls , with few studs to drive a nail into . So , I needed to find a way to put up my pictures where I wanted them without using nails . In comes Velcro sticky-back stuff to the rescue ! I cut them to size , stuck them on my picture frame and then to the wall . I had to be careful , but I got them level . Now they are firmly where I want them , and unlike with nails , they wo n't fall , even in an earthquake ! The other cool thing is that if I ever move , I can just peel the frames off the velcro and take them with me . Sure , the sticky part of the velcro is still on the wall , but at least my pictures are n't to be left behind !
 ya , it works . got sticky part on the back . yup , it works like velcro cus its velcro .
 I was looking for a nicer pen but did n't want to pay too much as I have a tendency to misplace them - this fits the bill admirably . Reasonably priced compared to similar items so that the additional shipping for an external vendor was not an issue for me and I received it very quickly . Ordered late on Friday , got it Monday morning .
 This is by far the best cross pen I have ever used . Besides paying way to much I really love this pen , Thanks
 This is the nicest pen I 've used . Cross does it again ! It fits well and writes beautifully !
 I love this tape . It works great for covering writing etc on boxes so you can easily re use them for shipping
 Everyone should have a clipboard ! You never know when you need a smooth , non-textured surface to write something important - and nothing makes you look more important in a strange place than to tote a clipboard in your hand , a pen behind your ear and a confident stride . A pretty sturdy hardboard , but it does not hold up well to moisture . If you get it wet on the smooth writing surface , it will dimple and if you really get it soaked , it will turn into the world 's funkiest brown spit wad.They are so cheap , though , they 're almost like disposable clipboards - and as long as you keep them dry , they are excellent .
 I adore these pens , they are the most comfortable pens I have ever written with . I have been searching for them for almost two years now , ever since they stopped selling them at my local Wal-Mart . I 'm so glad to finally have found them ! :D !!!!!!
 i looked everywhere for these binders . . i am glad i found them , they work perfect for what we needed them for .
 This desk is exactly what I thought it would be . Simple , and has a lot of space . It 's pretty heavy , I 'd recommend at least one more person help with the assembly and moving -LRB- unless you 're moving piece by piece -RRB- . Definitely worth the price if simplicity and space is what you 're looking for . The desk looks really nice too . Good quality desk for a good price .
 this desk was actually no problem to assemble . I have done many . The construction is the best i 've seen from `` bush '' office furniture . Last desk for a long time !!!! Oh , HEAVY !!!! Have a partner to help , unless you are atleast a big human .
 I was afraid i wasnt able to find the ribbon because i hav an older model.im so pleased and happy
 I bought this fountain pen 3 years ago at $ 44 , it seems a better price than the actual $ 66 , but its nice and works to perfection , I dont use it every day and when I want to use its ready , no need heavy maintenance
 This fountain pen is the best pen I have ever used ! Of all the fountain pens on the market , Cross has outdone themselves on this one ! It writes smoothly , does n't glop up , feels good in your hand . It was well worth the money and ink refills are easy to get here at Amazon . Cross Century II Lustrous Chrome Fountain Pen with Stainless Steel Nib - Medium -LRB- 3509-MS -RRB-
 very nice , affordable and classy instrument for the everyday handwriting moments ... the fountain pen comes with the pipe that allow to sink into color bottles , for the most convenient and economic refill ... i feel happy with it .
 I needed something to collect payments in . This works perfectly . The product arrived promptly and in great condition . I like that I can wall mount or stand on a counter .
 At my company , we use these boxes for our Payment Drop boxes at multiple locations . They are strongly built and very durable metal boxes . The lock and key are very smooth and simple to open . We have absolutely no complaints !
 The Tops Green Legal Pad is as pictured . I work in a courthouse and find the green to be less stressful to the eyes than the plain yellow and even the pink , blue , or purple paper - particularly when using blue ink .
 I was n't expecting these pads to be so large , they are 8 by 10 size , or the size of a regular sheet of paper ! I was expecting these pads to be about 8 by 5 inches , so that I can put them into a notepad file holder that I have , but I guess I 'll be using these on their own . This information was n't in the item description , so I had to leave off one star . You get 12 pads in one order ! So that is alot of pads for the money !
 I used to think it was just the color . It is so much nicer to write when I am looking at the lovely lavender pages . Now I think it 's both the color and the paper itself . Some paper is too porous , the ink ca n't flow on smoothly . Some paper is too slick and the ink smears . This paper is just right .
 The light grey color really seems to reduce the glare as compared to white or yellow pads . When doing a lot of writing , I have less eye fatigue My friend feels the same way . This color is usually hard to find so I was thrilled to find it on Amazon .
 Nice sturdy product and very useful . Would have loved it more if it had more pockets for card holders .
 This item arrived with a couple chunks missing off the side of it , so it 's hard to rate it ... do n't know if it was the product 's fault or the packing/handling . Looks like it would have been nice if it was n't broken .
 I was ordering this because I wanted 3-hole punch paper ; the only stuff available at the local office store was n't great . I was impressed with the thickness , brightness and glossy finish of this paper . Unlike others , I found it to be a nice weight , with no problem with bleeding -LRB- I have a duplex printer -RRB- , curling etc. . Package arrived in perfect shape . Personally I would recommend this paper - just make sure you get the holes on the correct side of the printer !
 Using it for PTA documents in school office and it 's the ideal holder for several documents . Would highly recommend product .
 I recently bought a new printer and I tried this paper to go along with it . I am very impressed . In fact , this multipurpose 92 brightness paper by Xerox gives you something to sing about ! I use this paper with my inkjet printers ; and I can use it to make signs to tape to my front door indicating to delivery people which doorbell to ring!The paper is not expensive for all the ten reams that you get ; and it almost never jams in my printer at home . Nevertheless , I always fan the paper to make sure that it does n't jam . After I fan the paper to make sure two pieces of paper are n't stuck to each other , then I place it in my inkjet printer.In addition , this paper can also be used in laser printers , copiers and plain paper fax machine . Each page is a clean cut 8 inches by 11 inches . Great!This paper never `` goes stale , '' so stock up on it if you can catch a sale on it . Moreover , this is excellent paper that avoids ink from smearing as it is printed on the page . It stores particularly well in the heavy duty , thick cardboard box in which it comes . Great !
 Perfect multipurpose bright white paper , reports stand out LOL . There are 10 reams in the carton , which of course makes it somewhat heavy . The carton was taped well but after opening the carton you could see some outer covers of some reams were slightly torn -LSB- could have resulted in shift movement via transit by rail or loading/unloading process at shipping point -RSB- BUT the paper itself was not damaged . Feel for the delivery guys and loader/unloaders . Other than that , great price !
 We thought our HP Photosmart printer ink was the cause of the ink smearing when wet , but were pleasantly surprised when that problem went away with this paper . This is good high quality paper . The only issue I have is that the paper in some of the reams is slightly bent in the corners , a result of carelessness during handling and delivery of the paper .
 This paper works very well in my printer and copier . I have reordered twice and the delivery is prompt and without any big problems . Have had bent corners of carton from shipping but not an issue for me . The price is outstanding . I recommend this product
 This was a smart choice . The paper quality is excellent . I think it is better than the major office supply chain brands . It is made in the U.S. by Xerox . The cost was even less than the store brands . And , it was delivered to my door . I highly recommend it .
 I was a little leery about purchasing paper through the internet ; and some of the reviews about the paper arriving in less than satisfactory condition made me pause . However , I decided to take a chance . The box arrived promptly , and was a bit banged up but not so bad as to ruin the contents . I would order paper again from Amazon.com , and hope that the delivery service , i.e. , UPS or FedEx , would not toss it around too much as to ruin the paper inside . This is probably one product that should be double packed , i.e. , box within a box , to insure less damage .
 Looks like these packages are thrown around while in transit . Arrived with busted reems . Amazon was very helpful and refunded us the damaged amount . Great paper though - I would buy again , and again . Still cheaper than Office Max .
 Experimenting for the best print quality for the value , many brands of paper combinations have been tried . Brands found at staples , Walmart and office suppy with different brighness and weight , either feel like sand paper , end up stacked to thick , or dont have the right texture and color balance . I print on average 800 to 1000 color / black & white pages per month and either staple or bind documents together so thickness , ink clarity , and feel are important.The Xerox 4200 line of paper combined with laser technology are by far the best companion tools for serious printing jobs . In addition , buying in bulk has been the best economic choice . Thanks Xerox for a quality product .
 This was the best pack of paper for the cost , and the Amazon Prime helped with shipping cost . The paper itself is perfect , we use it at our shop for both inkjet and laser printers !
 I ca n't give this five stars cuz you can certainly buy better paper . It is hard to beat the value though .
 I have been using my pentel 0.9 mm automatic pencil for a year now , and I love it !! There are two great components . One is the lead - that at 0.9 wo n't break and a retractable eraser that is ... I do n't know ... 4 or 5 times longer than the standard pencil-top eraser , with the bottom end being knob-like , keeps it securely in place . The best part is that it erases better than any other eraser I have had .
 These are great erasers to use and they last a relatively long time . They do not smudge and come out of the pencil easily without much friction . Changing the eraser is easy and the thinner tip is made so it locks in place so it wo n't come out when you 're using it . Great buy !
 I 'm particular about my pencils . I 've had the same 2 pencils for the last 3 years -LRB- Pentel side fx -RRB- and I need to replace the eraser ever so often . I never checked an office store -LRB- do n't have one near me -RRB- but I used to be able to get these at Wal-Mart or even the grocery store near me , now I ca n't find them in stores . These erasers I bought on Amazon are the exact same ones I used to get in stores , they fit perfectly and are a great price.I was worried I would n't be able to find them on Amazon but not to fret because I did , and they were prime eligible.These are the erasers you need if you have the Pentel Side Fx mechanical pencils !
 These erasers are readily avail&aacute;ble for frequent use when I 'm doing word and sudoko puzzles . They give off very little messy residue and do almost no damage to paper , even newsprint . I also love the way they last a long time . These erasers are truly a quality product . Will always stick to the Pentel brand from now on .
 Tremendous value and a great product . I do a lot of sketching and these are the greatest erasers for me .
 I have a small business doing legal forms plus I 'm a full time online student . Lots of paperwork ! I received my order in just a couple of days at a fraction of prices elsewhere . Thank you !!
 It is good paper . I just wish I could have found a smaller package because I do not have any use for this much .
 Office supply stores prices for this size paper was too expensive ; great price through Amazon , plus I received it the next day !
 These work just fine . I only wish they were a little thicker . Next time I will look for some thicker ones .
 I own a GBC laminator and found the GBC pouches harder to find locally after 4-5 years . I love these pouches for luggage tags . They are big , tough , and come with a hang strap . I make custom labels and tags on the computer and then laminate them for our family . They also make great gifts .
 These work great for making stage passes / VIP passes / staff & volunteer passes . You do need a hot laminating machine , but do n't let poor reviews discourage you from purchasing this product , because they really are amazing for the right application .
 I order these every single year for heavy use in an office setting . Perfect binders , never fail . Wish they had more colors !
 At just 36 pages , I did n't think it would be all that impressive . Wow , was I wrong . This is the most informative , easy to read and use sky guide out there . It is written in an easy style that does n't talk down to the audience . Someone picking up this booklet is obviously interested in astronomy , some sky guides act like ad copy for the hobby of astronomy.The guide has numerous chartlets to show you how to navigate the constellations to find interesting stars and deep sky objects . -LRB- The Deneb Connection , The Orion Connection , Finding Andromeda Galaxy , Leo and the Hydra Void , Follow the Arc , Auriga and Gemini , Sagittarius - Serpens - Scutum -RRB- The authors explain and show seasonal differences in the sky , hand and telescope navigation techniques , fields of view , etc. . Of course there are star maps , circumpolar , and mercator projections , set up to view for each date.But one of the best parts of the book are the tables of data - most arranged in Right Ascension order . The 50 brightest stars ; star magnitudes ; greek alphabet , best double and multiple stars ; best open clusters ; brightest planetary nebula ; best globular clusters ; star pronunciation guide.This guide is so useful , I 'm considering laminating my copy , as it 's getting ragged from use .
 Here 's a way to hang on to the thrill of watching the Steelers win all year long !
 These pads really are TOPS . They have a sturdy backer for good support . The perforation line on each sheet tares away easily and cleanly . Gel ink does not bleed through to the other side and the paper fiber resists smudging . The 12 pack is the best buy , but you wind up with a lot of single color pads . I highly recommend these pads for their quality and size . They are a great size for hospital bed use .
 This pads are great quaality and just the right size ! Love the `` little bit of color '' on my desk without being `` unprofessional '' .
 Very pretty paper and it fits perfectly in my day runner . Quality is a lot better and more durable than pads that come with day runners .
 Originally , I got this set more for the pen than for the keychain . Both are styled very nicely . But , the keychain has turned out to be my favorite of the two pieces . Very compact , stylish , holds lots of keys
 The pen is pretty good for signing your name , filling checks , and so on , therefore it is an ideal gift for girls . However , the key ring is also small that makes it does n't work well .
 This sign holder is slightly slanted , and the base is about 2.5 inches from front to back . The slant makes it easier to read if it 's sitting on a counter or desk.The acrylic that this is made with is very good quality ; it 's very clear , about 1/8 inch thick and quite light weight.If your sign holder will be in an area where it will get jostled around a whole lot , or will be subjected to heavy use , you might want to consider a heavy weight sign holder.However , if , like me , you just need a sign holder for ordinary , light-use purposes , this sign holder will work fine . I 'm very pleased with it and would n't hesitate to buy another . -LRB- In fact , I 'm now planning to buy this same brand in a couple other sizes as well . -RRB-
 I was skeptical when I got this as a present , but after seven years it turns out to be my most often used pen.I have medium-sized hands -LRB- men 's glove size `` medium '' -RRB- and this pen has the exact right heft and balance for me . I write lots of long-hand drafts of reports , and the rollerball gel ink is perfect for fast , smooth , legible writing.After years of use , it still polishes up to a beautiful gold shine , and the normal scratches of wear and tear over the years are tiny and unnoticeable . This is a well-plated pen.The cap fits just right on the bottom of the pen when used for writing , giving the pen the appropriate weight distribution from writing tip o top that makes writing effortless and tireless.I really thought some of the higher priced pens I had were going to be used more , but this design has stood the test of time and preference . I am considering buying another for a highlighter -LRB- Cross makes highlighter inserts for the `` rollerball '' line.Excellent design , and an excellent gift .
 I am a teacher and I use the different colors especially when doing math and grammar/spelling/writing . Expo has always been good quality dry-erase markers .
 No complaints at all ! They were nice quality and nice colors . All work well . Would purchase again .
 very very low odor - you have to put up to your nose - great for road trips and kids when usinga white board - ended up purchasing 6 sets for different kiddos -
 Any teacher would love the variety of colors in this set . They enhance drawing on the whiteboard and the kids love to use them , too .
 We purchased these for my 2.5 year old to use on her white board and she loves them . The color variety is good and they write well . I only wish there were an automatic cap replacement option as she routinely leaves the caps off and they get dried out . This is not fault of the marker , just of my toddler :-RRB- .
 Bought this set for my office and the markers are great . Even the ones Ive used most often are still not drying out and are as new . Hopefully they last a few years for me .
 The package is very complete and the colors ar beautifull . I recommend itLos marcadores son de muy buena calidad
 I love the colors , and the vibrancy of the ink . I assume that if stored properly , they should last a good long time .
 I boght this markets because I teach at the university and their variety of colors let me write better on the whiteboard ...
 i ordered these for my room because i have a white board in it and i like to write notes on it with different colors . I ordered this on friday and it came yesterday ! it was so quick and i was very pleased ! When i tested them all out they were all perfect ! none of them had no ink they were great ! i do recommend this product !
 These markers are great ! They do n't have a strong smell and they are the perfect wetness when you get them ! I Love these markers and will be buying them again !
 My daughter uses these for her easel . After she creates her works of art , she is not always deligent in using the caps ; therefore , I have purchased many of the expo markers . I have tried other brands but expo seems to have a consistent performance .
 This package was great for my kids 's school supply requirements . They each needed to bring in 4 markers and this allowed them to choose the colors they wanted and still left some for replenishment later in the school year . At the time I bought these , it was a brainless move to purchase the set instead of several packages .
 These were just as advertised . Markers come in a good selection of colors and produce a strong color on my glass whiteboard.I especially like these because they are low-odor -LRB- the regular ones give me a headache -RRB- and the chisel tip allows me to write a lot in a small space , while still making things easy to see . These are my favorite markers so far , and at a very fair price , too . So far , they seem very durable and long-lasting . One caution - as the package states , markers should be stored horizontally . Get these !
 Being a teacher , these markers work wonders for both white boards in our classrooms and for the white boards we have in our home for our children to play school with . They are vibrantly colored , the highest quality marker , and they do not run out of liquid for a long period of time.They are GREAT ! Just a word of caution , these are hard to get out of couch or other living room furniture material ; use on and/or near washable surfaces .
 My daughter actually bought these to use at her work as a hostess.She brings them back and forth to work -LRB- her restaurant has crappy ones -RRB- . She loves the colors and the price was great !
 Purchases these for my daughter 's dry erase board because we wanted some girly colors . Very happy with the variety and color choices .
 one of the pens was dry . Not worth it for me to return as my kids wanted to use them right away , but a bit of a bummer . Otherwise , they are wonderful !
 My daughter 's 6th grade english teacher always has a wishlist with Expo markers on it . I was so pleased to find them on Amazon at an amazing price and to receive them 2 days later for free with my Prime membership ! What a great deal !!
 These markers write nicely and do not dry out over time . Also , their tips do not break down like some markers do .
 Package arrived very fast . . I bought them for my 6 yr old daughter and she loves the colors !!! The package very good ... and wen i checked out ALL the markers . . WOW . . beautiful colors they all worked great none came dry . . I rlly liked these . . I would buy again no doubt . .
 These markers are great , the colors are very nice and they wipe off so easily with just a tissue . I 'm so glad I bought them and would buy them again .
 I just got a HUGE whiteboard in my schoolroom -LRB- thanks to my handy hubby -RRB- and these work fine for our needs . They are exactly what you expect from Expo markers . All the colors are nice , they look like their caps . I was skeptical after reading some reviews but then I decided , you ca n't please some people and ordered anyway . No complaints at all here .
 I 've been using these for the past few months . Overall , I 'm pleased . I do wish the orange would last longer . It ran out already , even though some of my markers are still going strong . It 's my students ' favorite color , which might be the cause . As such , I really wish they had more orange in the package . Or another light green . That one died ages ago . As one other person mentioned , I 'm a tutor , and tend to use the nontraditional colors more , as it distinguishes my work from what is already on the board .
 My local stores do not sell anything but black , red , and blue expo markers . These are great , as I am a teacher and it gets boring writing with simply 3 colors every class . This is helpful to highlight points , draw diagrams , and draw emphasis to lessons .
 As the title suggests , the product is good for the most part . You get the usual colors -LRB- red , green , blue , and black -RRB- . The `` expansion '' colors are nice as well , though for some reason I expected a greater range of colors . Without a doubt , these colors stand out from the usual , which is great for me as I am a tutor who needs to differentiate my work from others.However , one of my quibbles would be that one of the markers went temporarily dry . Maybe it could have been the fact that I was using it on a very dirty board or something , but the marker went temporarily dry . As a easy fixer , all I did was stored it vertically till it started working as usual -LRB- then you store it horizontally as you 're supposed to -RRB- . Another thing that I would have liked is to have a yellow in this pack and maybe some sort of blue . I mean if you think about it , there are more shades of red and purple than blue and green . A little balance would be nice , that 's all.Nonetheless , I find the product to be pretty good , especially since the product arrived much earlier than expected .
 I just purchased the plastic key tabs to replace tabs I use in a metal slotted rack . They were exactly what I needed and I can now replace all the old ones I no longer need . You can write on these tabs . Great ! Thanks !
 The Cross Pen I got is very good . The key chain is very shiny and stylish . The Cross Pen and the Key chain form a nice accessory for a formal wear .
 Dome Simplified Home Budget Book Is not a Single entry bookeeping system or one that you can make entries with the Check numbers , date , and description of entry . Therefore , I have ordered A Dome Simplified BooKeeping Record No. 612 . It came today . I have also Ordered , a Zip Code Directory # 5100 , Dome Tax Deductions File # 910 , & 40978 & 40979Household Buget & Record . It is not mature as a exact financial record -LRB- s -RRB- . I want a accurate record of my Income & Expenditures to control my Budget beyond my Check Register.The Zip Code Directory & other Bookeeping Products I have not received yet.I have Taken out your Products Advertising Page , raised the price50 % , & will print it with order form , & Price List to my address . Selling it by Direct Mail & Canvas.Writing with Highest Regards !! Cordially , Mervin R. BrameCordially , Mervin Rozell Brame , DD , COCU -LRB- Consultation on Church Union -RRB-
 It was difficult to find this in the stores . I was very satisfied with my order . It came promptly .
 For a long time , I have been trying to get my spending under control . Everytime I began , I felt like I was inventing the wheel , for I did not know how many categories of spending to track , nor what I was going to track them with . I did n't feel like purchasing a computer program that may crash and really would n't help that much , but trying to create a budget shee from scratch proved daunting . One day , while shopping at Office Depot , I found this book , and I will forever be thankful.The accounting book already has categories and is arranged for easy entry of daily expenses . Using the categories given , and one extra for Credit Cards , my wife and I have created a wonderful budgeting system . We cebelebrate days when there are no entries , and we are amazed at how quickly savings can increase once the money is being tracked . I recommend this book for everyone who is striving to get their finances in order . Do n't buy another how-to book on budgeting , buy this book which is an essential , invaluable tool for following through on your goal . And for about $ 5 , it is an incredible deal .
 This is a really good home budget planner . Besides space to record monthly expenses and totals , there is pages of tax information -LRB- ten most common omissions on tax returns , comparison of what the average deductions are for income ranges , education tax incentives , how childs income is taxed etc -RRB- , a page on 20 ways to save on your food bill , pages to record yearly tax deductions -LRB- medical , interest , child care , etc -RRB- , and two pockets for you to keep you reciepts , etc. I have been using this book for 5 years and have n't found a better budget book than this one . If you really want to know where you money is going and how to save money , this is the book for you .
 If you want a home budget book , I recommend this one highly . My only complaint is that it does n't have enough choices . The utilities are lumped together and there is n't an entry for all of them , such as `` cable '' . I could have used a couple of more blank columns for our individualized expenses , such as internet and cell phones . I chose to cross out some of the ones I used less such as `` household expense '' and `` loans '' to use for other items I need to keep track of.For the price , though , it ca n't be beat and makes book keeping for the math challenged -LRB- that would be moi -RRB- much , much easier .
 I 've looked at tons of different budget books and the Dome is the one I chose . For me the stark layout was a bit too much so I highlighted the weeks in different colors . I do n't need all the categories for different utilities because mine are bundled with my rent . I just used white out and wrote my own category in for things like online shopping , post office fees and eating out . I also use a red pen for all my credit card purchases and then pay off the card at the end off the week so I never carry a balance . I set a monthly budget and then break it down by the week . I put the starting amount at the top and then add up how much I spent and write if I 'm over or under . If I 'm over , I subtract the amount I 'm over from the rest of the weeks . If I 'm under I put the extra money in savings . I also use the space between the week boxes at the top to show how much money I have left in the monthly budget . At the bottom of the page I also keep track of how much money I currently have in my checking account.I keep the budget and control the money in our family but my husband earns the money so it makes us both feel better about our money when we can see at a glance how much is being spent and where it is going.Setting up a budget is not easy or fast but it is absolutely worth the time . Keep a budget that works for you that way you will use it . I will be taking a couple of these Dome home budget books with me when I move back overseas .
 We have used this budget book for over 30 years . I can track spending , save , and anticipate future expenditures . We never made much money but have been able to save and retire with sufficient income to travel and enjoy life . I think this method made our finances easier .
 I love my budget book . For those of us who really need to start with the basics of budgeting it is perfect . Easy to use to track spending and income .
 This is pretty useful recorekeeping system . However , it was a bit time consuming for me . I prefer Quicken Home and Business where I can subcategorize and have pc calculate budget for me.I had Home Budget Book for couple of years and it made budgeting simple . Anybody who are interested in keeping financial situation under control should own this book
 I bought this because I had no clue how to budget properly . Everything I found was all `` digital '' that 's great but if you do n't have the concepts all the digital cool features do n't help . IMHO it 's like only learning to to division using an excel spreadsheet.This book breaks it down and forces you to write what you spend , manually add and track . It takes me about 3 minutes a day , about as long as to check my bank account via smart phone . Every couple of days I reconcile it with my online bank account -LRB- hey I 'm not that against electronic -RRB- , and I am finally tracking what I spend ! And I am able to reconcile with bank account and actually kind-of stick to a budget.Only critique is that it does n't seem to have an annual roll-up sheet where you can track the sums of each month . Would be nice to know how much annually I spend in each category at a glancePS write in pencil : - -RRB-
 I bought this budget book to help my husband and I actually track where are money was going . Instead of just writing down amounts in a category this book gives you both a category and a day to write the actual amounts in . So if we eat out say several times a month we write the amounts in the category and then with the corresponding day . It gives me a quick glance ability to see how often we are actually eating out , or how often we buy gas , etc. .
 This budget book is easy to use and understand . The tips on taxes section is simply written , even for clueless people like me .
 I use these budget books for my home budget . They may not be on the computer , but to date I have n't found a suitable budget program . These books are very easy to use , so they 're perfect for my needs .
 I really like this product . It has a lot of useful things . I think its the best budget book i have seen yet . Thank you for the timely delivery . The only thing this product needs is some blank spaces to add other things that are different with my budget ... easily fixed with white out and a pen . Thank you .
 I 'm a month into it . Seems good so far , great for keeping track of category spending through the year , but think I will keep to my other budgeting systems.The IRS forms and suggestions has been helpful so far.I do with there were more lines for adding categories that I need , some do n't really apply for me -LRB- or maybe need an update -RRB- .
 I have used this budget book for years to keep track of my daily expenses only . Budgeting is out of the question . Unfortunately , when I went to order it from Amazon , only one was available which I ordered . Would have liked to order a 2 more for future use.Great , efficient service from Amazon , however .
 All I can say is the book is great ! Nice easy layout , love all the breakdowns & additional space for something not already written out ... great price , great product !!!
 This budget book is just what I need to keep track of my everyday expenses and to plan my budget accordingly .
 The Dome Budget Book is very useful to us . We have just purchased a home and being able to actually see where our money is going will help us stay within our budget . Thank you .
 This product was just what I was looking for and provided me more . It was priced and of VERY good quality . It was hard for me to find something that allowed to have an area to plan for savings as well as have a place to put receipts and calculate for the end of year totals . Will order from this seller again .
 I have used these Budget Books for years but can not find them in the local stores anymore . Ordering on-line was a very quick and easy way to get one and it was here just in a couple days .
 This is just what I needed to keep track of my bills and finances . The size is perfect ... not too small to see , not to large to get in my way . The pocket in the back page is the perfect size to put envelopes in it to hold any upcoming bills . it is simple and easy to use and since purchasing this book I have been able to get a lot of my spending under control and have not had a late payment yet !
 My store stopped carrying the Dome book . I used the one they did have last year and never did like it . I 'm so glad I found the Dome on your website . I 'm using it this year and it 's great for my needs .
 The basic design of this budget book is good . Because we are older we do n't need many of the printed categories such as child care , education , rent , loans , etc. . I have used white-out tape on those.I find the spaces TOO small . The book could be 8 or 9 inches in depth with a cooresponding change in length to allow more space to write.My hunt for a good home budget book was long and disappointing until I found this one , so I am grateful for the design being workable.Overall I am glad it was available .
 I have been using this budget book for several years and depend on it to keep me on track and to see at a glance what my spending habits are , and what I can do each month . It is easy and visually clear .
 Althought I could never stay on track with this , when I did it was very effective , A saving account part would of been great thought , I think that was the only thing that was missing . besides that I loved it .
 It is all theat was expected I have used ledgers for a while yet this is the first time with Dome.So far it has work out well . The product shiped quickly and had no problems .
 The Dome budget book is handy when you later do taxes . Great for tracking expenses in different areas comparaing spending throughout the year and year to year .
 This is a very handy book for keeping track of monthly expenses . My wife prefers a paper method over using a computer program . The vender on this order was very fast and we are fully satisfied with the experience .
 The Dome Home Budget Book arrived sooner that expected and was in excellent condition . Great book for those who have not converted to computer entry ! Very pleased .
 I used these labels to make a list of the songs I had burned to a cd . I then stuck the list on a paper cd case . They worked perfectly .
 The loop scissors that I purchased from your company are great . I have several autistic students who have very poor fine motor skills . But , with your loop scissors my students felt a sense of accomplishment . They were able to cut independently !! Thanks for a great product .
 Arrived in great condition . I 'm getting a lot of use out of these .
 These have proven to be an excellent piece of equipment . They are durable , stable as a counter stand item , and suitable for wall hanging as well .
 IT IS EXACTLY THE SAME AS HOW IT LOOKS ON THE PICTURE . I AM SO HAPPY THAT IT ARRIVED ONLY IN 1 DAY !
 Bottom line
 I searched far and wide for something to elevate my 24 '' Apple LED Cinema Display . Every other monitor riser I looked at is some plastic piece of crap that does n't do justice to the beautiful Apple display . Having said that , this stand is indeed a cheap -LRB- though not inexpensive -RRB- knockoff of the Apple design . It 's basically a painted piece of industrial grade metal that is trying to look like the gorgeous material out of which the Apple display stand is made . But again , it 's the closest thing you are going to find until Rain Design Inc. decides to make a monitor stand -LRB- and not just their uber-cool MacBook stands -RRB- . Of course , if you do n't give a hoot about looks , just set you monitor on a phone book and be done with it . : - -RRB-
 This is a simple solution to eliminate clutter . Well constructed . However my only minor gripe is the way the USB router is positioned on the inside . The AC plug connection faces the inside rather than the back , so your Mac Mini needlessly is pushed to the left of the housing to make room for the cord . Otherwise , a great simple and space saving solution
 On my desk , I have the Laptuk Pro with a keyboard , a Kindle , and a Wacom Bamboo tablet within and a 23 '' monitor on top . To the right , I have this thing with my Mac Mini and an OWC external drive within and another 23 '' monitor in portrait orientation on top . I 'm glad I bought this thing . It is super thick , heavy metal that could probably stop a rifle round . It does what it should without a problem . My only criticism is that the USB extension adapter takes up valuable real estate within the enclosure . Other than that , this thing is about good enough to justify the high price . I 'm glad I bought it . My desk looks awesome . Alternately , you can stack this on top of the Laptuk Pro model perfectly . I 'm not sure if that is what they intended , but it does work out that way . Another criticism would be that the USB to mini-USB cable included should be twice as long and twice as thick . Also , the USB ports on the Laptuk Pro are shallow and loose . They seem better on this one , even though it appears to be the same USB adapter soldered in . For this amount of money , they could invest in better components , in my opinion . Overall , I say buy it . I could even see myself buying another one of these to house my external DVD drive , especially if I wanted to add a third monitor , which I do n't .
 This stand helps make room on my desktop by providing a space for my Mac Mini below it and a space on the footer of the monitor for my CD/DVD drive . And of course it raises the monitor so that I am inclined to sit up straight . The USB connectors on the right side are quite handy , though they are only USB 2 . People who complained about the workmanship and color match with the Apple design must have gotten a lemon . Mine seems to be well made and matches fine .
 This product is great . It 's holds my 27 &#34; iMac nicely and brings it up to eye level with ease . I 'd recommend it to anyone.The USB ports on the side are a nice convenience as well , and my wireless mac keyboard fits in the opening .
 What can you say about hanging pockets . They were as described and perform well in the file cabinet . Quality seems as good as ever .
 Overall I 'm pleased with this product . Would recommend it to others . My only complaint is with how stiff they are . You would really have to stuff your paperwork in there in order to get the full 31/2 inches .
 It does what it 's supposed to , not too much to say about this , except that I with they were n't so expensive .
 The product is just as described . It is a good product for a good price . Nothing out of the ordinary .
 I am a teacher and have 240 students . I keep track of work completed by giving a stamp ; I 'd say that I give 2-3 stamps per week , so we 're talking about 600 stamps PER WEEK . This stamp lasted all though the first 9 week grading period - that 's 5400 uses !
 This cabinet looks great in our bathroom , very clean and classic . You will need to assemble it -LRB- took about an hour -RRB- . The drawer is somewhat sticky because it is not on a roller - simply a wooden slide system . However this should improve over time.Overall , I am happy with the purchase .
 I purchased the Cosco 2000 Plus Two-Color Type Size 1 Micro Dater -LRB- 010170 -RRB- and am very pleased with my purchase . I actually bought 3 of them . They are small in size but date stamp incoming documents `` received '' or there are other word options , plus the date . Although you manually change the date everyday , it is perfect for our office use and an ideal size . It stamps blue/red ink which we like as well . I would definitely purchase again if needed or recommend to any office staff !
 just as described , small compact , multiple uses . You only get to choose one word to put on this stamp though , not easy to change headings .
 This stamp is the perfect size for what we needed . It 's smaller than most date stamps and allows us to choose if we need it to say recieved , faxed , etc. . We love it !
 Great chair ! We have Aeron chairs at work and so am familiar with them . I wanted one for home use and found that the prices from the Amazon vendors were competitive . Amazon does n't sell the polished version , so I got it from the Backstore through amazon . The chair came in perfect condition , brand new from the factory and was still in original wrapping . Was afraid it might be used , but no worries . The chair itself is gorgeous in polished aluminum and the posture fit feels better than the regular lumbar support that we have at work . The leather arm rest are nicer too , but do n't know its longevity . I wonder if that 's why they sell replacement armrests here at amazon . Overall great price and service . If you like the Aeron , its safe to order from amazon .
 A desk chair is a hugely challenging purchase , especially for people that spend long hours in it , or those with back problems . Some chairs feel great at the store , but after the first 8 hour day of sitting in it you realize that it was a huge mistake . Other chairs are comfortable for the first week that you use them , and then you start suffering from inexplicable back problems or restlessness . Others feel great for the purchaser , but awful to the recipient.This chair is great , because it is the proven and trusted one stop solution for an office chair . It might be the cheapest ergonomic chair , or even the best for every person , but it is a consistant pleaser . The ` safe bet ' of office chairs . Since they started selling it in 1994 , it has become the standard in offices around the world . It is the default for people and companies who want to get the most out of themselves and their employees.There are other `` ergonomic '' chairs out there that are probably just as good as this one , maybe even for less money , but if you want the sure thing , this is the way to go . I highly recommend it , unless you want to spend the next 4 months trying out a variety of other chairs to find a better match .
 A desk chair is a hugely challenging purchase , especially for people that spend long hours in it , or those with back problems . Some chairs feel great at the store , but after the first 8 hour day of sitting in it you realize that it was a huge mistake . Other chairs are comfortable for the first week that you use them , and then you start suffering from inexplicable back problems or restlessness . Others feel great for the purchaser , but awful to the recipient.This chair is great , because it is the proven and trusted one stop solution for an office chair . It might be the cheapest ergonomic chair , or even the best for every person , but it is a consistant pleaser . The ` safe bet ' of office chairs . Since they started selling it in 1994 , it has become the standard in offices around the world . It is the default for people and companies who want to get the most out of themselves and their employees.There are other `` ergonomic '' chairs out there that are probably just as good as this one , maybe even for less money , but if you want the sure thing , this is the way to go . I highly recommend it , unless you want to spend the next 4 months trying out a variety of other chairs to find a better match .
 But a good idea for turning hanging folders into excellent doc holders .
 This keeps the fingers off the telescope and lets you operate the laser from a distance . Very handy at night .
 Mighty expensive , but I 've been using it in my old Staedtler pens , and it works well enough that I 'll probably need another bottle in few years .
 ink was awesome . the pen i had for it , not so much . i gave it to my kids for their stamps and it works perfect . fast drying
 I bought this file box while I was traveling in my RV last summer and staying for a bit with family in Nebraska . I needed a sturdy file box to hold my insurance papers , use & care pamphlets , receipts , and travel info.When it arrived , I was pleased to find a good-sized , heavy duty , nice looking plastic file box . I was anxious to start putting my papers in it . Then I noticed one of the latches was broken off and lying in the box.The latches do n't stick out when closed , but were n't fastened tightly . The file had been placed in a box that just fit ... it did n't have room for packing material ... so was n't protected from bumps.The product was very good ... for plastic . But the handling and shipping left a lot to be desired . Because I was on the road , returning it and getting another was a problem . I needed a file box , so I kept it . But Mama was n't happy .
 The Oxford 41742 is a sturdy , large capacity portable file box that is suitable for carrying around a moderately heavy load . I like the secure latching mechanism that ensures the lid is closed and will stay closed . The handle is likewise sturdy enough so that I need not worry about the handle bending or breaking free from the box . The hinges of the cover are not as sturdy as I 'd like but better than most other portable file boxes where the top hinge just snaps onto the box mounted portion of the hinge or , worse yet , boxes that have a `` unified '' hinge that tends to break after a number of opening and closings . The Oxford hinge , while as as sturdy as past Oxford boxes , is still more durable than most other boxes on the market.All things considered , Oxford still has the best portafile that I was able to find and I am very satisfied with the product .
 I would recommend this product as the glossy black color makes it look upgraded . I used this for classy Auction evening and it blended well with the theme of the night . The order also arrived on time .
 This clipboard is great for small spaces . Loved it ! I can store it almost anywhere and it has never gotten on my way .
 Originally I was looking for a way to print out the label inserts for my hanging folders , but this was the closest that I got . They work well and make it easy to see the labels on the folders . I used the online printing method which worked well . They are not perfect , but they are as advertised . They will serve their purpose . Not sure about durability in the long-run , but I am happy so far .
 I actually ordered these to use for marking sections in my textbooks . They offer more space for writing on and the adhesive feature allows me to place them on the edges of the pages . They are thick enough to stand out from the book and not roll up like the flags do . I was n't sure if they would work for doing this , but they work great . I use different color ink to write what I need on them , so its easy to find the section I want to in the books as well . So ... there you have it , another use for the printable hanging file tabs . Not only are they useful for folders , you can use them to mark your textbooks as well !! A great versatile product .
 These tabs are wonderful . I had no trouble printing out the labels that I wanted by using the Avery web site and entering the correct product number.They are just what I needed to organize all of the important paperwork for our new house . I feel like my life just got a little easier !!
 These are amazing ! You can print your labels , peel them and stick them . You can use them as insert labels or stick on labels . My files have never been so organized . I used the web based template for printing them . Worked great !
 I do n't have the best handwriting , and so I decided to print labels for my hanging file folders . These plus the Avery template were a dream to use . I am very happy with how they turned out , and my files look so much neater.Also , I used this to create my own page dividers . If you adhere it to a standard sheet of paper -LRB- the longest part on the paper and the top part stuck together above paper -RRB- , they make great page divider labels !
 If you are hesitant to purchase these labels because they are a bit pricey , believe me , they are worth every penny . The best news - they are still cheaper than buying at Office Max , Staples , etc. . I should know , my first set of labels were purchased at one of those stores for a much higher price . You do n't need the plastic tabs for these labels to fit your hanging files . Just print , fold and place in the desired tab folder . It 's that easy !
 These are fantastic ! Worked just fine in my laser printer , and made relabelling my files so easy . All you have to do is find the template on Avery.com and in minutes you 'll have sheets of sturdy file labels!Highly recommend them to anyone !
 They are not designed to fit in the plastic sleeves that come with the file hangers . The is a template for MS Word that automatically reverses the text for the back side of the labels , but the text must be entered twice , I 'm still looking for one that automatically duplicates the text .
 These tabs are simply great ! They are very easy to apply and the self-adhesive material actually holds long-term ! All other self-adhesive tabs I 've tried -LRB- even those by Smead -RRB- fall off over time - these are holding tight for over a year of heavy use . I 'm order more today .
 Was exactly what i needed ! great product ! I was looking everywhere for this product and was so glad to of found it on amazon . Probably will buy this exactly product from here again soon !
 Great sound quality even on HF speaker . Easy set up , many excellent features . Best phone I ever bought .
 First I love Vtech phones , I have never had a problem with one . And they all sound clear and well made.I love this phone . Small , unobtrusive , expandable , 802.11 wireless compatible . I hate talking on the phone so this small size does n't bother me . On the occasion where I 've been on for more than a few minutes I think it is a comfortable size to use . The one thing I did n't expect when I got this phone and extra handset -LRB- s -RRB- is the phonebook . If you make any kind of change to the phonebook , it is stored in the base unit , so it updates on all the handsets at once.If you want color , more features and a phone that stands out , look at the Vtech i5871 -LRB- and handsets -RRB- . It is also a great phone . I bought one for a friend for Xmas . She loves it . It would have purchsed it for myself if Vtech did n't make the mi6821 .
 This is an awesome phone for it 's price . I like the small size of the handset and no external antenna sticking out . It offers a pretty good range and great reception .
 small , stylish , great sound , great speakerphone , great range , expandable , easy to use , all the features you need without the ones you do n't .
 I have several S&W tactical pens that came with ink . I prefer gel and these refills are perfect replacements . The pen , not retractable , uses these refills Military Police Tactical Pen , Black . I assure you that they fit perfectly .
 I enjoy professional looking pens . The trouble was that many use rollerball inks that skip and dry slowly on the page . The mass produced gel pens have won many people over to this fast drying , smooth gliding technology . However , the refills for these mass produced pens have been designed not to work in the professional looking pens.With these refill I upgraded my Duofold ballpen to a Duofold Gel . The results are excellent with all the features of gel technology.I have found many companies are giving away good looking tradeshow pens that take this same refill.I could not find this refill in my local big box office supply store . Even so the best price was here . I highly recommend this refill .
 I wanted to replace the ballpoint refill in my Parker Jotter and Parker Sonnet with something that wrote easier and smoother . The lines for the Gel refill are bold . This writes like butter . I love it.However , the title of the product on Amazon has been changed a few times . As I said above , I DO NOT have a Parker Rollerball , but rather several Parker retractable ballpoints , such as the Jotter and the Sonnet . These take 37/8 '' refills , not the larger refills for Rollerballs . This product fits my Parker retractable ballpoints perfectly . Hmmm .
 Do n't buy this product from amazon . I was very disappointed to discover that every other refill in all 2 packs purchased of these refills had the wax covering the tip missing . The effect was that only the refill which had the covering functioned while those with the covering missing were dried out . The refills when functioning are excellent .
 I have been using the Parker blue gel refill for the past few weeks and it is my favorite gel ink of all ! The color is deep and rich , it writes smoothly , and it NEVER skips or blobs on the paper . The black gel is also a good product , but this one has it beat . If you want to get a gel refill for your Parker pen and you like writing with blue ink , you ca n't go wrong with this one !
 I agree with all the positive reviews . People that use my pen all comment about how great it is . -LRB- I use the gel ink with Parker 's Jotter -RRB- . I inspect fire extinguishers at a hospital . I noticed that the inspections on the roof have faded , even though the extinguishers are covered with a shroud . I am not sure if temperature variations or filtered sunlight cause the fading . This is great ink , but not so for outdoor use , even when not exposed to direct weather and sunlight .
 I think another buyer alluded to this , but these cartridges work in my standard parker ballpoint pen , which also takes Parker `` Jotter '' ballpoint pen refills . It writes very well . I ca n't speak to the question of how long it lasts in comparison to a jotter ballpoint , however .
 My big question was , `` Do these work in any regular retractable Parker ballpoint , like a JOTTER ? '' The answer is , `` Yes ! '' In the last couple of years I have acquired some pens not made by Parker that use a Parker-style refill also not made by Parker . These gel refills will make those pens much more valuable and useful to me.These gel refills do not skip during the first half of the first letter , like many ballpoint refills do . They are smooth writing and float on the paper almost like a fountain pen . They also require very little pressure . Hats off to Parker for making gel refills available without requiring the user to buy a new pen . They are better than a rollerball .
 Parker quality shines through as this cartridge updates any Parker pen to a gel writer . If you love your old Parker than you 'll love this gel update . Seems to have a long life as to the gel pens of the rack at the office supply store . These are hard to find and recommend you buy more than one pack as a shipping price filler on your small amazon orders .
 I liked the smooth writing of this refill and am glad I bought extras . The price seemed very reaasonable and they will come in handy as I purchase separate pens .
 I have an UZI pen I like to use as a daily writing instrument . The original refill that came with the pen was really bad . This refill writes smoothly , with no pressure needed and at a wide writing angle .
 These gel ink refills are a significant improvement over the standard ink . Where the other cartridges feel scratchy and require significant pressure to write consistently , these cartridges feel very light and smooth . Much more pleasant .
 Mi a ricibi e order aki na tempo . E calidad ta loque mi a expect.Hopy satisfecho cu e servicio.Gel Ink pa parker Na Aruba no ta disponibel ainda y pa loque e order aki a costa total ta algo hopi bon.Mi ta recomenda esaki .
 These gel refills are great . A smooth solid line of ink comes out every time , and it works as well as you 'd expect . The down side , with all gel pens , is that they run out of ink much more quickly than regular pens . Keeping that in mind I was still surprised when I had to change the ink after only 3 weeks of daily use . Still think it 's worth it , but just realize that you 'll be buying these again sooner than you may have anticipated .
 These were great after the ink in my Parker Jotter dried up . I was able to use the other in a completely different pen that happened to have a similar style refill . These seem to fit most nicer pens and write very well .
 I go out of my way to buy Parker pens . The gel refills are a bit hard to find . Purchasing thru Amazon gives me a worry free way to keep my pens ready to go . These refills make for a superior writing medium .
 Refill write smoothly and are easy to read . I would like a choice of fine points which are not available in this product .
 The Parker T-Ball Jotter is unique in that it rotates the ink refill assembly 90 degrees when extended to spread wear evenly . The sintered iron ball is closer in dimensions to a sugar cube than a ball to gain traction on the paper and hold ink for a skip free start . The gel refill is the best and if placed on a long sheet of paper will write about 2 miles . The gel ink glides smoothly and is a pleasure to use .
 This bag has so much room and my IPad 2 and my wallet all can go in together.I an also a big Twilight fan and also team Edward .
 THESE REFILLS ARRIVED TODAY , I HAVE N'T YET OPENED PACKAGE . CERTAINLY LOOKS GOOD , MUST TRY AND THEN LEAVE A DECENT REVIEW . WILL DO AS SOON AS POSSIBLE -- THANKS
 Great refill , good price . I hope it 's going to last longer then the previous one . So far I 'm very satisfied with it . It fits in other pens .
 I bought this pack because it has two refills . My split the other one with my dad and we happen to have the same pen . Great Quality .
 I bought this for some pens I bought a long time ago . I couldnt find these refills in any stores near me so I tried to find them on here . Found them on my first try . They arrived pretty quick and the ink is nice and smooth when writing .
 Ink actually soaks into the paper , ergo the intensely visible and permanent image . Was really glad to find that Amazon carries these , since I had beem unable to find them in HUGE brick and mortar locations - they all either had 4 or 6 pegs devoted to the same old greasy ballpoint ink refills , and one -LRB- either empty , or none at all -RRB- for the Gel Ink type . And , as with so many of them , when Ichecked back weeks and sometimes months later , the peg was still empty , or gone altogether.I will never understand why so many retailers seem to adopt an attitude of disregarding theidea of replacing items that have sold out of stock ... it 's truly unfathomable to me.With Prime , they were shipped free to my doorstep in two days ! Frustrations released , thanks toAmazon Prime !
 Worked as soon as I put it in my pen , writes smooth and a fair price . Not much else you can say .
 these refills work great and they fit the parker pen with ease . i was a little skeptical when i bought the gel but it is working great .
 These refills give you a nice , smooth , even , and skipless pen stroke in a gorgeous medium point blue gel . No smearing or globbing and they also last a long , long time .
 I could n't find these refills locally , even at office supply stores , so ordering online became only option . I was truly surprised that they arrived just a few days after ordering them and they cam without any problems during the shipping . I will order more in the future .
 Parker Gel are the best ink refills I have ever used.It is difficult to find pen refills anywhere.Thanks go to Amazon.com for keeping me supplied !
 I have been using the Parker Gel Blue Medium refill -LRB- reorder # 30526PP -RRB- . My pen is a Parker Sonnet , Ocean Blue rollerball.I love my Parker pen and have been using Space Pen refills in it until I decided to try the Gel ink ! Where the Gel wins over Space Pen -LRB- and standard roller-ball -RRB- ink is in the bold dark color . Roller-ball refills are readable , but appear dull and are usually uneven . The Parker Gel ink is constant , dark , and bold.The only problem I 've found with these refills is in the duration . Other inks last longer , probably because less ink is used during a pen-stroke . I 'm a heavy writer due to note-heavy graduate classes , but I expect a refill to last longer than a month.My first notes with this refill were taken on Feb 15th and I ran out of ink on March 5th ! One refill provided for -LRB- I counted -RRB- 121 sheets -LRB- single sided -RRB- with large writing -LRB- equations , etc are not very dense on the page -RRB- . Minimal incidental writing -LRB- Post-Its , in-line notes , etc -RRB- occurred with this pen.Because of the high readability and smoothness of writing , I expect to keep using this refill . I now know I need to stock up !
 Like so many other poeple I have become addicted to the modern gel pens.These refills allowed me to convert and start using several old style corporate logo pens that had been languishing in a desk drawer.Excellent idea .
 I was given a custom made wooden pen for Christmas . It had a standard Parker black ink cartridge so I was not very happy with it but once i got this 0.7 mm blue gel cartridge it has become my go to pen . Each refill lasts about 5 months of extensive writing for me . I recommend this refill cartridge .
 These refills were reasonably priced , they were shipped quickly and they make what was already a great pen write even better .
 I have used these refills for a number of years and they have always given me excellent service . There great .
 I 've always liked the Parker &#34; T-Ball &#34; Jotter . My dad gave me one when I was in 5th grade and I had it for many years . I 've never been fond of ballponts , though - they always feel like the ink is sticky . But the gel refill has breathed new life into the jotter for me . It writes as nice as my long time favorite Pilot G-2 gel but has a little bit more class .
 These refills actually make using outdated and antiquated technology of yesteryear fun again . Every pen should be constructed with these gel refills !
 I give the refills 5 stars , but be aware that the first time I ordered these , they just did n't show up . I purchased these to replace the ink in several hand-turned pens I have . Apparently , not all refills are created equal because the first one I bought at a brick and mortar store did not fit.These fit , write well and most importantly to me are available in blue ink . I prefer blue ink so that contract signatures stand out from all the surrounding black text.It 's been a busy year , so I 'll be ordering more of these soon .
 These refills allow you to get the benefit of Gel ink with your Parker pen . Although they do not last as long as a ball point refill , the color is vibrant and the writing is smooth . For me , at least , this makes writing much more enjoyable .
 Parker pens are among my favorite . I purchased these to go with my S&W Tactical Pen . They fit perfectly and they write very smoothly . No problems at all .
 Parker Gel inks are my favorite ink to write with . The blue is especially good with its rich color against the paper . No skips . Highly recommended .
 I put these in mySmith & Wesson SWPENBL Blue Tactical Pen . They fit perfectly . This was a huge improvement to the ink that came with the pen . It writes smoothly and does n't skip . I highly recommend the pen too .
 The refills write a smooth , dark black line . Writing has a nice feel to it . However , the downside is that the ink supply runs out far sooner than I expected , effectively making these expensive refills .
 Hands down the best writing refills out there . Parker gel inks are smooth , last ages , do n't smudge easily and are very rich in colour - blue is nice and bright , and black is true black . If you have Parker pens , do n't mess about with anything else , you 'll just be wasting your time .
 This is a nice cheap alternative to replacing the more costly refills that I had in my Smith and Wesson tactical pens . I do n't write in any adverse conditions so these gel refills do nicely . So far they write great and dont dry up or clog . I will edit this review if anything should go wrong with them during normal use .
 Pen refills . My tends to wash my pens , so i keep having to buy refills . still a good quality pen refill and writes nice . but not washing machine proof .
 These refills work great . My pen has been submerged in water for long periods of time and the ink still works .
 When myBoxWave Capacitive Styraran out of ink , I had to go searching for refills . Nothing was listed on the packaging or the website . I wound up visiting a local office supply shop and , through experimenting with various ones that looked right , finally came across these Parker refills . Perfect match ! In fact , the writing tip feels much smoother than the one the pen originally came with . Very happy with this product .
 I like using this ink because it is smooth and writes very well . I get a lot of compliments on how well my pen works when I use it . The only problem I run into is the fact that I use it a lot and the ink runs out kind of fast . However , it is gel ink after all so in that regard is kind of expected . It is also not too expensive , so what 's there to lose ?
 I have used Red , Blue and Black gel as my only pens for many years . They provide a reasonably priced option to a very expensive writing instrument . Be ready to have a replacement on hand , as they do run out quick with the ink flowing so easily . The best in my opinion .
 This is an excellent refill and perfectly fits my Parker Jotter Pen . The ink is excellent and would certainly recommend this anytime .
 The best buy around . Great price for a quality product plus fast delivery . Could not find these refills locally and was afraid I would need to retire my old Parker Pen.Then Amazon and this vendor came to the rescue . Will order more in the future if they stay available .
 A perfect replacement for my pen , has had good life so far , had not had to replace , the gel ink is really great , as this replaces a ball point cartridge on the original , it makes for easy writing that looks very nice as well .
 those are parker gel ink refills.they wear quick but usualy thats the case with ink gel.the writing is awsome.priced lower at amazon ...
 Great writing pen , better than OEM , YOU WILL NEED TO SAVE YOUR SPRING . No spring with this refill . Again this refill works for the Azan Defense Tool First Line Tactical Pen and all Smith & Wesson tactical pens
 Nice ! Fits worn-out promo pens that I wanted to keep cause they were made very sturdy . So these new cartridges work great !
 I have always had to use the generic Staples brand gel ink or even other popular brands like Pentel . But this by far is out of the box ready to use without the incessant writing in circles to get the ink to flow . no disruption or skis in my writing.Great Buy .
 i ordered these refills on the inter net , through amazon.com , because they were not available in my town , at any drug store , or large retail outlet , such as k-mart , or wal-mart , or local office supplier . they were not over priced , and were delivered to my door in very short order . i am very pleased with the manner in which i was attended to . no second thoughts about repeating it again.thank you all very much ... amazon.com , and the supplier .
 great product and very fast shipping . Just what I needed to make my Parker Pen functioning again . thanks
 They work well , but if you do n't use it for a long time it will dry up and make it impossible to write with .
 The Parker Gel Ink Refill converts your Parker Jotter Ballpoint to possibly the best writing pen for under 10 bucks !
 These refills fit my Parker pen perfectly -LRB- they 'd better after all ! -RRB- . Anyway , the Gel ink technology will -LRB- ? has -RRB- revolutionized handwriting as we know it . The ink dries quickly on the page -LRB- important for lefties -RRB- and the action of the pen tip on paper is just right . I 'm selling all of my electronic devices and going back to handwritten notes strewn in piles all over my office and home thanks to these refills .
 This ink is pure black compared to my regular Parker ink refill . It feels like it `` glides '' over the paper with a slightly rough feel instead of `` rolling '' over the paper like the regular ink . It is also a tad noisier when writing .
 I have bought the gel refills for all of my Parker pens and am very happy with the results . The ink is very smooth and never skips or blobs . I also have a Cross pen with a gel refill and the quality of the Cross gel ink is not even close to as good as Parker 's version .
 These fit my Parker pen perfectly . They write smooth seem to be lasting really well . I plan to reorder them again when these run out .
 Like another reviewer , I also purchased these to replace the cartridge in a S&W tactical pen . I really did buy this pen more to just have a nice pen than anything `` tactical '' about it . This made for an instant upgrade . The pen now writes much more smoothly and the ink dries super fast for gel . If you just bought a nice pen and it came with a junk cartridge , these are for you . If you do n't like gel , I 'm not sure these will change your opinion , though .
 I bought these in blue with a medium point for a Parker Jotter.They fit perfectly and work well . They write as well as a Pilot G2 and the medium point is about the same as a 0.70 mm G2 point.I highly recommend these over the Parker rolling ball refills .
 This is my favorite pen and it 's great to get refills quickly and at such a good price . Excellent . I would highly recommend this product .
 I love this gel ink . This is actually the second time I 've bought it . The first two refills lasted me about three months .
 These refills are high quality . The ink flows smoothly and the refill fits my pen perfectly . The order was delivered in a timely manner which is always appreciated . There were no surprises with this order .
 arrived promptly as advertised.flows as well as originalreal test will be in how long service life will be .
 I help run a electronics department and I needed these in my pockets to help label boxes for further use . The small size does n't intrude when sitting or demand a larger pocket for comfortable transitions . Very nifty size and solid lifetime .
 I love Sharpie . I especially love this because it 's so small and handy to carry around , especially with the little hook on top .
 I use em all the time . but hard to find some times at walmart never thought to look on amazon .
 I keep my mini Sharpie on my hospital ID badge - it 's very handy for many uses at the bedside . My only complaint is that I 'd like to have the option to purchase a 4-pack of all black markers !
 These are small . The cap does n't fit on a regular sharpie so no interchangeability of caps for the key ring . The key ring tip will pop off the top of the cap if you want less marker bulk obtruding in your pocket or just want a quieter marker . This sharpie is a little harder to open then a regular sharpie and has a better seal in the cap then the regular ones . If you are n't that dexterous to begin with the size of this marker may hinder your ability to open it .
 I love these pens ! They 're very small , cute , easy to write with , fit right in my purse , PLUS have a place for a key ring on them to attach to keys , cool ! In any case I am always getting comments about how cute my Sharpie Minies are !
 I bought this Sharpie Markers to mark my golf balls and after using them for a couple of days , I realize that the paint holds really well during the whole round .
 Very useful when attached to your lanyard and/or ID badge . You 'll never loose your Sharpie again . I do n't hang them from my keys because who needs another thing hanging from their key ring . One marker lasts about 1.5-2 months if it sees daily use .
 The most useful thing on my keychain . The darker ones -LRB- black/blue -RRB- are better because they write on more surfaces and are more visible . I also get the sharpie mini highligters which are extremely useful
 My hubby carries one of these markers on his keychain and has it handy to mark his initials on his salad at work . He 's found it comes in handy on other ocassions too .
 It 's a Sharpie . . that can go places the ` big brother ' can not . Handy for carrying in pockets or bags that are already stuffed with other crap ... uh , I mean important stuff !
 I needed a scale for shipping personal items and checking small postage items . his has the features you need , especially the Hold feature for keeping the weight displayed even when the display is obstructed . Great value - I expect many years of solid performance .
 Just as described and prompt ship ! Neat little item . Works well . We even weigh the cats on it !
 This product was shipped quickly . It is concise , neat in appearance , and very easy to use . We are pleased with this particular scale and it 's accuracy . Would definitely recommend .
 This product is great if you are starting a online business and need to ship small items . It 's the perfect size and is very accurate .
 This scale is great , I can now put large packages on a scale and be able to save the weight so I can see it when I remove the package . It is small and light and just great .
 I have had this fax for over a month now , and have few complaints about it . I am working as a loan officer out of my house , and therefore I do n't need a high volume fax machine . For the money , this is a great little machine!It takes up very little space on my shelf , and it has an easy , intuitive usage set-up . It has the distinctive ring feature which allows me to not get a second phone line , and it has a very clear output . I can put 15-20 sheets into the feeder at a time , and I can load it up with plenty of paper.The complaints are as follows
 I 've been using this machine for several months now and I 'm quite pleased with it . I have yet to have a paper jam , even though I 've placed more than the specified 20 pages in the send tray . The output is selectable as to quality -LRB- in order to save ink -RRB- and even the lowest quality printing is fine for everyday use . The machine has several nice attributes , fast 14,400 transmission speed -LRB- many small machines are slower -RRB- , small footprint and intutitive controls . The instruction book is easy to read and follow , but the basic functions are so intuitive that you really do n't need to use the book unless you 're doing something out of the ordinary.Contrary to another reviewer 's comments , ink cost per page is only about 7 cents . That 's a far cry from the 70-80 cents the other gentleman was claiming ; perhaps he got his decimal place mixed up!As with most inkjet machines , the ink cartridge supplied with the machine is only a `` starter '' cartridge and has limited capacity . Be sure to buy a replacement cartridge so you wo n't be left without.This is my third home office fax and it 's the best yet , surpassing a previous HP and a slower Sharp machine .
 Got the Sharp UX-B700 fax from CostCo way back when . It was replacing one that uses thermal paper , so it was a big improvement . It was bad that the ink cart could have been larger or cheaper , but after I found that the ink cart can be easily refilled , I 've saved quite a bit of money since . My main grip is how sensitive the fax itself is to the ink cart.Many of the reviews have complained about the high cost and low volume of the ink cart . The carts are about $ 30 in those office superstores and they do hold very little ink , but you can buy generic black refill kits and refill these for pennies . Each cart can be used anywhere from 5-10 times . Nothing special needs to be done ... Just drill a hole on the top and add ink until almost full , and reuse . This is in contrast to HP or Lexmark carts which must maintain air pressure , or needs a chip reset , and so on.The MAIN problem I ran into with the fax is the cart holder inside the fax eventually goes lose , making the fax not recognize the cart , even if it 's brand-new . It just keeps saying `` CHECK CARTRIDGE '' . Then it becomes a hit-or-miss whether you can get the cart working or not.Print quality is decent and it works fine as a convenience copier for a few pages at a time .
 I visited Sharp 's web site to read the `` detailed specs '' for this machine . Sharp says it makes 600 copies per ink cartridge if you set the machine to `` ink save '' -LRB- it is not preset that way -RRB- and if ink coverage is 4 % -LRB- which is typical of a text document but not a photograph -RRB- . In that case , each page costs 6 cents since the cartridge is $ 35 . -LRB- They say the free cartridge that comes with the machine is only half full . -RRB- This cost seems reasonable for the average user . If you receive a lot of faxes , you might consider spending $ 200 - $ 300 to get a laser fax , which prints pages for 2 - 3 cents each .
 I purchased this item for the IT department so they could mount all of the servers in one place . Since we just got it installed , it has been `` like a dream '' for my network admin , this rack system works perfectly for all their needs , and it looks pretty darn good at the same time.From my own experience , Versa Tables is a great company to work with , and I will definitely purchase their products again for personal needs or work related .
 A must-have for your older Celestron scope . It takes all the hassle out of alignment and I find that I observe much more often than before . Unlike an EQ mount , these scopes can take some time to align to north and 2 reference stars . No more guessing or looking up longitude , latitude and exact time . Setup at any dark site now takes less than 2 minutes ! Works flawlessly and seamlessly with CdS and ASCOM plugins for computer control and imaging . If you have an older scope without GPS , you got ta have this .
 All velcro is not useable for dashboards , so I searched for one that was . The Velcro USA Inc gray sticky back tape product works great . I highly recommend it . This will hold your Radar Detector on the dashboard and eliminate having to stick it on the windshield , where it is prone to loosen and fall off .
 I tried regular velcro to mount a portable GLS to my dashboard and found out the adhesive starting running and lost its oomph after a couple of months in the summer sun
 I purchased this product to adhere a transponder unit on my dashboard , and this product has n't disappointed . It 's held up in all types of fluctuating temperatures and the performance and adhesiveness has n't been compromised . I highly recommend this product and the day you need to remove it from the dashboard it wo n't damage or leave sticky residue behind .
 Cute . I think the recipient will like this when she receives on Christmas . Prompt delivery and in one piece . Happy as always with Amazon .
 I use a lot of typewriters and this one was totally worth it . It is big and has a lot of functions on it which make old fashioned word processing more easy.Worth the buy
 These are labels . Nothing more , and nothing less . Want to get excited about something ? Better pick something else . The price was right , Amazon Prime made it shipping and tax free , they DO stick , and there sure are plenty of 'em !
 I have used these labels for years . And the other reviewers are right . They stick . That is the very reason that I like them . I used them on plastic bags to identify my products . I seal hot BBQ in them . They stick when bags are hot . Still on if they are refrigerated or frozen . In fact they are still on when someone thaws the meat out in the oven.Simply said . . THEY WORK . Industrial strength .
 I did n't realize what trueblock technology was but I thought since the price is right I 'll try them . TrueBlock is almost like a grayish adhesive on the back of the label . You get one try on the stick otherwise it 's a goner .
 Our town 's energy committee recently had a project for which we needed about 250 peel-off labels . Our plan was to distribute 250 CFL -LRB- compact fluorescent -RRB- light bulbs free at our town 's community day -LRB- sort of like a street fair -RRB- in order to encourage people to use the bulbs to reduce electricity use . CFL light bulbs can save about 75 percent on electricity over incandescent bulbs . For the 250 bulbs , we calculated that for 8000 hours of use and an electric cost of $ 0.10 / KWh the total savings vs. 100 watt incandescent bulbs for all the bulbs would be about $ 15,000 . There would also be a saving of 94 tons of carbon dioxide emission.Avery Address Labelswere a good choice for adding a label indicating the savings for using the bulbs and our committee 's name . The question was how to get the information printed on the labels . At the Avery web site , I found free software , DesignPro , which makes it possible to produce label designs for different label sizes . I downloaded the software easily and got started on the designFor the labels , there were about a dozen pre-made templates for the different size labels . I chose the template that matched my labels . Using DesignPro was a little like using PowerPoint . I was able to cut and paste a graphics image , add the appropriate text , and choose a font for the text . A test run on my printer produced a beautiful matrix of labels . The only problem was to find out which side of the label stock had to be up . I can never remember . After an up/down test , I had my sheets of labels printed in no time.Our community day give-away was a big success . Our free light bulbs lasted about four hours . We were able to peel the labels from the printed sheets easily . There was enough time to peel and apply the labels as we gave away the CFLs . One surprise is that we had to have a sales pitch even for give-aways . The other surprise was that many people had never seen CFLs before . I am now a big fan of Avery labels , but I recommend getting the free software to make them work .
 Whiteboad is a good fit for our mud room wall - use this as a freezer inventory board for our food in the garage . Easy install with good mounting and easy marker attachment -LRB- and I 'm not handy at all -RRB- . Marker itself did n't last very long though . Good first time use , then dried out and had to get new markers .
 I purchased this item for the IT department so they could mount all of the servers in one place . Since we just got it installed , it has been `` like a dream '' for my network admin , this rack system works perfectly for all their needs , and it looks pretty darn good at the same time.From my own experience , Versa Tables is a great company to work with , and I will definitely purchase their products again for personal needs or work related .
 Great to have a nice fold up stool to ease you worries on reaching things that are hard to reach or placed too high . It 's sturdy , durable , light , a very good step stool !
 I purchased this item for the IT department so they could mount all of the servers in one place . Since we just got it installed , it has been `` like a dream '' for my network admin , this rack system works perfectly for all their needs , and it looks pretty darn good at the same time.From my own experience , Versa Tables is a great company to work with , and I will definitely purchase their products again for personal needs or work related .
 I purchased this item for the IT department so they could mount all of the servers in one place . Since we just got it installed , it has been `` like a dream '' for my network admin , this rack system works perfectly for all their needs , and it looks pretty darn good at the same time.From my own experience , Versa Tables is a great company to work with , and I will definitely purchase their products again for personal needs or work related .
 Great product from trend enterprises at a lower price than trend . No issues at all . 100 % brand new in box and shipped fast !
 This is an excellent shredder that will last you a long time if you pay attention to the continuous usage specification . I bought it to replace an identical unit that , although it was still operational , had seen better days . It was some five years old and had been used to shred business receipts , credit card receipts and all other sorts of retail business records . Believe me , it worked like a real trooper ! One tip for you that I never considered during the time I had it and did all that shredding -- spend a buck , buy a bottle of the lubricating oil to keep the shredder teeth in good condition -- it will be worth it . I appreciate the large , easily removable waste container , the auto-start feature , and its ability to shred CDs and credit cards . Do your best to not test its `` maximum number of sheets '' capacity -- virtually no shredder will hold up when using it in that manner .
 Really a nice shredder . It works great and cuts the paper properly . The wheels allow us to roll it out of the way when not in use . We researched alot of schreders , The Royal gear drive which is all steel except one we found to be superior to other . It was a geat price and vaule . We highly recommend this shredder for home use
 For an economic and cheap shredder it meets the needs of home paper shredders
 Great product from trend enterprises at a lower price than trend . No issues at all . 100 % brand new in box and shipped fast !
 I purchased this item for the IT department so they could mount all of the servers in one place . Since we just got it installed , it has been `` like a dream '' for my network admin , this rack system works perfectly for all their needs , and it looks pretty darn good at the same time.From my own experience , Versa Tables is a great company to work with , and I will definitely purchase their products again for personal needs or work related .
 This slide copier works beautifully when combined with a digital camera that has a zoom lens . You can do a bit of cropping with ease although cleaning up the image is probably best left to your photo program . Duplicated slides are as sharp as originals . As for color balance , saturation etc. , all that can be corrected -LRB- if really necessary -RRB- in your photo program.I made a wooden jig that holds the camera-duplicator and the light source in a line and allows the rig to be affixed to a work table at an angle such that you get a direct view of the camera screen.Their are several pleasant surprises to the lens system -LRB- 1 -RRB- the quality of the 10 diopter lens is top shelf -LRB- 2 -RRB- the main body of the duplicator can be used on any number of digital cameras using the proper adapter ring and -LRB- 3 -RRB- by unscrewing the lens from the body of the duplicator you have a super close-up lens . By mounting the camera vertically on any mechanism that allows you to smoothly move the camera up and down , you can easily go from 1/2X to 2X magnification with plenty of working distance between the lens and the subject.As you might guess I am more than fully satisfied with this product -LRB- If only everything else I have purchased worked so well -RRB- .
 Very handy little item . My Parents recently had passed away and they had all these slides . After compacting them down to the ones I wanted to keep , I was going to take them to someone and have them transfer them to picture format . came across this by chance , just realize they wont be as clear as your digital pictures . -LRB- if you are using a good quality digital camera -RRB- But with a little adjusting they come out really nice . Worth the price and convenience .
 I have approximately 500 slides to work through and scan . Some them go back to the 1940 's and the cardboard frame is thicker than the more modern slides and they wo n't fit into the frame holder , so be forewarned if you have a lot of these to scan . If the slide film has degraded from age there is n't much you can do unless you have software to edit them , with those you may have to send them off to a lab for digitizing . For the `` modern '' slides of good quality this copier is worth every penny ! With a little experimenting -LRB- you have to use a good light source , I use a 60 watt light bulb in a reflective light ring plus how much to zoom in & out to get a nice framed picture -RRB- , the resulting digitized photos are very good reproductions.If you have only a handful of slides to copy , send them off to a service but if you have a lot of slides this is the way to go .
 I found this item easy to use but very time consuming given the number of slides that I had . Did n't notice that there was a scratch on the glass until I was all done and reviewed the slides .
 I recently recieved this slide copier , it works great . You can copy slides with your digital camera . You will need a zoom lens . The slides look great . It is a great product .
 I purchased this item for the IT department so they could mount all of the servers in one place . Since we just got it installed , it has been `` like a dream '' for my network admin , this rack system works perfectly for all their needs , and it looks pretty darn good at the same time.From my own experience , Versa Tables is a great company to work with , and I will definitely purchase their products again for personal needs or work related .
 I purchased this item for the IT department so they could mount all of the servers in one place . Since we just got it installed , it has been `` like a dream '' for my network admin , this rack system works perfectly for all their needs , and it looks pretty darn good at the same time.From my own experience , Versa Tables is a great company to work with , and I will definitely purchase their products again for personal needs or work related .
 I purchased this item for the IT department so they could mount all of the servers in one place . Since we just got it installed , it has been `` like a dream '' for my network admin , this rack system works perfectly for all their needs , and it looks pretty darn good at the same time.From my own experience , Versa Tables is a great company to work with , and I will definitely purchase their products again for personal needs or work related .
 There may be a minor problem with static cling between sheets , but it has n't made any difficulties for me .
 I purchased this item for the IT department so they could mount all of the servers in one place . Since we just got it installed , it has been `` like a dream '' for my network admin , this rack system works perfectly for all their needs , and it looks pretty darn good at the same time.From my own experience , Versa Tables is a great company to work with , and I will definitely purchase their products again for personal needs or work related .
 Badge reels are high quality and arrived quickly . I only needed one package , so that made the cost of shipping as much as the reels themselves . Still , I am quite pleased with this seller .
 Just what I was looking for . Staples was selling the same thing but only in bags of 10 or 15 . Why the hell do I need 10 or 15 of these retractable badge reels ? If you know what you want , the internet is going to have it at a better price 90 % of the time .
 Received order very quickly , product is good quality - just what we needed for our new security swipe cards .
 Excellent for use with employee badges . No digging in your pocket or losing your badge . Stays out of the way for normal work operations . Badge is where you need it when you need it .
 These are the most beautiful cards ! I have had the most wonderful thank you 's from people I sent them to!Thank you , thank you ... . make more please !!!!
 Each and every card is filled with wonder and beauty -- a very worthwhile purchase !
 These boxes are a great way to store invoices in an inexpensive way . They are very sturdy and last for many years .
 For those of you that are fans of Ghost in the Shell , the Laughing Man logo is easily recognizable . I bought this for my girlfriend because she 's a huge fan of the show . While I expected it to be of at least decent quality , I was amazed when I received it . The rubber used to make it is excellent , it has a decent weight to it , it 's not too big , not to small , and the letters around the face are easily readable . This is definitely a good buy .
 Honestly I was expecting a really cheaply made key chain , I mean for around 6 bucks or so I 'm used to getting things of low quality so you can imagine how surprised I was when I finally opened up the package . Honestly I would have payed $ 20 + easily for this degree of quality , The words show up clear as day and alot of people have complemented me on it . For a Die Hard GITS fan I promise you wont be disappointed .
 I bought this just a memento of the ghost in the shell tv series when they were dealing with the laughing man case . it seems really durable , the plastic is a under a quarter of an inch thick -RRB- on the count of that I put this on my backpack and it 's been able to withstand all the abuse I put my bag through .
 Great item for any Ghost in The Shell fan , bought it expecting it is somewhat small so it wo n't make my keychain bulky . When it arrived I was surprised it was quite big , but still awesome to have . The rubber they used to make it also is quite sturdy I expect this to last a long time .
 This keychain is great , it 's durable , and painted really well . The only issue I could see anyone having is that it 's a bit hard to read . But if you know where this is from you already know what it says .
 I saw someone else using this at a store , and asked them about it.This is perfect sized for your wallet , does not take up any extra space , fits in the crease of your wallet .
 The previous pen I hung in my wallet a littli longer and was very adequate . This pen ok too . It starts right off writing . No scratching beforie it gets going , tight closing . Very Satisfied
 I had one of the Piccolo pens in my wallet but I lost it somehow ... I was so very happy to find another one to replace it!I swear it is the smallest pen . Great for emergencies !
 I have used these legal pads for taking notes in class for two years now . They are nice , because you do n't have to deal with any of the annoyances that come with typical notepad paper , e.g. , holes in the sheet , rough or uneven edges . However , this is a bad thing for those that like to put their notes into a three-ring binder.The downside is , unless you are ok with having fold creases on your pages -LRB- folding it back over the pad -RRB- , you will need to remove each sheet before moving on to the next one . It takes some practice to rip exactly on the perforation for a clean break , but once you get the feel for it , you 'll get it 100 % . Sometimes professors require homework/formula sheets to be exactly 81/2 '' x 11 '' . That 's ok for these legal pads , because although it 's listed as 81/2 '' x 111/2 '' , once you remove the sheet at the perforation line , you will lose that extra 1/2 inch.A major plus for these legal pads are the cardboard backings , because they can work as standalone tables on your lap . This is contrary to most notepads , which are flimsy and require a hard surface -- especially when the paper is running low.As for price , it 's competitive with the market . Buy the 12-pack for extra value.I recommend these pads for students or business people . Writers and artists may like to look elsewhere , because of the fold creases mentioned above and the difficulty in keeping your work private -LRB- no cover -RRB- .
 Not a whole lot one can say about writing tablets . These are of good quality and the price was right . They were also shipped promptly after ordering and were as described .
 A copywriter for the past 36 years , we tend to scribble notes down on anything from cocktail napkins to match book covers.These pads have served me well for decades , they 're perfect for jotting down notes and ideas - sometimes good old paper and pencil trumps the computer . By ordering through Amazon , sure you save a few bucks and if you 're a Prime member two day shipping is free.I had doubts about joining Prime - but during the free month trial it paid for itself in what we saved in shipping fees alone.As for the pads - the savings may not be monumental but the convenience sure is . In fact I just completed a second home office and literally everything was purchased on Amazon.At the reduced price for these pads of paper - and the free shipping you can save even more by stocking up .
 This type of lined paper is just what I need for my writing projects . The price was reasonable and I will reorder when necessary .
 6 pads with good quality and a reasonable price . I would recommend to students that need a lot of writings for sure .
 I got a used pack , which came with one of them being a little bent ... but that was okay . I could n't beat the price !
 Works great , and a good price . I would definitely recommend this product to anyone . I will definitely use this product again
 Purchased this legal pad through amazon for my portfolio book . Clean , and holds well at the top . overall a decent product .
 Do you know that Wal-green store sale these pad separately for dollar a each this is a good price mainly for someone like myself whom go to College run through these like water fall pouring water . I would like to tell everyone if you use these buy it here from this company its worth the price and the paper is cheap paper . This is a wonderful deal .
 Paper pads , you write on them . These are nice and not flimsy with a good stiff back . Only shrink wrapped and not overpackaged which is a plus to me .
 This is a quality product and perfect for use in the workplace or at home . I am pleased with the product and the price is hard to beat .
 A nice solid product that does exactly what is designed to do ! Would buy from this product again . I recommend this item .
 So LEGAL letter size is either as larger , or LARGER than wide ruled . That 's not a reason to give this paper a bad review though . It is fine . Not too thin . The ink is n't too light . Nice paper .
 I use a leather zipper binder that holds a notepad for everyday business use . When I ran out of paper , I came to Amazon to find a replacement and I am extremely happy with my purchase.The price is right , it fits in the notebook , and it is a quality product.Pros : Price -LRB- Buy more and save more -RRB- Quality - It is nice paper to write onPerforation - Unlike some other reviewers ' experiences , I find that the pages are easy to pull out and I have had no tears so far.Cons : As some have mentioned , the cardboard on the back is a bit flimsy . Its not really a factor for me since the paper is being used in a rigid folder.Conclusion : I will order more of this brand when I run out . It is hard to find notepads that fit exactly what you want/need and this is it for me . Recommended
 If the paper quality could have been slightly better and I 'd use it for office . If you just want to consider this pad for home use , its well worth the price .
 These are n't frilly or fun colors . They are good for professional use and tear fairly well without too much trouble . Good price as well .
 I think its a very good price for so many pads . Buying pads individually is so expensive . The pads are of decent quality , and its also nice that it comes in 50 leaves because pads with lots of pages get worn and start bending and splitting and stuff .
 I bought these for use at my job , and find them to be exactly what I needed . It was a good value , and I am happy with the purchase .
 We use these pads for taking messages , keep them by all phones with pens , so not to delay the caller . They 're great . Will re-order them soon .
 I needed legal pads for school since spiral notebooks slow down my note taking process . This did the trick . I wish they sold college ruled pads though .
 This was , at the time I bought it , the best value per pack on Amazon and I ca n't complain so far . The pad is ruled a little larger than I am used to and the cardboard backing is n't as rigid as other products , but , then again , none of them were this cheap per unit . It does exactly what I need it to . Will buy again . Enough said .
 I 'm sure these are wonderful pads . I ca n't give them a bad rating , but I 'll leave off a star because we lost them . I ordered a dozen of them for a friend in prison . But they have staples in the top . They were denied as contraband , and destroyed . I need to find some that do n't have staples . I 'm guessing a lot of stuff is ordered for prisoners through Amazon . It would be good if they could give us a little help on this kind of thing .
 Marimon sells these for a lot more ... I now have a new provider ! and with the Prime Shipping I get a great product cheaper and faster ... which leads to more productivity and a huge annual savings !
 I have been doing hair for many years and know the price points for these roll abouts . When it arrived I was relieved to see the quality was great . I 've used roll abouts in the past that were much flimsier . The side storage shelves are great for product storage , no tipping when the cart is moved .
 Excellent product from Canon . Very dependable and easy to use , I have used it for many years and it finally broke due to a serious power surge and I replaced it with the exact same product from Amazon for a quicker delivery .
 I began using these labels 20 years ago when I had a pin-feed dot matrix printer . But I 've been using them for 15 years on laser printers ? Why ? I like the convenience of only printing 1 or 2 labels at a time . I like the combined to/from format and the red borders.It was necessary to do some experimentation to define a custom size , with margins , etc. . But , once that size was defined , all I have to do is open the file for my `` form '' and type in the addresses.I separate the labels into `` mini-sheets '' of two labels each -LRB- which is large enough for my laser printer to handle without jamming -RRB- . I have three label definitions , `` top '' , `` bottom '' or `` top and bottom '' . If I plan to print only 1 label , I use the `` bottom '' definition -LRB- in which `` TO '' and `` FROM '' and my return address are already specified on the bottom label -RRB- . If I 've already used the bottom label , and I want to print 1 label , then I use the `` top '' definition . Why print the bottom before the top ? -- so that the auto-feed mechanism of the printer will be able to get a grip on the label -- if you 've already peeled of the top label , then the mechanism may not be able to get a good grip , so leave to top label for last . Obviously , if I want to print 2 labels , I use the `` top and bottom '' definition.What about printing a dozen labels ? I 've found that -LRB- with a little practice -RRB- I can hand-feed labels -LRB- or envelopes for that matter -RRB- into my '' # 1 sheet feeder '' as fast as the printer can take them . So , I can print 50 envelopes -LRB- or labels -RRB- in just a minute or two.Caution : At least with my HP laser printers , a single label is too small , and is likely to jam . 2 labels is `` just right '' , and is the natural `` page size '' of the labels -LRB- i.e. , they are folded in pages of 2 -RRB- -- so I just tear them apart where they are folded.RECOMMENDATION TO AVERYSince these are still selling long after dot-matrix is dead -LRB- or at least rare -RRB- many folks must be doing what I 'm doing . Avery manufactures `` mini-sheets '' the same size , why ca n't you produce a similar format -- that is big red-outline mini-labels -LRB- 2 labels per sheet -RRB- with `` to '' and `` from '' sections ?
 The Avery 4161 dot matrix shipping labels are the best I 've have found in my experience . They work well and stay stuck to my cardboard boxes of live foliage plants . They stay glued to the boxes despite the high humidity without extra taping or glue , unlike some of the cheaper ones I have used ...
 As a teacher I 'm always looking for a way to make things easier , this dose just that I love it :-RRB- very cute little cut outs indeed .
 I have tried a number of brands of adhesive that is dispensed like the Tombow product . This is definitely the best so far . It reliably dispenses the adhesive . I also like the flip lid that protects the opening where the adhesive is dispensed .
 I have tried many brands of mono-adhesive over the years in my crafting . I find that for the money Tombow refillable mono-adhesive is the best available . It is easy to apply exactly where you need it . I use it for all of my handmade cards .
 This little gadget is the best for rolling on a strip of adhesive to something you would like to stay ` stuck ' on something . I have used this product for several years , and it has been improved , which it really did n't need . It comes in handy when making note cards and there is no stickiness to the user . It gets the job done ! The picture of the bubble pack is not accurate , it has been changed . But the product is great . A money saver would be to order refills , after you order this one with the dispenser .
 I could n't find this in the craft stores , and BINGO , found it on Amazon ! AMAZON never let 's me down , the old saying `` soup to nuts '' must have had AMAZON in mind !!!!
 This is used for home-made soap making . It works very well and is easy to use . I would recommend it to anyone who wants to use it in this hobby .
 I needed a scale to calculate postage in a location where it could not be connected to a PC . For the price this seemed a good choice.However , the scale is somewhat slow resetting to zero after a postage calculation . It does NOT calculate USPS Express mail rates . It also does NOT calculate USPS First Class Flat rates for oversize envelopes -LRB- larger than 6-1/8 '' x 11-1/2 '' -RRB- . Since these are common mailings for most businesses , these rates should be available.In spite of these limitations it has been useful to us . We just had to put up a chart next to the scale for the missing postage rates .
 Scale does its job of calculating postage based on weight and can add certified , registered , return receipt and more but the scale can not calculate the postage for a `` Flat '' or large envelope . USPS adds a surcharge for larger envelopes . You must weigh the large envelope then consult a chart or the USPS website to determine the correct postage . The postage shown on the scale is without the surcharge.Also , while the description of the scale says it will calculate `` international '' mail , it can do so only for Canada and Mexico . For other countries , you can use the weight shown on the scale , then look up to see which of the 5 groups of foreign postage rates the destination county falls in , then find the rate for that group to determine the postage based on the weight shown on the scale . In short , this Pelouze scale does not calculate international mail .
 I had read many of the reviews on Amazon regarding postage scales in general and the Pelouze downloadable rates scales in particular . I finally settled on this model , even though many people had complained about similar models . I have to say I am very happy.One important thing I did was purchase the CP Technology 's USB to Serial adapter cable . That worked out great for my Windows XP system that the scale gets the rates from . After I installed the driver for the adapter , I also increased the speed on the COM port.Once the software was installed , I followed the directions and in a few minutes downloaded to the computer the license and rates files.Once the rates are downloaded from the Internet , the software will then download them to the scale . Many people had complained about the length of time it took to get their scales loaded with the rates . I was able to download all 4 carriers ' rates in about 3 minutes!All in all , I am very happy with this product . The only thing I wish it has was a way to view the readout remotely . It 's a little funny about the number of keys that must be entered before you get a rate , but that is because there are so many rate types available.I highly recommend this scale .
 I have had this scale for our school for 7or 8 years . My problem is I forgot to take the cord you hook the computer off my old computer and our technology dept took it and now I do n't have the cord to download the new postage rate . But it has worked real well for our school and we have 1,000 students here
 Works great . I use it all the time to ship pottery items . Love the &#34; hold &#34; feature that lets me take the product off the scalle and still see the weight . Good quality
 The item is much smaller than I expected . So far it works just great and I am very pleased with the purchase . The most amazing part is that I ordered the item yesterday and it arrived today ! -LCB- -LCB- WHOA !!! -RCB- -RCB- The delivery so SUPER fast and the item is as described . Love the Digital Screen too ! I do believe that I made a GREAT decision . I would definately order from this seller again and again .
 Ive recently ordered aand received this digital postal scale . It seems to work as described . It measures up to 8oz in 0.001 oz increments . I use a postal scale alot for letters , and needed another one for another part of the house . It gives you a feeling of confidence , over the cheaper mechanical ones , that you are getting an accurate weight reading , especially in the 2 to 8 oz weight range . It has a 5 year warranty , so they must have confidence that it will work properly for awhile . So far I am satisfied with mine . The only thing in the design that I feel they should have improved on would have been to provide a bit larger alligator clip to grip the envelope , this one feels a little small and hard to get ahold of .
 Works good . Package good . 2 sets of batteries included which is nice . First set died quick . 2nd set I take out when I 'm not using it .
 I am an amateur coin collector and pennies are my favorite . The U.S. Mint occasionally gets carried away with the minting process for coins . -LRB- typical government overkill -RRB- The 1982 Lincoln penny was minted in four -LRB- 4 -RRB- variations for both the Philadelphia and Denver mints . An all copper penny with a large date and a small date and also a combination copper and zinc penny with a large date and a small date for each mint . You can tell the difference between the large date and small date pennies with the naked eye BUT the only way to tell the difference between the combination copper and zinc pennies and the all copper pennies is to weigh them . The combination copper and zinc pennies weigh about 4 to 5 grams less than the all copper ones . Without a scale able to weigh this small differential , it is impossible to determine the difference.US Balance US-First Class Digital Hanging Postal Scale 8 x 0.005 ounce , 225 x 0.1 gramThis product worked well and was very affordable .
 We accidentally bought a pile of pop-up notes that were glued on every other end . It was maddening because we never knew what end to grab . But we bought this dispenser and it 's PERFECT . Stylish , heavy so it stays in place and dispenses the notes so everybody 's happy . It 's GREAT !
 Just started using this and wish I had found this product back in 2007 when it first became available on Amazon . It keeps your Post-it notes handy so you do n't have pads scattered all over your desk or lost under piles of papers and as a bonus it works as a great paper-weight . Here 's the stats and some info about the system : + Weight = 1 pound , 1 oz which makes it a great paperweight + Square = 4 '' x 4 '' on top . 3.25 '' x 3.5 '' at the base . + Height = 1.5 '' at the height of the curve where the Post-its dispense and 1.125 '' at the corners + Post-its = This comes with what looks to be a pad of 50 3 '' x 3 '' Post-its in the original canary yellow . I 've loaded a pad of 100 which seems to be the Post-it standard and close to maximum capacity of this dispenser . In addition to the original yellow , it holds any of the more than half a dozen color schemes that 3M makes including
 I also have the3M C71 C71 Desk Drawer Organizer Of Post-it Notes Tapeflags Scoth Tapethat goes in my desk drawer , it has a similar Post-it dispenser . But since I use a ton of Post-it notes everyday - I wanted a desktop version . This keeps me from having tons of open post-it packs thrown all over my desk - they are always in reach . This is dispenser is small and very convenient . If you want to personalize it - there are design inserts to customize it . I left mine clear . If you use post-its I recommend this item - it is a must have . Three people in my office have ordered them since seeing mine .
 Not a great deal to review , here . It does what you want it do - stand by for some note taking ! Shipment arrived quickly with no issues .
 This matches a 4x4 dispenser I already had - I love the design ! You ca n't have too many post-it dispensers on your desk !
 This is easy enough to refill but the reason I got this was because it looks good on my desk . I was happy when I received it to feel that it was a good weight . when I grap a post-it quickly and hard , it does n't budge and it 's quite satisfying .
 Kinda retro looking on my ddesk . Goes well with the matching tape dispenser . Am I really reviewing this ? Anyway , it 's a post it dispenser that cost me $ 20 . What can I say .
 Sleek look for the office , perfect for a Post-it addict like myself . Have had this same dispenser before and was happy to order again !
 I had to buy this since i had bought pop up notes with out realizing that they 're not the regular ones that am used to , anyways its a really nice , heavy dispenser sitting on my desk.its great , very happy with it !
 I love this little dispenser . I have the one with the `` ocean theme '' insert and I love it ! It 's so pretty . I 'm looking everywhere for additional inserts and no luck though . If anybody knows where they can be bought , let us know ! This dispenser is a must have !
 It hold Post It notes well . They pop up out of the holder on demand , and the desk caddy stays where you put it . What more could one ask ?
 Simple , elegant solution . Looks like a piece of contemporary sculpture AND it 's practical ! If you are even remotely considering getting this -- and if you 're reading this , you are -- just do it . BTW , it looks like cheap plastic in the pictures , but it 's actually heavy , high quality , and much prettier in person .
 Pretty decent product . Coworkers love it . My only complains is that there is a weight in it -LRB- for obvious reasons , it 's all plastic -RRB- . However , some penny-pinches at the Post-it company must have decided that .03 cents of glue is too great of a costs , because the weight inside of it is not secured and gets pretty noisy if you 're moving it around . Small complaint I know , but worth mentioning since it makes it feel cheaper .
 I love the acrylic and black design . My size is the 3x3 . I was sad that a decorative insert was not available but , I fixed that by using a template and making one of my own -LRB- a tropical beach with palm tree -RRB- . It looks beautiful and I 'm very happy that I can make my own decorative templates to match my desktop themes . 3M makes really great products and I would highly recommend this pop-up dispenser to anyone : -RRB-
 I picked this up for my desk at work . Before I got this I could NEVER find my post it notes . This takes up very little room and looks great on my desk . Can be tricky a first loading . I would recommend this to ANYONE !
 I really like these Post-It note dispensers . Quick and easy when I need to write a fast note . Pretty fancy for plastic . Only slight issue was with one of the plastic feet popping off . Stuck it back on and it 's normal again . No biggie .
 I do n't know why they do n't sell these in stores rather than silly shoes or apple shapes ! very sleek & looks nice on the desk . def glad I bought this
 Loads from the top 4 tabs on the holder and 4 openings on the cover.Very easy to load , also has a spring-loaded button the Post-Its sit on in the center of the holder.Doesn ' t come with insert.Will hold 50 Post-Its they come with the dispenser.This is heavy which is good.Only gave It 4 * because of the holding capability otherwise it will serve my needs .
 Fat Cat 55164-01 Kitty Hoots Magnetic Note Pad Cat -LRB- 1 design -RRB- Great pads . Will use often . lots of note paper . great price
 It was a great ideal present for any football fan
 i originally gave this phone 5 stars , but after the issue i had with the speakerphone i 'd reduce it to 4 stars but amazon does n't seem to let me.Although some sellers say this phone is Black or Graphite , apparently it comes in only one color , Titanium Blue . Titanium Blue is kind 've a dark grey color with a slight bluish cast.You can find the two different listings by their ASIN number or by the tag i added -- ATT974.B000F74RJ8 Graphite -LRB- this one -RRB- B0002YY1HW Titanium BlueI would prefer that it came in black , but other folks like the blue/grey color.I wound up returning the phone that i ordered because i did n't like the speakerphone on conference calls . i have AT&T ; 870 which is over 10 years old and works incredibly well , but it 's not a multi-line phone . that speaker phone works very well in conference calls where there 's a speaker phone on the other end as well , but this one does n't . this one seems to have a kind of `` half-duplex '' mode of operation where i can either speak or hear what other folks are saying , but not both . when there 's background noise at the other end , it does n't work well . in contrast , my old 870 seems to have some kind of variable mute mode where it adjusts the volume at each end incrementally depending no who it thinks is talking more.i 've read the reviews of a lot of the multi-line speaker phones here , and nobody seems very happy with the speaker phones except for the Polycom phones , and even with it there are a number of complaints . i think i 'll try one of those next.other than the speaker phone issue and my personal dislike for the color , it 's a very nice phone . if the other feature are more important i 'd suggest you buy it .
 This phone is available in graphite and Titanium blue , under five seperate Amazon listings . You can find them by their ASIN number or by the tag i added . it 's ATT974B000EFJ94E Graphite -LRB- this one -RRB- B000F74RJ8 GraphiteB0002YY1HW Titanium BlueB00094E8ZU Titanium BlueB000ARKZUS color unknown
 We ordered this for a work cube , it needed a lot of assembly , you ca n't just hang it up , it needs to be assembled which we did n't expect . But it does work great now that it is up .
 This phone is a great value for the money and works very well . I purchased 8 and changed all the phones in my house . Only draw back is receiver is a bit uncomfortable and sits poorly on the base unit . It is very easy for the phone to be off the hook .
 I have several old Thompson -LRB- GE -RRB- phones and they have stood up very well over the years . This led me to buy the new version and it looks like a treasure .
 I have been using this phone for years to teach Internet based courses . Never had a problem with it and have never had a complaint from any of the thousands of students on the calls over those years .
 I 've had this phone in service about six weeks as a wall mount with no problems . I 'm still on the original batteries , and they 'll last longer if you keep the display as dim as possible but still readable.This is the perfect option for those who want a Caller I.D. phone but do n't want to plug into an electrical outlet . In fact , it 's the ONLY two-line phone I could find that will do this.Speech quality is fine , and it 's extremely user-friendly . I 'm not at all disappointed .
 I do n't know what higher priced phones offer , but this one sure fills the bill . One thing of note is that the Caller ID display is powered by 4 AA batteries . Compensating for that is that there is no AC/DC transformer to plug in . Just plug in the phone lines and you 're ready to go . The display contrast can be increased if needed , but the default display works just fine for us . Setup and memory features are intuitive and easy to use .
 Got VOIP , have DSL so I had to keep my land line and old number . I put this phone in to be able to answer calls on both lines from one place . It works great for that.The display is large and readable . The sound quality is not an issue.I believe this phone is for regular consumer use . It seems to be more commercial focused in it 's features.It would be better if the line selection were not a physical button . If line two is ringing , when you pick up the phone it should pick-up line two . Instead it picks up whatever line has the button pushed . When you pick up the phone to make a call it should default to a selected line.My DSL line -LRB- line 2 -RRB- is seriously basic -LRB- dial-tone , DSL and 911 is about all it has -RRB- , if someone picks up the phone and makes a call without checking what line is selected , it gets expensive .
 I 'm looking for an inexpensive two line corded phone with caller id . I just unpacked , put in it four AA cells and go!It works fine , have clear audio and also operates in full hands free mode.The large display allows an easy reading .
 UPDATE to my review below
 Good value for the price in an old fashioned corded phone . Has nice big buttons , good sound and comfortable hand set . No unnecessary gimics .
 Setting this up was simple and took just a few minutes from opening the box . The sound quality is about as high as from the mega - $ $ Polycom systems in corporate conference rooms . People on the other end do not suspect that you are on a speakerphone .
 I thought this unit with its 4 sided design makes more sense than a 3 sided units . Calls are clear and mics are sensitive so be careful what you whisper , use the mute button instead . Recording feature is a nice touch . Phone and power cords are designed for a conference phone in mind , with its `` y '' design , one single cord is connected to the unit . This unit is easy to move around and looks clean and profession .
 I have to participate on a lot of early morning and late night teleconferences so I bought this phone on sale for use at home because my portable phones never seemed to have enough battery life to make it through a long teleconference . Even though it is only me on the phone , this phone allows me to get up and walk around my house and still be listening to the call -- plus it has a large mute button for when the dogs start to bark :-RRB- The sounds quality is fabulous .
 Bought 3 of these for our conference rooms to replace expensive Polycoms . These give much better performance -- the sound is better and listeners hear everyone around a 12 ' conference table without a problem .
 We have been using this for a few years at our business and it has worked well . The sound quality is good , and the speaker fills our conference room easily . Recording works excellent , although the only way of transferring the recordings to a computer is to hook it up to your line-in and record to your computer as it 's playing back . The only real downside I have come across with this device is the inability to adjust the mic volume aside from muting , and the lack of a mic input . On occasion , we use this device in much larger rooms that require connecting it to a PA system . Unfortunately , the mics are so strong , you can not give the PA much volume at all before it feedbacks terribly .
 We have tried several different conference phones over the years in this office , and the Panasonic KX-TS730S is - by far - the best we have ever used ! The sound is clear , the microphones pick up sound from across our large conference room , and we could not be more pleased with its performance . We would highly recommend this equipment for anyone needing to conduct clear conference calls .
 The conference room holds 12-20 people sitting and everyone noticed the different with the new phone right away . No problem hearing or speaking . The sound and reception is so clear . I 'm glad we made the switch to Panasonic KXTS730S 8 from Hello Direct .
 We chose this used unit over a new Polycom based on the user reviews . We are not sorry . A great product for our use conferencing .
 This has been a perfect choice for my small home office . It is easy to set-up and has been a great help in my conference calls . The sound volume is just right , and is easily adjustable . Money well spent
 Panasonic KX-TS730S 8-Microphone Conference Speakerphone with Caller ID and 120-Minute RecordingA GREAT ADDITION TO ANY OFFICE REQUIRING EVEN OCCASIONAL CONFERENCING , EASY TO HOOK UP AND IT IS ALL THE MANUFACTURER STATES , I RECOMEND THIS UNIT AND THE QUAD SYSTEM MIC PICK UP IS A SUPER ADVANTAGE .
 I have tried several different grades of photo paper and none comes close to the quality I have received with this particular paper . And I do n't have a hugely expensive printer ; I have a Epson Workforce 610 printer/scanner and the pictures always turn out great . I use it mostly for enlargements so I get the most out of the cost of the paper . I often have people ask where I have my photos processed and they are always shocked that I do them at home . I always tell them the key is the paper and no paper works as well as the Kodak Ultra Premium Photo Paper . I highly recommend this product and yes , it is a little more expensive , however , to refer to an old quote
 Excellent and reliable photo-paper . there are cheaper papers out there but this is definitely worth the extra .
 Best photo paper on the marketGreat paper only make your picture look better . Once you try this paper you will understand
 Kodak is the best paper made , in my opinion , and this is the top of the line . The photos are neat and crisp . The paper never sticks .
 This `` Ultra Premium Five Star '' paper , with a `` Canon '' printer , equals stunning photo prints . I also use a `` Canon Rebel T2i '' camara - and shoot my pictures in RAW -LRB- CR -RRB- mode . I 've also used `` HP Premium Plus '' photo paper with excellent results , but Kodak slightly beats HP -LRB- my opinion -RRB- . Both papers have been hanging on my walls for a few years without fade , but there 's a number of factors at play here such as
 I did a quick unscientific comparison with this paper -LRB- Kodak Ultra Premium -RRB- vs. Kodak Premium & Kodak Photo paper . I printed the same photo file in succession to my Kodak AIO printer with Kodak ink , using each paper , within seconds of one another . All three produced a very good image with nearly identical quality . The only difference I detected was paper thickness . The Premium & Ultra Premium are somewhat thicker , possibly the same as each other . The low end item while still yielding a comparable image is noticeably thinner . In terms of overall value , I 'd go with the middle grade -LRB- Kodak Premium Paper -RRB- .
 I purchased this chair for just under $ 60 and after doing some research I found out its worth at least $ 270 anywhere else . It 's a very heavy and sturdy chair , almost seems indestructible . The only downside is its a little hard on the behinde and that 's why I gave it a 4 stare .
 I ordered this desk for my grandmother who is unable to shop for herself . I was told it would be shipped for her in a couple of days , so she hired someone to come put it together at the end of the week . She was very excited . The desk did n't come until several weeks later , and I was n't notified of the backorder . Therefore , my grandmother held off the handiman and her excitement while she waited for the desk . Also , the desk is smaller than it appeared online . But it serves the purpose for which my grandmother intended .
 I ordered this desk for my grandmother who is unable to shop for herself . I was told it would be shipped for her in a couple of days , so she hired someone to come put it together at the end of the week . She was very excited . The desk did n't come until several weeks later , and I was n't notified of the backorder . Therefore , my grandmother held off the handiman and her excitement while she waited for the desk . Also , the desk is smaller than it appeared online . But it serves the purpose for which my grandmother intended .
 DURABILITY.PROFESSIONAL APPEARANCE.EXCELLENT LAYOUT ... Durability ... I am in the military and this thing IS my savior . I have taken this thing around the world with me , and in my pocket every day . It has a professional look to it while also being extremely durable -LRB- have n't ripped a single page yet and I 've had it for 9 months -RRB- . The pages do n't fall out , and there 's ample room to write lists and tasks . This thing has been spilled on , rolled up , folded , crushed , etc. . And it still looks great and not a single page has fallen out ! ... Professional Appearance ... While it 's listed that this thing is 8 '' x 10 '' , please keep in mind that 's while it 's open . Brand new , this thing is about 1/2 '' inch thick . Closed , it fits perfectly in my uniform 's cargo pocket . It has a a `` coat-hanger metal '' spiral spine and two black plastic/vinyl covers . The covers are textured and appear to be leather at a glance . I 've received compliments on my planner and compliments because of my planner numerous times -LRB- ex
 Calendar pages show the months , with room for quick notes , other pages list days and have more space for specific notes . The book lays flat when you open it up which is a huge help .
 I ordered this desk for my grandmother who is unable to shop for herself . I was told it would be shipped for her in a couple of days , so she hired someone to come put it together at the end of the week . She was very excited . The desk did n't come until several weeks later , and I was n't notified of the backorder . Therefore , my grandmother held off the handiman and her excitement while she waited for the desk . Also , the desk is smaller than it appeared online . But it serves the purpose for which my grandmother intended .
 For a simple little machine , this is a good plug & play unit .
 i bought this intercom to add to the 2 i brought for my mother 's house . My mother is getting older and it get difficult to run up and down the stairs to ask a question or check on her . this system solved the problem for everyone in the household . Good reception and easy to use .
 Excellent reproduction of image on monitor . In my experience Kodak papers are much less prone to degradation than other ink jet papers . That si , they do n't fade or discolor as readily . They work well with all brand printers , but if you have a Kodak printer , this is the way to go .
 I have used countless tubes of this . It works pretty good . My only complaint being that it 's adhesion qualities are n't as good at high temps .
 This 1:50,000 scale map covers some great areas in exceptional detail and clarity typical of the Sky Terrain maps . This map is rich with ground-level detail and easy-on-the-eyes readability , while still offering sharp shaded relief and a real sense of the terrain , even for those who are n't practiced in reading contours.One of these days I 'll invest in some snow shoes and use this map for the hut system in the area , but for now I 'm doing some good summer hikes in the Holy Cross . I highly recommend this map , especially over its Trails Illustrated competitor -LRB- s -RRB- . Though I 'd never discourage serious navigators from supplementing this up-to-date map with a USGS quad , the UTM grid is very easy to use at this scale , so an experienced GPS user should be able to eyeball their position readily enough .
 This map , like all the skyterrain maps I 've seen , is simply outstanding . It * so * clearly presents the big picture for roads and overall terrain , as well as the `` important details '' on topography , hiking trails , and water-ways . And the map is amazingly readable - even for those of us in our forties with failing near vision . Extras include various charts , overhead views and selected trail details . The waterproof material is quite handy too . No CO mountain hiker should be without one .
 Nice glossy calendar , with oversized shots of Derek stretched over both top and bottom of the vertical calendar . All action photos , both at bat and on the field . Very nicely done !
 I have always used Kodak paper and hope to be able to keep that up . I have not found anything as good , in color hold , sharpness in finish . Just all around satifaction everytime I use Kodak paper .
 I usually buy the HP but I thought I would give this brand a try . Looks just as good as the HP but I noticed that it would catch the edge a little bit as it went through my printer . It 's not horrible but it was enough to bug me . I will go ahead and use these but will probably buy the HP next time .
 The product is as advertised and received earlier than expected.I highly recommend this seller .
 These bubble envelopes work exactly as they are supposed to - protect things while mailing . I do n't know how well the seal holds , as it is my habit to put a piece of tape over the flap proactively . Each envelope is 1/3 or less the cost of buying it elsewhere -LRB- Target , etc. -RRB- . With 50 envelopes , they 'll be around awhile , but for such a great deal it is worth it . I have used them to mail
 Really good quality , well priced . Good size for my smaller Ebay items and books.You get 50 envelopes for the price !
 I ordered two of these tall drafting chairs for our sound booth at my church . They were easy to assymble and work great . A must have for a high counter top . The price was great , shipping was a bit high , but still a good buy .
 This dictionary rarely fails to come up with even the most recondite words . For instance , I also own the Seiko Britannica Encyclopedia , which also contains the Oxford Dictionary . I recently looked up `` Sheela-na-gig , '' which I came across in a book by Marija Gimbutas . It was a no-find with the Seiko dictionary but , much to my surprise , with the Sharp dictionary there it was ! -LRB- I do not mean to disparage the Seiko - I like the encylopedia very much , and it is a great companion to the Sharp . -RRB- During the day I usually consult Dictionary.com for these needs . But at night when I read , my computer is off limits to me because it is in a room which is shared by a beloved parrot , and his sleep takes priority over my `` wondering what that word might mean '' linguistic needs . This excellent dictionary , which I keep tableside while reading , solved this problem excellently.It also has a nice Super Jump function if you want to look up a word within another word 's definition.Yes , I am very well pleased !
 Found nothing wrong with this product . Bought it for the family and it 's working just fine for our needs .
 I needed a fast effective way to help with poems when the inspiration hit me . My laptop and home comp are not always at my fingertips . It is great . I even started using the other functions like crossword , language , etc. . .
 First I bought Franclin 's Merriam Webster and was quickly disappointed . Webster is designed for little kiddies because I could not find a single f-word in it . Cmon , the most used words are missing - this is just ridiculous.Then I found this awesome thing . Oxford dictionary is what I use daily on a computer and I enjoy it . There was little hesitation to buy it and I 'm glad I did . Whole new world of difference . I also had to buy another for my wife as she used to borrow it from me now and then . We are happy.One minor cons
 I chose this electronic dictionary to use in my English classes and it 's better than carrying those old heavy dictionaries that I ca n't fit into my purse . Also the battery lasts a very long time .
 I HAVE WANTED A GOOD ELECTRONIC DICTIONARY AND SPELL CHECK FOR A GOOD WHILE . I HAVE HAD THIS ITEMLESS THAN A MONTH AND THIS THING HAS SO MANY OTHER FEATURES WHICH I HAVE N'T HAD TIME TO LEARN . THE SPELL CHECK AND DICTIONARY ARE GREAT . I DID NOT WANT ONE WHICH WOULD TALK OUT LOUD WHICH IS ONE OF THE REASONS I BOUGHT THIS ONE . IT IS PRICEY BUT , AS THEY SAY , YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR .
 This device is one of the most used pieces or personal electronics in our household . In fact it is so well used that we literally wore out our first one . This one was bought as a replacement . Think about it ... that is a pretty strong endorsement right there !
 To make long story short , if you have a broken PW-E550 try different brand of battery before you throw it away!We have two teenagers sons and both have one of each . It 's been more than at least 3 years in operation . But older son 's of PW-E550 died , and bought another PW-E550 since he likes it so much . At first , I thought he did not care it well and broke . I was trying to fix it , but did not find any obvious signs . And I left it on my desk to see if I could find time to look closer.About one month later , younger son 's PW-E550 stopped working . I replaced with new batteries , but it did not turn on . This is odd , I thought . Two dictionary dies one month apart . And I took apart again , but did not find signs either . But this time , it was turning on and off when I moved display part to open and to close . So tried to re-seat ribbon cable which connects circuit board and display , but did not help . It was still coming on and off . At one point , it became steady to turn on . So I put all screws back . But it did not turn on after I put back everything.Then I took look at AAA batteries it used . The used one was Sony , and new ones were Duracell . And I compared physical size on both brands batteries . Sure enough , I found tiny bit of difference in size . The Duracell 's tip of positive side was little smaller than Sony . So I bent tiny bit of silver steel wire rounded inside of the dictionary . And that fixed the problem ! Well , I got one extra now , but I think this well worth the money . I can gracefully close and open the lid now : - -RRB-
 I love this dictionary / thesaurus ! It 's great to carry - fits in my purse . I use it mostly for crossword puzzles . I like it because as you put in a word , other words come up with the letters you are entering , which is great if you are not sure of the word you are looking for . The only drawback is that if you enter a word in the dictionary and then want to look it up in the Thesaurus you have to enter it a second time . With my other electronic dictionary you did not have to re-enter ; however that one did not have proper nouns or geographic locations . So , the Sharp Electronic Dictionary is a much better resource and it is very easy to use .
 We 've been using this dictionary for more than two years and we are all absolutely in love with it ! In fact , the kids fight over it!Every word I have looked up is in there . The definitions are excellent ; they are exactly the same as you find in the New Oxford American Dictionary . I really appreciate the `` super jump '' feature which allows you to highlight a word in the definition and then `` jump '' to its own definition . One of my favorite things about this dictionary is the fact that it gives a word 's etymology . I think that really adds depth to my understanding.Our dictionary is used and abused - it has taken many a fall and is still in perfect condition . Perfectly sized to fit in a pocket or purse , it easily travels to school , church , and even on vacations with us . -LRB- Yes , I honestly do use it at those times ! -RRB- The screen is big enough and both the font size and the brightness can be changed quickly to suit your needs.As a high school English teacher , I recommend it to all my students . I ca n't imagine any dictionary/thesaurus/grammar reference being handier.UPDATE
 I bought this here on Amazon in November 2007 for my wife for $ 80 . My wife found it very easy to use , and she used it a lot since then . The display was only average , but it really worked fine until about a month ago . It stopped working completely , so we replaced the batteries , but when we powered it back on it had a series of lines running through the text , almost like an invisible bar-code , making it virtually unreadable . Still , in this age of planned obsolescence I guess 21/2 years is n't bad for an $ 80 gadget . So I 'm actually buying her another one for her birthday . Along with a paperback pocket dictionary to use as a back up . : -RRB-
 This dictionary is fantastic ! I love it . Except there is one problem i that really irritates me . There is NO WAY to really save the words you want to continually review . It has a HISTORY but it only consists of 30 words and is erased as new words are looked up!I got my first electronic dictionary about 10 years ago . It was a Franklinl . I loved it but the buttons wore out . That Franklin dictionary had a way for you to save the words you really liked and wanted to remember . It also had a few simple games to help you build your vocabulary with the words you save . It was a good tool to learn to words and to learn how to spell them.I 've found almost every word that i 've looked up in this dictionary . I just wish i had that one feature !!!! Here are a list of words many of them science words that I 've looked up . I 'll also note the few I could not find.CodonVersimilitudeChaos -LRB- Had info about the Chaos monster as the first created being in Greek Mythology -RRB- PolyphyleticLeviathanLacunaOstraconTaxonomyEquivocationCladogramPropinquityHere are two that I did not findSocinian and concilience
 Works as advertised . This is the best one I 've tried . Until one comes along that is build into my eyeglasses I 'll probably stick with it .
 I am so excited about this digital dictionary . So handy , and convenient.I carry this wherever I go , especially if i have a book with me to read.I no longer have to wonder what a word means , unless the word is not in this dictionary , which is why I 'm only giving this a four star - because of limited word content , only 250,000 . Another thing that would have been very nice - a case or a pouch to protect this gadget while in my purse.I had to buy a case/pouch for it because I 'm afraid it would break while i lug it around.There really is n't a case/pouch for it out there that perfectly fit.I had to settle for something that 's a bit big - a pouch for a Kindle Reader which cost me $ 15 . And i did n't like that !
 I am in Chiropractic school and was hoping that it had some more medical health terms . It has alot of content but there are a few times that I was looking for something that was not there . It is very useful though .
 The product does what it claims.The only thing I do n't like is the screen . The screen is n't bright enough to see in the dark . In the set-up , you can change the screen contrast , but does not help in gloomy conditions.Otherwise , E550 is agreat product .
 I have expanded my reading to keep up with my kids who have now entered college . Comes in very handy when reading something other than the ` fluff ' I usually read . Very clear definitions and have not yet had a problem finding the words I am looking for .
 This is a perfect dictionary for someone who wants to know what words mean . I had never gotten an electronic dictionary because they were too `` dinky '' meaning the definitions were only synonyms and not complete . This dictionary is complete and better then any I have found so far .
 I love everything about this dictionary . I own 2 . And they could n't be more perfect for my use . But ... Both have developed vertical lines that run down the display screen , making the text unreadable . And both developed this problem after about 18 months . I bought the 2nd one when the 1st developed this problem . I thought that possibly my grandchildren had gotten hold of it and dropped it . But when the problem arose with the 2nd , I realized that it was a flaw in the product itself . I contacted Sharp after the 2nd one went defective and they referred me to a repair center in California . I 'm in NY . Let 's see what I 'll have to pay to get them repaired -LRB- if they can be repaired , that is -RRB- . Sharp Electronics PW-E550 Electronic Dictionary
 This dictionary came as a saving grace ! In reading Jim Marrs `` Rule by Secrecy , '' I have come across many words I have had to look up - the book is quite a handful so to say.I just happened to buy the PW E-550 as I was starting reading the book and it has proven to be a unbelievable tool to work with.As I do n't want to carry around the bulky American Oxford all the time , this became a perfect solution , and I have to say it is just excellent . Not only do I find words I simply do n't think would be there ; old ancient Greek names , identities , names of cities etc , but I also have gotten in to `` wordchains '' I have to look up due to definitions within the definitions that I do n't understand . With the `` superjump '' selection I just go to the next word , and look the word up . I then escape out of that one and automatically back to the earlier one . It is perfect!One does n't lose track of any of the previous words that were looked up . Not to mention the use of the derivations and origins - priceless!I can highly recommend this . For a second language student - absolutely - for any English speaking - absolutely a must have!Thanks for putting this out . I have recommended this to all my associates already ... Barb
 I hope someone could point me to where and how to get this repaired before the one year warranty expires.Here 's what happened.About a couple of weeks ago , my PW-E550 suddenly went into an infinite loop of `` initializing ... '' , and I could not get it out by pressing the `` reset '' button on its back , changing to a new battery , or anything.As soon as I press the power `` on '' button , the device started to ask me to `` Do you want to initialize ? '' * Press -LSB- Y -RSB- to initialize * Press -LSB- N -RSB- not to initializeand no matter which key I pressed , it stayed at the above.Did anyone encounter the same problem?I bought this on July 18 , 2008 , and it 's now July 11 , 2009 , I have fewer than 10 days left before the one year warranty expires.I also bought another one of this same brand from ebay about 6-8 months before the above one from amazon . I gave it to my son who was just started his high school then . The ebay one costed about twice as much as the amazon one since it was sent from Australia with the additional cost of international shipping . But it works perfectly , no problem -LRB- yet ? -RRB- . Before the Sharp e-dictionary , over the time span of more than 10 years , I bought somewhere close to 10 e-dictionaries all of which were the Franklin brand , which were very slow to use and had very bad UI layout which were the main reasons prompted me to look into other brands.However , all my Franklin devices are still working , including the oldest one with a broken screen cover . =============== 08-16-2010I 'm update my rating about this dictionary , and instead of 2 stars , it 's now 4 stars.It could easily be granted 5 stars if compared it to all other e-dictionaries one could find on the market , it 's the best.But it 's not perfect for the following categories1 . contents - a larger word set2 . featured - lack sound for word pronunciationI 'm still wondering why only E550 available in U.S. , not E500
 The volatility of this listing is truly amazing . When I first found their listing , Amazon no longer offered it , even through a 3rd party vendor . I ordered it from someone else , but after two weeks they still could n't deliver , so I went back to Amazon and saw that they were again offering it at a very good price . So I canceled my other order and ordered it from Amazon.Then a week after I received it from them and had thoroughly mastered the device , I went up to Amazon to add a review and they were n't even accepting reviews anymore and they said the device was n't available again ! You could n't even read any of the 81 reviews it said were available . The best I could do was start a discussion post.Today I went back up and now I see that Amazon it offering the device again , but for approximately twice what they originally charged me ! At least all the reviews are back . Enough of criticizing Amazon 's inconsistency . What about the device itself?If you 're looking for an electronic dictionary , do n't pass up a chance to get this one -LRB- if you can afford it ! -RRB- . I briefly flipped the pages through the manual , but the device itself is so intuitive , you do n't have to read the manual to figure everything out . It has an extremely well design user interface ! Whoever put this thing together really knew what they were doing.The quality of the interface extends to the physical packaging . In spite of disclaimers in the enclosed manual about the robustness of the device , it seems solidly constructed and well-balanced when it is open . It is not likely to tip over , as the bottom is heavier than the lid which contains the display . Everything has a nice , solid feel to it and the keys are plenty big enough for someone like myself who wears a size large glove . The buttons are color-coded and attractive . I could not be more pleased with the design of this device . But I will be careful not to get it wet ! They go on and on about avoiding moisture , so I 'm going to take them seriously and treat this thing with respect . Do that and I 'm sure it will last virtually forever.I 've had the hard copy of this dictionary since the first week it was available on the bookshelves , I think about six years ago . I have lots of dictionaries , and this is my favorite . Now to have it in electronic form is a dream come true . Plus it has other features . I especially like the grammar book it contains
 This dictionary was purched for an advanced ESL student.The Sharp Electronics PW-E550 has been everything I look for in a dictionary . The movement around and through thr extensive features are intuitive and well integrated . The dictionary is thorough in its range of words available and how comprehensive the definitions have proved . A common failing in many dictionaries is circular definitions . As far as I have seen the PW-E550 avoids this pitfall .
 Before I bought the PW-E550 Electronic Dictionary , I read all the reviews on this site with 95 % saying that it is a good buy . so eventually I did buy it.It 's user friendly , my 9 years old can figure it out within an hour , of course he didnt quite get the grammar thing and others , but the dictionary and thesauraus are really more than enough . so if your buying this item i would say its well worth the money .
 This is an amazing electronic dictonary , very intuitive to use and has virtually all words you 're ever going to need . Definitions , phrase search , grammar are all great features . It 's like buying three books in one only better as it 's much easier to use , carry around etc. it 's very stilish and you can even use it in the middle of a meeting if you need a definition as most people wo n't really figure out it 's a dictionary . GREAT BUY !
 This electronic dictionary has been an absolute joy to use . I 'm sort of a printed dictionary collector , and there 's a list of esoteric words that I look up -LRB- e.g. , grok -RRB- to gauge a dictionary 's quality . Whether a word is defined , how easy the definition is to understand , and how complete the definition is can usually tell you what kind of dictionary it is . The dictionary that the PW-E550 contains , theThe New Oxford American Dictionary -LRB- NOAD -RRB- - 1st Edition , passed my layman quality test with flying colors even though I prefer the NewNew Oxford Dictionary of English -LRB- NODE -RRB- , which is very hard to find in the States and is out of most people 's price range . Many lexicographers would argue that NODE is the better dictionary , but hey since NODE is OOP and there 's no electronic dictionary based on it , the NOAD rules supreme.As a reference , here is the PW-E550 's definition of `` grok '' : grok | gr&auml;k | v. -LRB- grokked , grokking -RRB- -LSB- trans . -RSB- _ informal _ understand -LRB- something -RRB- intuitively or by empathy : * because of all the commercials , children grok things immediately . -LSB- intrans . -RSB- empathize or communicate sympathetically ; establish a rapport . -- ORIGINmid 20th cent .
 This Sharp PW-E550 dictionary has many words , including words in medicine and law and other professions . The LCD screen is very nice but not backlit . The keyboard is fantastic , very easy to use . I love this little gadget . It 's great for adults as well as students studying for the SAT or GRE or GMAT or whatever test . There 's no voice pronunciation but I have n't come across one with `` natural speech '' anyway . Plus this is a good value . Makes a great gift for the student in your family , too .
 This product is virtually flawless . If it had a backlit screen there would be no need to ever create a new model . I am a Pre-Law Philosophy major and I read thousands of pages a semester . This dictionary allows me to look up terms rapidly and not break my line of concentration when reading . I use all of the major resources - dictionary , thesaurus , and usage guide - on a regular basis , and in the month I have been using it , I have already noticed an improvement in my language skills . This product is not only `` as good as '' written dictionaries , but it surpasses them do to the speed of referencing and cross-referencing .
 This item was a gift for my wife , who keeps the dictionary on her desk and uses it whenever we need to look up a definition . Works well , and has a simple interface . I did a fair amount of research before the purchase , and this dictionary seemed to be the most comprehensive source for the price .
 This was my husband 's Christmas present . He loves it and is able to look up all those rarely used words he does n't know , and he does n't have to leave the comfort of his arm chair or lift a heavy cumbersome device.It 's easy to use , I can even operate it . It 's fast . It 's attractive enough to leave out . I chose it because it had so many excellent reviews , and I 'm adding my thumbs up . Now I 've ordered a similar one , but a different brand , for french-english , and hope I like it as well as he likes his .
 I bought if for my daughter and she loves it . I would recommend if for anyone .
 How did I go without it before !? I 'm a grad student and reading is my life for the next few years , so this little gadget has been such a handy dandy tool ! Now I do n't need to sit near a computer to use Dictionary.com or lug around a pocket dictionary that probably wo n't have all the complicated words I need anyway !
 In a word
 I have now had mine for over 3 years . Aside from changing the batteries , I have had no problems . My real problem now is wanting to buy a second one to carry with me at all times.It has been a boon to my vocabulary and reading comprehension . So many times I skip over a word or try to discern its meaning from the context of the passage . With this tool , I can look it up immediately . With a hardback dictionary , it was just too much trouble and I rarely had one with me when I needed it.Being a crossword puzzle junkie , this is an invaluable tool . Its best feature in this regard is the ability to type in the letters you know and position questions marks to represent the missing letters . Bingo ! You have a list of possible words.The economy may be dismal , but I am going to buy a second one !
 After reading and using franklin products , I have found this dictionary to be more comprehensive in meanings and is by far a more superior dictionary than the franklin . I purchased and returned the franklin collegiate dictionary . It was very difficult to see the screen and after some use , not user friendly nor did it have words that I was looking up . This sharp dictionary is much more user friendly however I must remember to push the super jump button before the thesaurus or I lose the word . I do n't care for the grammar , spell , or calculator functions since I do n't use it but it is handy . The buttons are soft which I do n't like but that 's the only gripe I have with it .
 I looked at MANY electronic dictionaries before selecting the Sharp PW-E550 , and I could n't be happier . I am a college-educated professional person with , I believe , an above average vocabulary ; however I do occasionally come across words with which I am not familiar . Also , as I age , I seem to be `` losing '' the meanings of some words I do n't use frequently . I 've had the dictionary about a month now , used it every day , and have only come across two words that were not included - one of them was related to `` new '' technology . I write and use the Thesaurus constantly . I noticed some of the other reviews criticized this dictionary because it is n't backlit . That does n't bother me , because I do n't usually read or write in the dark !!
 I got it on time , shipping was good = -RSB- The item was great.Used it for my test/homework/essaysAnd it fit perfect in my bag = D
 This item is excellent . Not only that it helps me with my grammar and Vocabulary . I gotten a 4.0 grades in all of my class .
 Bought this in May 2009 , so 2 + years and I do n't think I 've changed the battery . I 've dropped it a few times ... no damage . Used it on my train commute before I got smart phone , as well as in bed , where I still prefer it over smart phone -LRB- dictionary.com -RRB- , computer , or hard copy dictionary . I use it a Lot ; in fact , slept on it last night -LRB- open -RRB- , and it was still working this morning -LRB- I do n't recommend that though -RRB- . It 's almost an encyclopedia when it comes to names and places , so when someone alludes to an obscure author , deity , statesman , monarch , etc. . I am no longer surprised that it 's in there 98 % of the time . Especially like the super jump and the history , which allows you to easily go back and review a word you just learned . Even with all the new technology out there , if this broke , I 'd buy it again.UPDATE
 Money well spent!I love this little unit . It is small , fast , and very extensive . The grammar guide is a bit impractical , as a person might not want to read in-depth chapters on grammar , style , etc. on such a small LCD screen ; although , it has come in handy - when I needed to know the difference between 'em pathy ' and ` sympathy . ' In situations such as this , the grammar guide really helps.Buying this pocket dictionary very much changed the way I read
 I really like this little spell checker . It does a lot and is versatile in switching between spelling , dictionary definitions and thesaurus suggestions . It 's also fairly compact . Of all the checkers I looked at , this one seemed the smallest . The only reason that I rated it 4 stars is that it 's a little on the slow side when looking things up .
 gift for wifeshe loved ititem was very had to findpicture of item was as promisedreceived e-mail stating has been shippedwould buy from this merchant againthank you
 I am enjoying my Sharp Electronic Dictionary very much . So easy to use , easy to read . I use it almost daily .
 This is the most useful little thing ! I bought it because I love to do Code Word puzzles , but it is becoming indispensable -LRB- just had to look up that spelling -RRB- in my profession . I 'm working to expand my vocabulary as I 'm moving up in management . Now , I need it both at work and at home and am carrying it in my purse each day . Just what I needed , a heavier purse ! :--RRB- I 'm going to have to get another one ! You wo n't be disappointed .
 If you looking for an electronic dictionary there is only one choice if you want the best ! This thing has not failed me from my Associated to Masters Degree . My professor was so impressed she purchased several of there for work and personal use !
 It 's amazingly useful.I bought one more for my sister after I used it.I strongly recommand this for anyone looking for electronic dictionary .
 I always intended to improve my vocabulary , but going about the task was elusive . Word-a-day calendars just were n't enough -- What if I already knew the word ?!? Another day wasted ! And I never seemed to have a dictionary handy wherever I happened to be reading . And , of course , by the time I did get to a dictionary , I could n't remember that word that I did n't know . Besides ... tiny dictionary type is getting a little hard for this person of a certain age to read.My spouse got me this little electronic dictionary for Christmas . I LOVE it ! It 's so convenient to tap in those words now ! I even take the trouble to look up words that I think I can figure out from their context , or have seen for years and think I know their meaning . How did I live without it?It 's incredibly easy to use , although I had to get used to two quirks . While on a computer you avoid the ESC key like the plague , here it takes you back to the previous screen . Also , the lack of a space key is confusing -- to look up a multiple-word term , you just keep typing without spaces.But those are little complaints in the grand scheme of things . To have the Oxford English Dictionary at your fingertips is no small thing . I sometimes just type in random sequences of letters and call up words that catch my eye . Who 'd a thunk -LRB- informal or humorous past and past participle of THINK -RRB- it ?!?
 I received the Sharp PW -- W550 electronic dictionary for my birthday about 2 weeks ago . I had asked for it based on the reviews of other Amazon users . As I get older I find that I can not remember how to spell as well as I once could . And it seems I also need to look up definitions more often . It is a great item to have if you read or write a lot . I wanted something I could keep in my book cover so it would always be handy when I am reading . It is very easy to use -LRB- but do look at the users manual -RRB- , feels durable and is a convenient size . In fact , I just used my Sharp to look up the spelling of convenient . I was having a senior moment and could n't remember so I hit `` spell '' , put in what I thought was the correct spelling , hit enter and in about 15 seconds the Sharp let me know it is smarter than I am ! The screen is very easy to see and the writing is big enough for me to make out even when I do n't have on my glasses if I use the zoom feature . This doubles the size of the print ! I also like the super jump feature -LRB- mentioned by other reviewers and explained in the instruction manual -RRB- that lets you look up the definition of a word within the definition . I have not had the unit long enough to know how long the batteries will last but so far no problems . Thus far , I have found every word for which I have needed the spelling or the definition . For anyone who reads or writes a lot I feel this is well worth the money . I highly recommend the Sharp .
 The chief shortcoming of this device from my standpoint is that it lacks critical features which facilitate vocabulary building . For example , it does not have the ability to create favorite word lists . This would allow repetitive review of words one has difficulty with . Another needed utility is the ability to search by word root , e.g. find all the words with `` rogare '' -LRB- to ask -RRB- as the root . Grouping words by common root is very helpful in building a large vocabulary . So , as a vocabulary builder the device falls short . However , it performs well in terms of ease of use and rapid word look up . Overall , the thesaurus and grammer sections are excellent and there is much that can be learned from this device .
 This is the best electronic dictionary you can buy . The Franklin bookman and other Franklin dictionary productions have had a long standing relationship with Merriam-Webster . The best dictionary you can get is an Oxford dictionary . Websters New World Student Dictionary is an easier dictionary with simular but less quality . Unfortunately , I have n't been able to locate an electronic dictionary that uses it . Merriam and Webster , together created a series of dictionaries that are unfortunately not worth the paper they are printed on . Basically , any dictionary with the name Merriam in it is crap . I 'm an engineer that can spot , bad product engineering . This product was well thought out and tested before it was put into production . Everything from the packaging , color , keyboard layout , keys , functions , etc. . The manual is printed in China , however it is not a multilingual book with two pages of english . Refreshingly , it was written entirely in english by a literate person . What I like best about the product is , that it is written for a mature person in mind , it fits conveniently in your shirt pocket , its keyboard click tone is unobtrusive and can be shut off , it does n't verbalize words -LRB- most of us can use a pronunciation guide -RRB- , the auto-power shutoff can be set for 3 , 5 , 10 or 20 minutes , its LCD contrast is adjustable , you can delete word history for all the books or just the one you want . The only thing that 's a little wierd is that it does n't shut off automatically when you close it . It times out . Having an option on it for that would be good . See my YouTube demo . Search Sharp PW-E550 ...
 Wow , best describes this handy electronic dictionary . You would expect this product to contain an expansive English lexicon , and it does . But , it has an intuitive , compact , elegant design that is a pleasure to use . Many special features augment the obvious utility of this product . I reach for it often . Throw away your thick paperback dictionary and replace it with this electronic version . I give it a strong buy recommendation .
 This dictionary is great ! Very easy to use , concise definitions and also includes derivations and pronunciations . Usually with an electronic dictionary the definitions are `` dinky '' . I can use this as my sole dictionary and it totally serves .
 When I was looking for a pocket dictionary , I came across this item . I read the reviews and there was not one bad review about it . So , I took a chance and bought it . IT IS THE BEST !! Speaking as a student , I like something that makes my life a little easier & as an avid reader this dicitionary is perfect for looking up words I come across . Some of the things I was not sure of , was whether the sound could be turned off , or if it had a wide range of words . It turns out that you can shut the sound off , AND here are some of the words I typed in : LYCANTHROPY BELL 'S PALSY PATHOPHYSIOLOGY HABERDASHERYHABERGON PRONATOR ZAMINDARI SUPINATEFLOCCINAUCINIHILIPILIFICATION -LRB- TRUST ME IT IS A WORD ! -RRB- Believe me if a pocket dictionary can spell and have a definition for this word , it has to be good.You can make the text larger , and can search a word 's meaning within the definition with THE QUICK VIEW . I LOVE THIS DICTIONARY , Best one in the Market !!
 I had a passion for English since my childhood , because English is not my native language . English is a beautiful language and I always wanted to learn new words . I also used dictionary books throughout my life to quench my thirst for English . A couple of years ago I wondered if there was an electronic dictionary and eventually made some research on the internet . They were very expensive and I could n't afford to buy . But this dictionary , after lot of considerations I had to buy this one . Even though the price is high , it is worth buying . I enjoy using it and very glad to own one . The only thing that is missing is the Sound which I was also looking for in this dictionary . The vocabulary sound is the one that will help improve the language when a word is typed , so that we can follow the right pronounciation . Otherwise , I just love this dictionary .
 I had been thinking about buying an electronic dictionary since they first appeared on the market . I knew pretty much what I wanted in a device but until now , I 've found them all wanting in some area that was important to me . This device is absolutely perfect for my needs . These are the attributes that I was looking for , in roughly most important to least important order : It had to be easy and intuitive to useIt had to have a very comprehensive dictionary and thesaurusIt had to show -LRB- not speak -RRB- pronunciationIt had to be non-invasive -LRB- imagine using one of the speaking dictionaries in a classroom or library setting -RRB- It had to be reasonably pricedThe PW-E550 meets all of these requirements.At the time I was considering the PW-E550 I was reading two books
 I 'm a big electronic dictionary geek - I own four of them . Two of them for languages -LRB- Japanese and Chinese -RRB- and two for English . I 'm a writer and I am constantly reading and looking up words , and I like to be able to do away from my computer because honestly , who wants to lug around a laptop when they just want to take a book out to a coffeeshop?I own both the Merriam-Webster 11th Collegiate Speaking Dictionary -LRB- with a Concise Columbia Encyclopedia card -RRB- and the Sharp PW-E550 . I owned the Merriam-Webster first , then bought this one , and actually bought the Seiko Concise Encyclopedia Britannica for a while before I returned that one . Here 's a comparison between the two , and a little mention of the last one : - Both have a similar range of definitions . There are some words I could find in the MW I could n't in the Sharp -LRB- McGuffin -RRB- , and there are some I could find in the Sharp but not the MW -LRB- phylogenic , the Bowery -RRB- . I find that the MW tends to have slightly more in-depth definitions and the Sharp one reads a bit more concise and colloquial . The Sharp does provide examples of usage while the MW does n't . - The MW does n't have a visual pronounciation key , while the Sharp does . That 's because the MW speaks out the words . This to me was kind of silly because you do n't always want to hear the words out loud -LRB- like , in a library , or just about anywhere public -RRB- , even if they included a headphone jack . What became problematic was that the speaking gizmo on my MW broke after a few months , and now I ca n't even hear the pronounciation even if I want to . - The Sharp will list all the words possible with each input of a letter -LRB- i.e. , if you punch in `` a '' it 'll list all the words that begin with `` a , '' then if you punch in `` b '' it 'll list all the words that begin with `` ab '' until you get to the word you want . The MW waits until you input all the letters and hit `` enter , '' then it searches until it finds something . It takes about a second or two for it to find something that is in its dictionary , but if you punched in something with the wrong spelling or it just does n't know , it 'll take a while , maybe five seconds , which gets kind of exasperating , especially once you get used to the Sharp . - The Sharp , when you turn it on , displays exactly what you had when you last had it on . The MW always starts with the same default screen . The Sharp also has a memory feature , that goes back some forty or so of your last entries . - The buttons on the MW are hard and they hurt after prolonged usage . The buttons on the Sharp are pretty soft , which ends up with the opposite problem , you may not push hard enough on them at times . - The Concise Encyclopedia that came with the MW is extremely painful to use . It 's slower than the dictionary and when you do page up or page down it often goes straight to the previous or next entry . Otherwise it provides some decent amount of information at your fingertips . I 'm just afraid of the tediousness of it all . - The leather flip cover for the MW is really flimsy , while the Sharp is neatly self-protecting . I also like how you can open the whole thing 180 degrees , which is something the Seiko ca n't do . The Seiko only opens up to about 135 degrees , which might seem adequate until you get used to the Sharp . - The games that come with the MW are n't so great . I like the idea of creating your own wordlist , but it barely takes any , maybe 20 maximum . After playing with them a bit my first week with the MW , I stopped using the game function . - The Sharp has a grammar guide that I hardly ever use . I suppose it could be handy , but it just feels impractical.For a long while I carried around both the MW and the Sharp , with Sharp being my first resource then , if I have to , the MW , and if I really have to , the Concise Encyclopedia in the MW . After a while I just ditched the MW and now I only use the Sharp . It is a far better experience , and it 's become an indispensible tool . The Seiko I was really excited to check out , but for the price I was quite disappointed . The user experience , while better than the MW , pales compared to the Sharp . The entries in the Seiko are great , a lot of information and depth , but most of the terms in there are in the Sharp anyway , just not with as much detail . For $ 180 , I decided I could just stick with the Sharp for basic concepts on the proper nouns , and head to my laptop when I want more in-depth detail.Overall , I recommend anyone with a remote interest in having an English electronic dictionary to go with the Sharp . It 's the best portable reference I 've found so far .
 The Sharp PW-E550 is an excellent product . It is just slightly larger than a deck of cards when closed . It has two font sizes . The smaller one is perfectly readable for me and offers sufficient content on the screen . It performs amazingly well , very quick , and has so far had all the words I needed to look up.As one person mentioned , spend a few minutes going through the manual as there are a couple of features that are not readily apparent but are very useful . The Super Jump feature being the most notable , which allows you to lookup the definition of a word within a definition.The Sharp PW-E550 does everything I wanted it to do and more . A great buy .
 I 've only had this dictionary/thesaurus for one day , and its all-around perfectness has driven me to write this review . Sharp really does include the full contents of each book in this device ! 1 -RRB- Dictionary
 It 's amazing how so many reviewers give this electronic dictionary five stars . For the most part I agree . This is an easy to use electronic dictionary with a deep vocabulary database and a comfortable thumb keyboard . The dictionary itself is a good one not only because of its coverage but because it lists a word 's most frequently used core meaning first , unlike the Franklin English dictionaries where definitions are listed in chronological order , from oldest to latest -LRB- how stupid is that ! -RRB- . So whenever you look up a word in this Sharp dictionary , you 'll know which definitions are the most used ones . The included thesaurus is also pretty good and the grammar guide is fun to read.Unlike my Franklin 11th edition speaking dictionary , which had a lousy keyboard , this Sharp has large-sized keys that have the right tactile feel to them . There are also dedicated page-down and page-up keys , a very good feature . On the down side , the placements of Enter and Esc are unconventional and stupid and take quite some time to get used to.The multiple-line black and white LCD screen is sharp and you can view contents in one of two fonts and change the font size on teh fly via a dedicated Zoom key . -LRB- The Franklin , in contrast , requires a trip to the setup menu . -RRB- Unfortunately the LCD screen is not backlit -LRB- nor are the keys -RRB- , making it impossible to use this in the dark when you , say , have a sudden craving for enlarging your vocabulary while lying in bed . Given that most paper dictionaries -LRB- and the Franklin electronic ones -RRB- suffer the same problem , and given that a dictionary is usually used as a companion to reading something else , this may not be a big problem . Still , I wish it had a backlight option.Nicely , the Sharp uses just one AAA battery and has good battery life . The clamshell design protects the screen and keyboard and the size is small enough to carry in a pocket . The build quality stands in stark contrast with the Franklin 11th edition collegiate speaking dictionary
 I use the Sharp PW-E550 when I am out reading at a cafe , it is a great little tool and it has proven to be quite indispensable!PROS :1 . Relatively compact -LRB- size & weight -RRB- as compared with comparable Franklin models . It is not small enough to carry in a jean pocket -LRB- or a shirt pocket unless you are one of those that wears a pocket protector -RRB- , but it 's much better than having to lug a dictionary around2 . When you turn the unit on , it will be where you last left off , not the main screen - you 'll come to appreciate this feature3 . 8-line display makes it easier to skim through definitions without scrolling4 . Fast retrieval of dictionary/thesaurus entries - almost instantaneous5 . Spell checker is very good at finding the word you are looking for6 . The Super Jump feature is very handy -LRB- as mentioned by many other reviewers -RRB- 7 . The keys are well laid-out and intuitive to useCONS :1 . The unit is made in China , and the built-quality suffers a bit , but it is sturdy enough to take some beating2 . Soft buttons are comfortable , but occasionally enters one-too-many characters , this coming from a Blackberry user who 's comfortable with even smaller keypads3 . A backlight will be a nice addition to the feature set but not a necessity4 . In addition to the History which is marginally useful , it 'd be nice to have more memory to store words of your choosing on the unit -- electronic flashcard ?
 I own the PW E550 and the PW E500 . Neither model has dissapointed me as far as variety of words . I have yet to stump either device reading classic English works . I bought these dictionaries based on the reviews on this page and the reviews of the competing devices from Franklin and Seiko . Also , I think the Oxford Dictionary of English -LRB- and its American counterpart -RRB- are excellent reference books , better put together -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- than Merriam-Webster or American Heritage.The E550 has the grammer dictionary , which is a great tool . The E500 has the dictionary of quotes , which is nice , but I think I would have rather had the grammer dictionary.The definitions are long , very informative , and easy to understand . The definitions are also organized as to most modern meaning first , considered the core sense , followed by sub-senses which might be
 Buying this dictionary was one of the best investments I have ever made . It has nearly every word I need to look up -LRB- the ones that do n't show up are latin words that are rarely used in philosophy , which I would n't expect most dictionaries to have anyway -RRB- . The thesaurus is a great tool to have , helping me to use a greater variety of words while writing . The Garner 's Modern American Usage was a pleasant surprise , giving detailed explanations of specific usage issues in the English language.I was comparing this to the Franklin Electronic Dictionary -LRB- Merriam-Webster College Dictionary 11th ed -RRB- , but I really despised the idea of a talking dictionary and I much prefer the pronunciation guide . While the Franklin model does have games and tools designed to help expand one 's vocabulary , it seems -LRB- at least in its description -RRB- to be full of unnecessary features . The Sharp dictionary , on the other hand , is very easy to use and is well-suited for its purpose.All this being said , I should point out that after only two weeks of use , the LCD broke on my dictionary . I suppose that maybe I set my backpack down too quickly and the force crushed it , but needless to say I was very dissappointed that this product could n't handle more than it did . I called Sharp and they are not going to cover my product under warranty , even though I feel it 's not designed as well as it could be . Despite my negative sentiments towards the company , I plan on ordering a replacement and buying a hard case this time .
 I have been a lover of dictionaries for many decades now . I enjoy learning and one can not learn if the words are not understood!Seems I am always `` in search of a better dictionary '' . When the first Oxford American Dictionary came out I was very impressed with its clear , easy to understand and simple definitions . Main thing missing then was there were no derivations for the words and it was not expansive enough . Later the dictionary was greatly revised and expanded and provided derivations . But skimped on examples for definitions.Then came the New Oxford American Dictionary -LRB- NOAD -RRB- . This dictionary is about as good as it gets in a single volume that can be lugged around . Weighs about 8 pounds.The NOAD has excellent definitions . It presents its definitions in a very simple way that is an upgrade over previous dictionaries . Something like Encarta , but has better definitions and more examples . And has excellent derivations.Also , very importantly , gives simple examples for most of the definitions . In the past the dictionaries that provided examples for their definitions usually gave sentences from English Literature . And often these sentences contained words that were uncommon and forced one to look them up in order to have understanding . Sometimes these words were so uncommon you could n't even find definitions for them in the dictionary that provided the example ! The NOAD provides simple examples that illustrate the meaning , but are not pedantic.So if I can only have one dictionary at my disposal at any given time I choose the NOAD . Understand , though , that the NOAD might not be the best dictionary for a person that has n't been looking up words for some time . A simpler dictionary might be more appropriate for regular use . In which case this dictionary would be a great second dictionary for finding words and definitions missing from the easier dictionary.When I discovered that Sharp had teamed up with Oxford to put the entire NOAD in a small package I was delighted.This tiny device contains the entire NOAD PLUS an Oxford Thesaurus and a Grammer Book.The electronic dictionary is superbly done and functional . Very easy to use and actually makes looking up words fast and fun . If you are in a definition and need to look up another word in that definition you can do that quickly and as quick return to the definition you were in.You can also look up a word in the new definition if needed . You can continue to do this , if needed , and still be able to return -LRB- without using the history function -RRB- via the same word path . The dictionary keeps track of this direct path up to 10 words . If you need to go back further the History function is there to do so . The history function keeps track of 30 words.Phrases and idioms are also very easy to find . Much easier than in a regular dictionary . Sometimes one does n't know which word entry might have the definition for the particular idiom . Here you can type in up to 3 words in the phrase and the dictionary finds the phrase and its definition immediately.I recommend you read the manual . You can even download it before purchase . It is easy to understand . Knowing how to use this convenient little device gives you great power in terms of mastering words rapidly.You can jump to other definitions , to the Thesaurus or Grammer book , to notes on definitions , etc. and back again with ease . The facility of navigating the dictionary is superb.The history function is very useful as it keeps track of words you have looked up and permits fast access to them.The dictionary is so useful I bought another . It is small and lightweight . -LRB- Wo n't leave home without it -RRB- . I will probably buy several more to give to others I know.If you want to learn the English language and have rapid access to words for anything you are studying this dictionary is a MUST .
 I love this little Sharp electronic dictionary . I read many papers and find the convenience and power of this small device simply amazing . It always accompany 's me while on the computer and I am in a constant state of learning new words . The `` History '' feature lets me `` remember '' what I forgot . Get this device since it is GREAT !! Peter .
 It 's new so I do n't have an opinion on battery life or durability . So far , this is the best gadget I 've ever purchased . It 's great to have bedside when you 're reading at night . No more getting up and fumbling around for my large and heavy dictionary.It 's expensive but I 'd like to send one to everybody in my family .
 This is the best electronic dictionary I have ever owned . It requires only one AAA battery and the original battery lasted for over 1 - years . All definitions are easy to understand and the thesaurus is loaded with tons of words . The display is very easy to read.There are so many great features with this incredible electronic dictionary that I just bought another one for my 11-year-old granddaughter . When she comes to visit , she is always asking to use mine . Now my 9 year old GD is asking for one to .
 The Sharp E-550 is a wonderful , easy-to-use dictionary , covering an amazing variety of words , including medical , biographical , and geographic .
 This electronic dictionary is the answer to my dreams . I am really interested in words and am also interested in increasing my vocabulary . This item is easy to carry and I always have it with me . I have an Sony Electronic Book and now my electronic dictionary . Does n't this make sense . The speed is fast , buttons are easy to type and the sound is great . Imagine it only takes 1 battery . I had another electronic dictionary that took 4 batteries and they went fast . I recommend this item to anyone who is interested in getting a new electronic dictionary .
 I bought this dictionary to ease my reading novels as I am not a novel speaker of English . It did the job . I do n't remember a word this dictionary was not able to find . Words from most complex novels such as Ulysses are in it -LRB- except the made up gibberish of Joyce . It is a fast and efficient way to find words .
 I purchased this for my honey , who is often greeted with the desire to use a word but ca n't quite spell it correctly or sometimes wants to find a good alternative to an overly used term and badda bing ... there it is ! The type size/font is great ! The manner in which you can search seems very easy to me ... I am a computer user but at age 44 I have earned it . If you work in the dark often or low light situations then this might be a challenge as I believe it does NOT have a backlight . Other than that ... I think for the price and the reliability and ease of use it will get FIVE stars from me . My honey is going back to college ... so this type of item gets used a great deal ! I read one review by a guy -LRB- perhaps you did too -RRB- who is a ` writer ' and likes it too ! How can you go wrong ?
 I rate this excellent for portability and quite convenient to learn new words without fumbling over dictionary pages .
 Wow ! I just got my new pocket dictionary , Sharp 's PW - E550 . I put it through the paces and in came up with flying marks . Easy to use and navigate . Great keyboard and the zoom feature on the screen is a real eye saver , especially when you 've been reading or studying for hours . When you look up a word it gives you a full definition unlike so many that give a greatly simplified definition . I have had other electronic pocket dictionaries and none of them had the ease of use as does this one . Fits in a shirt pocket , backpack or purse . I would highly recommend this electronic dictionary . Oh yea , it runs on one AAA battery ; a real plus .
 I just received this from Amazon a couple days ago and randomly browsed through the Merriam-Webster 11th Collegiate dictionary for unfamiliar words to see if they were in the Sharp e-dictionary . The following words in M-W could not be defined : assumpsi , acaulescent , achondrite , acock , acrocentric , archaic smile , autogenic -LRB- although its synonym , autogenous , was there -RRB- , betta -LRB- has Siamese fighting fish , however -RRB- , cack-handed , celestite , churro -LRB- a yummy snack -RRB- , echelle , ecesis , engild , ergogenic , festinate , gimmal , gormless -LRB- it includes several other British terms , though -RRB- , guidwillie , immerge , junker , naumachia , parcener , piggin , rareripe , scrannel , seraphim , thin-skinned -LRB- available in Phrase Search -RRB- , many medical/chemical/biology / disease terms in M-W but not in Sharp , some biblical words/references , some dog breeds and obscure plant/animal names , Scottish-derived words , some archaic words -LRB- the large majority of uncommon words I looked up were available in the Sharp -RRB- . I doubt I 'd have ever encountered most of the words omitted in the Sharp PW-E550 had I not purposively searched them out . What I love most is that it has pronunciation symbols for just about every word I 've looked up -LRB- for words without a pronunciation key , I 've found the keys to be available for their corresponding root words -RRB- . It will even teach you how to pronounce monosyllabic words such as dog , foot , hat , me , I , and so.I 've read on Amazon UK reviews that the British version containing the `` Oxford Dictionary of English '' -LRB- PW-E500 or PW-E300 -RRB- omits pronunciation keys for many words -LRB- such as `` revel '' -RRB- , which I think is one of the most important features of any non-talking dictionary . I guess Sharp assumes British folks do n't need help with pronouncing certain words . The Canadian version -LRB- PW-E560 -RRB- , for sale at Staples in Canada , features the same dictionary as UK version -LRB- plus a comprehensive French-English dictionary -RRB- so it probably also lacks pronunciation keys for some words.This is the only reason I decided to go for the PW-E550 - although it has 100,000 fewer definitions , I can trust it to have pronunciation keys for words that I am not sure how to say aloud . It does n't assume that there are any words , no matter how short , that you can naturally or easily pronounce without its assistance.Overall , I am so pleased with my new dictionary . Garner 's grammar guide is especially fun to peruse - it 's like Strunk and White with a lot more entries and excerpted examples of what is right/wrong . Do n't toss your print dictionary - you 'll need it for the rare word that Sharp can not define . I recommend this to anyone who reads anything , and students , as long as they know how to take care of their things . Like most electronics , it is very fragile ; reviewers have had screens break after just 1 fall , and it 's unlikely Sharp will do anything for you then.Edit
 I like the dictionary , but have only one complaint . When you first turn on the dictionary the product displays a ramdom word , you have to clear it to go to the next screen . The next screen you have to choose amoung seven books , from dictionary to translator . When you enter dictionary , you then go the screen to enter the word your looking for . To many steps , would like it to go directly to `` enter an English word , '' and if I wanted any of the six other books , I can choose to do so then .
 this is the first electronic dictionary i 've bought so i ca n't really compare or anything , but it gets the job done . i like it .
 VERY NICE PRODUCT , I AM HAPPY WITH THE RESULTS EVERY TIME I NEED TO FIND A WORD . THE ONLY PROBLEM FOR ME IS THAT DOES NOT COME WITH AUDIO . IT WOULD BE GREAT IF THIS PRODUCT COMES WITH THIS FEATURE SO I CAN HEAR THE CORRECT PRONUNCIATION . I WOULD RECOMMEND IT IF AUDIO IS NOT IMPORTANT TO YOU .
 I spend time in the US & UK . I always wanted a portable dictionary with a ` bit of meat ' & so far , this fits the bill - by that , I mean that I paid 95 instead of $ 95 for the better version that is sold in the UK.Why better ? because it offers more words & spellings as well as the other useful features mentioned by another reviewer.It is an expensive bit of kit , but a one off buy , so make sure you get the right one - tricky if you are only in the USA but worth it -LRB- try amazon.co.uk -RRB- - if you like words , buy this , It is small , portable & very useful because of that fact - but plump for the UK version .
 So far the Sharp Electronic Dictionary meets our expectations . My wife is going to college and English is a second language for her . She needed something simple and understandable . She is extremely happy with it to date .
 I 'd like to know if the explanations of the words are in easy way to be understand , because I live in Brazil and I 'm an intermediate student.Thanks very much
 This dictionary is perfect for travel . Word games like Quiddler and Crosswords are much more enjoyable . College students and anyone who does a lot of writing will find this little tool very accessible with it 's display of possible words as you enter the letters of the word you are looking for . If your need is for more indepth usage of words these electronic dictionaries are not for you .
 Wonderful handheld electronic dictionary . Easy to access and easy to read . Ca n't say enough for it !
 Sharp Electronics PW-E550 Electronic DictionarySo helpful when I travel ; does so much more than just serve as a dictionary .
 This electronic dictionary is easy to use for someone with stiff fingers as I have . Also easy to read . I have n't tried all the features but I can find what I want on it . I 'm very satisfied . Also , I like the fact that it is powered by AAA batteries .
 I was pleasantly surprised at the complexity and completeness of the information available in this device . It is a splendid companion to me in my reading and crossword pursuits . It is also helpful with British word usage which is sometimes different than american usage .
 What I 'd really like is a pocket electronic device which combines a good pocket dictionary like this with a good pocket atlas!Does anyone know where I can find such a device ? -LSB- ... -RSB- The picture-based atlas would obviously require much more memory than the text-based dictionary . Is that requirement beyond the capability of today 's technology ? ... What about including in one pocket device more functionality , includng a fast-graphing calculator ...
 This is really really cool for students who do n't have time to get the paper dictionary or someone who wants to use electronic dictionay . I like it , Thanks .
 This is my first electronic dictionary/thesaurus and it was well worth it . It saves a lot of time over flipping pages of the paper versions . The display is very readable , the keyboard is user friendly and the dictionary overall is very intuitive to use . I love it .
 The Sharp PW-E550 electronic dictionary exceeded all of my expectations . It is very convenient with a clean and simple interface . This is a very well designed device . I am not likely to use a dictionary in book form again as long as the PW-E550 is nearby . I use it often as I read non-fiction books -LRB- philosophy , science , religion -RRB- . I was skeptical that many of the words of interest would be found in this small dictionary , but I have not been disappointed while searching for a word using the PW-E550 . Even my kids -LRB- ages 10 and 13 -RRB- are using it easily to their homework . This is a wonderful product . I highly recommend it .
 A solid and easy to use product.I thought I was getting an English dictionary but the American version came.My last one I used for five years before the screen started to fragment the words .
 I love to work crosswords , and I bought the Sharp to replace a Franklin . The Sharp is much faster , has a dictionary with many more entries -- with pronounciation guides , sample sentences , and etymology -LRB- yes , the Sharp defines it . -RRB- . It also has a thesaurus that I 've found valuable . It has other features including grammar checking , spelling , and calculating which I have n't used -- nor can I attest to its durability since I 've only had it a short time . I like this unit , and I 'm glad I chose it .
 There is little to add to the many excellent reviews . I am writing this to add another five stars . I only wish it could be updated .
 This is really a nice little addition to my reading . Instead of jotting down a word or words to look up later , I now have the Sharp E500 in my shirt pocket . It also helps when writing away from my computer . The only thing I would have wished they added is a word game like `` Hangman '' to pass the time when stuck in a waiting room etc. .
 I really like this dictionary . Many years back I bought one for my son - he finally wore it out after very heavy use so I got him another one . I 've had mine for several years . It is 3 '' x 5 '' folded to protect the display and keyboard , opening to 6 '' x 5 '' . The screen is easy to read and even has a zoom text mode . The keyboard buttons are big enough to be easy to use . Seldom is a word not found . It has one AAA battery which lasts a long time and with no use the unit turns off after about 2 min . The case seems to be sturdy , but I have n't drop tested it.As mentioned by one other reviewer there are several handy additional functions
 Outstanding device with extensive word capability . I have yet to enter an English term that my electronic dictionary can not define . I use it frequently when reading nonfiction and I carry it with me when I travel to conferences . Great product!Sharp Electronics PW-E550 Electronic Dictionary
 The best thing I like about this product is the search criteria to find the words . Even the whole spelling is not known then it is very easy to find the meaning . The keys are really good and easy to type the text .
 I like this product very much . I like the button `` Super jump '' very much.It is easy to use . PWE550 is a great dictionary .
 Been using it for a few months now and it 's lived up to and exceeded my expectations . Perfect dictionary , easy to use and I love all it 's features . I am actually looking out for a second one to buy for my mom .
 I purchased this electronic dictionery for my father who 's in his 70s , loves to read and was complaining to me about what a pain it is to look up words . I wondered if he would `` take '' to it since he 's not very comfortable with technology , but decided it was worth a try.I based my decision on Amazon user reviews of various electronic dictioneries . So many said they preferred their PW-E550 because it was easy to read and the buttons functioned well in comparison to others they had purchased . I am quick with electronic devises and was able to learn enough on Christmas morning -LRB- in 5 minutes -RRB- to easily show him the main features . I found it intuitive and easy to use . As well , much to my surprise , the `` super jump '' function was straight forward , -LRB- other users had said it was n't -RRB- just cursor to an unknown word within a definion , hit the super jump button , and that word is clarified without leaving the original definition . So far my father has been using every day .
 I have found the Sharp PW-E550 Electronic dictionary to be very useful indeed , whereas with a conventional dictionary , I would have to spend 20 to 30 seconds , looking for a word , with the electronic dictionary , i just type in the word i want and presto , there it is . The ease and flow of navigating through the PW-550 , make it very user friendly . I can not compare other electronic dictionaries similar to this model , but it sure is handy when you a reading literature and come across a word that is new to your vocabulary . I gave it four stars because , it would be nice if this model offered the voice pronounciation option , and a back light option . Either way this an Excellent Product .
 Yet another review saying this dictionary is GREAT , buy it ! My only tiny complaint is that it 's not backlit . It 's so easy/fun to use though , I would never use my old bookmark dictionary again .
 Its a fast and very informative tool to have at your finger touch .
 This is a great product , dictionary , synonyms , calculator and many other function.the american version of the dictionary i think it 's quite straightforward and go to the hearth of the language.i had also an english - italian translator of sharp -LRB- which i lost -RRB- and italian dictionary!sup .
 Bought this for my wife for Christmas and it meets our likes and expectations . Not every word is covered but most words that we try are there . There are a lot of words in the Scrabble Dictionary that must be special to that game and we doubt that any other electronic dictionary would have them either . This little device also helps my wife with transfer learning applied to using the computer . And , she made a little case and carries it in her pocketbook . So , we are pleased with our purchase .
 This product is far superior to it 's competition . It needs updating because it is over 10 years old and needs cyber language added as it has none . It also needs better quality electronics as it does not seem to last . Mine quit after a couple of years . My replacement , an ` advanced ' model from a competitor , has been reported to last for 20 years , but so what , if the dictionary is lacking and difficult to read and you do n't like it . Still this one is the way to go if you need one . I am considering buying another one , but am hoping for an update .
 This is a great item for a low-tech reader like your favorite aunt . It 's small enough to carry around with a book and much faster to use than a paper dictionary . To use it just as a dictionary is straight forward and non threatening , perfect for a retirement home -LRB- like mine , where several are in use -RRB- . If you have a smart phone or read your books on a Kindle there 's no need for it . A bit pricy at $ 70 but a welcome gift .
 I have been using this dictionary for over two months and so far so good . It is easy to use and it has a decent word count . It wo n't replace the Shorter Oxford -LRB- two volumes -RRB- , but it is very easy to carry and that is an important consideration for an avid reader.I do have another electronic dictionary/thesaurus from Franklin and I like this one better . The only feature I wish this one had is an automatic word search between dictionary and thesaurus . For example , if you are in the dictionary mode reading the meaning of the word `` cling '' , you could get synonyms for it by simply pressing the thesaurus key .
 This is one of my all time favorite gifts . My husband got this for me last year -LRB- 2008 -RRB- and I love it ! It is perfect for my needs . I almost always use it for the dictionary and not for any of the other features it has.It does n't come with a travel case which in my opinion is a mistake . I read some other consumer reviews from people who said that their unit died on them . So , I went out and purchased a Case Logic portable Hard Drive case for mine . I tend to be pretty careful with my stuff as a general rule but still I did n't want my dictionary to accidentally get wet or knocked on the floor.So far , so good , it 's been a year now and it 's still working like new . I have n't had any problems with it and I 'm hoping I wo n't . I use it regularly and I am very , very happy with it , I love it !
 Upon looking up yet another word in the novel I was reading , I said to my husband `` there must be a nice little electronic dictionary available with all the other devices on the market . `` Lo and behold I went online to Amazon and there was just what I needed ! No longer am I killing my wrist picking up our large heavy dictionary . I have my handy dandy Sharp the size of my palm and get more than enough information about the word I am looking up . It is absolutely wonderful ! Sharon Seck
 This product certainly does not need another positive review but I had to make a couple of points . I can honestly say Sharp made this unit perfect . The keys are just right , not too soft , not too hard . The design and layout and screen are all the best of any product on the market . This unit is well thought out and of a solid build quality . This device is designed for real world use , not filled with gimmicks . It is incredibly fast and after using it my Franklin feels like the cheap toy that it is . The dictionary itself is very diverse and has almost every word that I look up , even old English . This the BEST , it really has NO competition!The Franklin that I used and returned was junk . It claimed to have 400,000 definitions , NO WAY is that true . Four out of ten words that I looked up were not available , it was cheap , randomly turned off by itself and the menu system , translator and other gimmicks were in the way and useless . It was slow , flimsy and dated . Franklin is trying to sell cheap China junk and 15 year old technology in the hopes that no one will notice . I was actually insulted that they tried to pawn off that junk for what they were asking . It had the quality of a $ 10 Royal unit that you would get at Walmart . Anyway , enough with the Franklin.This Sharp product is beautifully designed and works very well . Your search is over !!
 I owned one of these for four or five years and finally wore it out . After looking around at others on the market , I decided that it really is the top-of-the-line so I purchased another and have been just as happy with it . Mainly I use it for spelling and definitiions . One great feature is the ` wild card ' option that allows me to put in an asterisk in the place of a missing letter or letters , and get all the possible results . Other spellers do not offer this .
 Love the convenience of not having to lug my big unabridged dictionary out . Does n't have as many words , though .
 This was exactly what I wanted
 This is the best electronic dictionary you can buy . Its design is practically perfect , and the books it contains are not `` pocket '' editions ; they are big , first-rate references that you would n't want to carry around with you -LRB- this dictionary is about the size of a Palm Pilot -RRB- . It 's much more convenient to use than running to your PC every time you want to look up a word . Check the prices of the references in the PW-E550 and you will see it is worth every penny . Sharp also markets similar models in the UK and Canada . Each has its own advantages . The Canadian and British models contain the Oxford Dictionary of English instead of the New Oxford American Dictionary , and one of the Canadian models -LRB- the PW-E560 -RRB- also has the Oxford-Hachette French Dictionary , one of the best French-English , English-French dictionaries available . Sharp electronic dictionaries have lots of useful features , but two of the best are the Quick View button and the Super Jump button . The Quick View button instantly gives you a condensed view of long entries so that you can easily navigate to the part of speech or precise sense you are looking for . The Super Jump button allows you to jump to the definition of a word that appears within an entry , and then return to the first entry . Let 's hope Sharp is reading these rave reviews and decides to make more products like this .
 It 's a very handy tool when it comes to reading . The control is easy and it has the most updated vocabulary . It gives you examples on how the word is used in context besides the definition .
 I find this to be a very useful dictionary . If you like the definitions in the New Oxford American Dictionary , then you will like this electronic dictionary . Sometimes the definitions are a little too wordy or complex , but you can easily look up the meanings of words in the definition without losing your place in the original word . But this does not happen too often.I would definitely recommend reading the manual before using it , as it simplifies the use of the dictionary , and you really get to see how all the features work .
 Now I can look up words , eras , even historical figures conveniently on the bus or anywhere without hassle . It stores a history the last 20 words you have looked up so you can easily review them . It even has a little grammar portion too , examples , etc. . It is one of the most useful purchases I have made this year .
 I purchased this almost 2 years back . I bought this for my wife . She uses it almost everyday . The only problem i see in this product is the backlight . When in the dark you can not use this as there is no backlight .
 Portable , easy to use , and has just about every word I look up . Definitions are very comprehensive , and pronunciations and origins are given for every word . `` Superjump '' feature lets you easily look up any word you find within a definition . Screen is clear and easy to read , and you can adjust the angle . Have had this for a couple weeks and am very , very satisfied . If you 're looking for a portable dictionary , this is a great choice !
 The Sharp PW-E550 is way better than anything I ever got from Franklin in the past . Unfortunately , Franklin has pretty well had the market on handheld electronic devices for too long , and must have the worst customer service of any company in the world ! I 've never dealt with people so rude and unreasonable in my life , and I will NEVER buy any of their products again . I certainly hope Franklin continues to receive some much needed competition with better products and much better customer service.As for the Sharp PW-E550 , it 's a nice , solid piece of equipment and is very user friendly . The keypad is large and easy to use and see . The dictionary definitions are perfect for what I use it for , which is to do my crossword puzzles with . I will definitely be purchasing more Sharp products in the future.Thank you , Sharp !
 This Dictionary/Thesaurus/Grammar Guide has been everything I hoped for . Being a college student , I was initially apprehensive of the price for this product , but the rationality of the ease of use -LRB- and the wealth of information within -RRB- weighed heavier for me than the price tag . I strongly recommend this product , as I have found it easier to use than any print Dictionary or Thesaurus , mostly because of the highly intuitive `` Super Jump '' feature . On a side note , I have just recently upgraded my Mac-OSX to the Tiger edition and it has the complete New Oxford American Dictionary and Thesaurus integrated as a Widget , plus you can open it as a stand-alone application . Although this is an incredible computer feature , the Sharp Dictionary is obviously much more convenient for normal reading situations than using a labtop , and the cross-reference is actually easier overall to use .
 Good * Screen size is just about right , very readable and fairly bright . Zoom feature is excellent * Love that the words appear as you type , very fast . Only the spell checker has a delay , but works very well . * The definitions are extensive and include a sentence with the word.Bad * Not a biggy but for the price I wish the case was metal . * I 'm not always reading in a well lit room when I look up a word so a backlight would be nice .
 This electronic dictionary has not let me down even once . I have looked up thousands of words with it and I always get a definitive definition . This is a solid dictionary that everyone should consider buying
 Very good product . I use it almost daily now . It is quick an easy to find what ever word you need . Even the crossword finder and anagram have come in handy while writing poetry . I have only a few complaints . A light up screen would be very amazing , and there were a few times where I did not find a word but that 's to be expected . That is the only reason it has four stars . Other wise even the light up screen would have gotten it six ! Great product HIGHLY RECOMMENDED
 One of those perfect little items . Easy to use and worth every cent I paid for it . So handy I bought one for my grown daughter who uses it daily at work -LRB- so does everyone else -RRB- .
 I was truly amazed at the details this dictionary had . It exceeded the old one I had been using and is better than the ones found on-line .
 I purchased this for a co-worker . He likes the orientation of the keypad and the fact that they are larger than those on one previously purchased . He is very pleased with it and uses it quite frequently .
 I searched for an easier method for aphasics in speech therapy to look up words . I found it in this fabulous Sharp electronic dictionary/thesaurus . I highly recommend it for all of it 's functions , but it also makes learning fun . The small size and nice LCD screen are impressive .
 It was too cumbersome for my wife to have a dictionary close at hand when she is reading . This unit is small and compact and works perfectly for her . Well recommended .
 It 's very intuitive in how it functions . Right out of the box I was looking up words , using the `` super jump '' feature to look up words that I needed definitions for with in the definition of the original word . Word roots helped a lot . One thing I wished all dictionaries do -LRB- not just this Sharp -RRB- is to provide several sentences to illustrate different uses of the word , give list of words with similar meanings to illustrate the different inflections to each word -LRB- ie venerate vs revere -RRB- etc.Otherwise , this tiny unit is much easier to carry around in my backpack , quicker than looking up words in the dictionary and does n't require that I squint to read the text . The dedicated zoom button to enlarge/reduce text size is handy . Word search while the word you are being typed in is very nice since many times it saves me the time to input all the letters of the word.I 'd highly recommend this unit to anyone looking for an electronic dictionary . I got it for $ 71 or so and could n't be happier . If/when it breaks down years from now , I 'll be sure to look into this one again .
 In using the posted reviews and ratings on Amazon , I decided to purchase the Sharp though it was more expensive than many . The reviews were 100 % correct and I am just delighted with my purchase . The keyboard is easy to use and responsive . It is THE one to buy .
 Although this is an excellent product -LRB- easy keys , ability to link to words within the definition , history option -RRB- there are not many medical definitions .
 Great device . I researched as many as I could find online and this electronic dictionary is by far the best . I have had it for at least two years and accidently dropped it more times than I can count . It is scratched , nicked , and dinged all over - it still works . As previously mentioned in other reviews , the device does have a remote tendency of shutting off and seemingly not working . People have translated this into the demise of their dictionary . In actuality , it is a simple and very infrequent malfunction . I have corrected this with the combination of taking out the battery , putting it back in , and/or pushing the reset button on the back . If that does not work try replacing the battery . Aside from the fringe technical difficulties , this device is excellent . The intuitive layout allows for quick lookups , concise definitions accompanied with pronunciation and etymology . The history button is a nice refresher of the past 23 entries ... This is my first review . In a market plagued with shoddy designs that egregiously miss customers ' expectations , this product is the anomaly . It meets and exceeds what we the consumer demand . I hope my posts may lead a few more people to buy this product . In-turn they will be undoubtedly happy and advise others to buy it as well . Sharp and other companies will notice how quality products sell , and hopefully they expand into other product lines ... Just maybe my selfish motive , of having excellent foreign language translator , will come true .
 I purchased this for my elderly Mom for Christmas . She likes to do the daily Jumble , but her dictionary was very outdated and frequently useless . This electronic dictionary is worth every penny . It has so many different functions , is easy to use , and takes up very little space . So far we have yet to look up a word that has n't been in it and the anagram solver is useful when she 's really stuck on a Jumble word.I wish I had purchased it a long time ago !!!!!!
 I had been wanting an electronic dictionary for some time when this one went on sale . I am very pleased with its performance in general - finding the great majority of words I looked up in the dictionary and crossword functions . Even had good luck with archaic terms found in historical and fantasy novels . My only disappointments are the thesaurus and phrase search functions . Many words I input have no entries . Otherwise , I recommend this product .
 I 've been using this dictionary now for over a month and I think it works very well . Previously I had a Franklin dictionary and the font size was just too small and there was no backlight . It was even harder to see when I was on an air plane . It would have been an added bonus if the Sharp had a backlight , but the large font size kind of makes up for it .
 This is a great product . I recommend it to all readers who need to look up a word .
 I bought this for my 8th grader . He has some mild learning issues and uses this product frequently . He really likes how easy it is to use . His only complaint is that all his classmates want to use it , too !
 I love Sharp Electronics PW-E550 Electronic Dictionary . Easy to use , easy to carry . However , if it had audio function , then the product would be the number 1 .
 I now have a PW-E500A and a PW-E550 , the E500A is vastly superior to the E550 in all respects except one and that is anagram detection which is why I bought the E500 , being a crossword fanatic . I suspect that the person/people who produced the functionality of the E500 ran out of memory on the Sharp 's piece of hardware , Neither of them have a very good vocabulary compared with the printed OED , Chambers , Webster or Collins et . al.but they are far better than any other hand-held that I 've tried over the years . And , of course , it 's far easier to handle than a heavy-weight dictionary . We are on our fourth Sharp 's Electronic Dictionary - all the previous ones had multiple button failures , the last one had a duff ' ? ' - had to press the button a dozen times just to get one ' ? ' to come up on the screen . Do n't be put off by the problem though , the E500A is very heavily used by all my family and still lasted well over a year .
 This is a lifesaver to put in your book bag and have a portable dictionary and thesaurus in one .
 This thing is cool !! I 've had it for a few weeks now , and I 've been raving about it to everyone . I just slip it in my pocket and it 's ready to go when I stumble across a word I do n't know while reading The Economist or maybe some novel , while I 'm on the train to work . Also , it 's been particularly handy in studying words that show up on the GRE test . It does n't read the words to you , but if you can read phonetics , you 're set!Have fun !
 I have bought four for gifts and family . This product is great for any avid readers who come across new words , scrabble players or spelling addicts . It is very user friendly and can probably do more than we have used it for . It 's great for family dinner time conversations as a resource and for using in bed late at night while reading a book . It has more words included than any other products we 've tried .
 One of the most useful purchases I 've ever made . I bought this item almost four years ago and since then I use it everyday . I 'm thinking to get another one as a back up unit . Could n't live without it .
 My son started Kingdergarten and had already outgrown my vacabulary . Well he is advanced reader and I grew up in China , what can you say ? This dictionary works great for him and me . A great tool for student at all ages .
 I am totally satisfied with this unit ! The last one I had was very basic and died after 1 year of casual use . I use this one more often because of all the things it will do . Definitely a good buy you ca n't go wrong if you buy one !
 I bought this dictionary after reading the previous reviews and they were absolutely correct ! This device is faster and more extensive than many similar products . I use it almost every day.Thanks for the detailed reviews !
 I used to have a dictionary and thesaurus by my side all the time when reading . Those reference guides are hundreds of pages long and very inconvenient . Looking up a word required labor ; looking up synonyms required further labor . I also used a Franklin electronic dictionary , but it was so slow and inadequate that I dropped it within days for the aforementioned books . I needed something better.I started looking for an electronic dictionary on this site . When I saw this Sharp , my search was over . The reviews were overwhelmingly positive and I bought it.I 've been using it for about six weeks and can definitely say that this is one of the best gadgets for avid readers . It 's an Oxford Dictionary and Thesaurus as one . It 's very fast and gives you possible matches before you even finish typing a word -LRB- which is useful when you have doubts about spelling it -RRB- . It 's meticulous at giving you pronunciation , meaning , usage , and even origin of a word.Overall , this is an excellent investment . Do n't be discouraged by the price ; good dictionaries and thesauruses are expensive . If you include the convenience that you get with this Sharp , it 's fairly priced . I 'm very satisfied with it and I know that you would be too .
 I normally only review something if I really like it and can give it 5 stars . I am going this 4 stars simply because Sharp could have elevated the quality of this dictionary in terms of the readability of the screen -LRB- it looks a little like the old dot matrix print -RRB- and could have put a light in the screen so you could read the dictionary in a dimly lighted area . BUT , this is a very good dictionary and as far as I know the best on the market . It is user friendly , it has the neat function of keeping a history of the words you look up -LRB- with really difficulty words I ca n't remember what they mean so all I have to do it go to the history to find the word in the recorded list -RRB- , and other nice features . I am quite sure you will not be disappointed with it . The overall package is very nice
 If you are going to purchase an electronic dictionary , this is the best , most complete and most applicable to all kinds of reading material . I bought a second one for my son .
 I went to a store and was able to use some of the Franklin dictionaries ... like 11th edition of Collegiate dictionary , the speaking dictionary . I did a search and like some other reviewers have stated , they are not good , for the most part ; the speaking option is really not good , hard to understand for that one word i searched . The Sharp dictionay has a better screen , definitely more visible , by far better with the ability to look up words within words , the keys are much easier to handle , overall design is great . I wish they had other books though , like a true bilingual dictionary , or that the dictionary was a more recent edition . Overall this product is very good . I strongly recommend it .
 Love my Sharp PW-E550 Electronic Dictionary ! I have been waiting and researching all manner of electronic dictionaries . After reading all the reviews possible and carefully deciding which options I really wanted I selected the Sharp PW-E550 . I am an avid reader with an above average vocabulary . I so hate running into a word I do n't know -LRB- or am uncertain of -RRB- the meaing . The Sharp has made this situation a thing of the past . Not only is the Sharp fast , it is remarkably user friendly . I am so happy with it I will be buying another as a Christmas present for my granddaughter -LRB- also an avid reader -RRB- . The only thing lacking is backlighting . Once Sharp updates this feature , I will replace my current model.Five stars here !
 I love it ! It 's compact , light , very readable , and provides excellent dictionary , thesaurus , and crossword puzzle solutions -LRB- which , of course , I rarely need since I 'm so smart -RRB- . I can stick it in my pocket , take it to the beach and am never at a loss to understand a word with which I 'm unfamiliar .
 I have been using it for about 1 month . It has most of the words I looked for . But there is one thing that is annoying . For example , you enter a word like ` retributive ' , and it just shows you if it is an adjective but not the meaning . And you have to browse up to see the meaning of the root word , ` retribution ' or alike . Other than this , it is practical and fast . It gets the work done .
 I purchased this dictionary after reading reviews from the webs . The product arrived on time and works well . I have used it every day for my studying and reading . All information shared from previous reviewers about this product is true based on my observation .
 We have owned the Sharp electronic dictionary for just a few weeks and we find it wonderful . It is easy to use , powerful and has become our `` go to '' dictionary for our frequent Scrabble games - much easier than lugging our 10 pound Oxford dictionary around .
 This electronic dictionary is all and more I could have expected . I looked up words I 'd never heard of , and found ample examples of their uses in different ways . For me , it will be rare that I 'll ever use a dictionary in book form again , except perhaps to compare definitions .
 For the money I wanted to spend , this is the best out there and I tested many others . I too would have liked a backlight but it would have cost another $ 50.00 and I did not want to invest that . It is very fast and accurate and has multiple features that I love .
 I purchased the sharp PW-E550 electronic dictionary after reading all the great reviews . English is my second language , so I needed something portable to take with me in college . The thesaurus is been of great help when writing essays . I highly recommend this product . Also , it is pretty well-made , it does n't look or feel flimsy .
 This product was everything it said it was . I have it by my bed and it travels wonderfully , in fact it is the perfect travel partner . As a writer and reader , I have found it to be indispensable . A great find , so glad I went with Sharp .
 I just received it . Wrapping and product 's perfect . My daughter tried it and it 's so useful . Thanks to those previous positive review , I am using it with confidence and it proves .
 The Sharp Electronics PW-E550 Electronic Dictionary is an excellent product . It looks and even feels good . It is compact and very user friendly
 Purchased the Sharp Electronic Dictionary PW-550 a year ago . This is one terrific product . It is amazing and my husband and I love it . Would recommend it highly to anyone interested in an electronic dictionary , Thanks Amazon and Sharp .
 I have owned this item for just about 2 years and never had a problem . I love it . Works great and it 's easy to use . I ordered this version because in Canada we are forced to buy this model with French installed which takes away some of the English functions THIS model has . I did n't like being forced to by something that came with something with absolutely no use to me . So even though I live in Canada , I bought it at Amazon from the USA and had no problems getting it . Now I have the pure English version and it 's great !
 Have had this little device for about four years and finally , with daily use by 4 people , it has sadly died . We love this dictionary so much that we bought a new one immediately . Have tried others and none are even close to its ease of use , with the big screen , so easy to read and work thru the functions , you wo n't find better .
 This is the second one I have bought . The last one lasted about 7 years before I dropped it . I 'm an avid crossword puzzler and this works great . Much better than dragging out a ton of books when I get stuck and need some help .
 Good purchase . A lot of definitions with word origins . We 'll see what happens after the one year mark . Hopefully it retains screen integrity .
 Sharp Electronics PW-E550 Electronic DictionaryI received this as a gift last year and liked it so much I ordered one for a friend and she loves it too !! VERY easy to use .
 I enjoy doing crossword puzzles , this product is great for those pesky solutions you just ca n't figure out . I use it all the time .
 i am so glad i got this dictionary . i keep it in my purse or on my nightstand as i do a lot of reading in bed . it is easy to use and , so far , it has all the words defined that i have looked up . the only thing missing is the `` pronunciation voice '' but that was a choice i made at time of purchase and not the fault of the product . if i used it in any public setting , i would be glad it did not `` speak '' .
 I was so tired of never having my dictionary handy while reading a good book and rather than go hunt for it in another room , find the word in the dictionary , then go back to my book to refind my place , I would just keep on reading . No more ! This handy little Sharp electronic dictionary is exactly what I was looking for . It is easy to search for a word and is easy to read . It even has a zoom button to make the print larger and you can adjust the LCD contrast level . A great little , handy tool .
 I am an avid crossword puzzle guy so a dictionary is essential . Going to a big dictionary is a hassle so when my wife got me the Sharp PW-E550 a few years ago as a gift , I was very happy . It is easy to use and very convenient . It has lots of flexibility with not only the dictionary but also having the crossword application , etc. . After several years of use the original dictionary started breaking down , losing some of the characters on the screen . Probably some sort of internal issue . Anyway , I ordered another one since I loved the first one . The new one is just great and I would recommend it to anyone who needs a dictionary .
 I simply love it.The only complaint I have is that it does not have a back function .
 I do a lot of reading , and have tried again and again to use a dictionary to look up words I had never come across before , or to clarify a meaning of which I was not too sure . But the dictionaries that had all the words I needed were always so large and cumbersome . I tried a smaller electronic dictionary , but it did not know four of the first five words I entered . I tried going back to the large dictionary , still very frustrating . I came across this electronic dictionary in Amazon and started investigating it . Many good things were written about it , so I thought I would give an electronic dictionary another shot . WONDERFUL ! what a difference in my reading experience . It is sooo easy to use - I just opened the package and started to use it . So compact and it has all the words I looked up ! My husband now uses it quite often . Excellent product !!
 This is a handy tool for my students with limited vocabularies and poor reading skills .
 The Sharp electronic dictonary is an excellent product , and I have now bought four for myself , friends and family .
 I am quite happy with the Sharp Electronic Dictionary . The various features allow me to use the E.D. for many different tasks . The keypad is so easy to use , the keys are large enough to type quickly . When working on a project it is easy to change from using the different features by just pressing one key . The case is strong . Just close the cover and you can easily put it in your bookbag , briefcase or pocket . I like that you do n't have to have a different case to protect it . It is all in one . It would be an excellent choice for a child in school . It is so easy to use that a they could learn the features in a matter of minutes . I give this product 4 stars !
 This is the second electronic dictionary I have owned . My first one was another brand and broke down . After reading reviews on the electronic dictionaries , and seeing one about the Sharp , I bought and now am super happy that I got it because it is far more explicit than other brands .
 This product is great ! I highly reccomendit to everyone in school , specially for homeworks for papers , etc , it is of great help . very convinient size , pocket or in your school bag , it is much better than walking around with a huge dictionary , eh ?
 Has derivations , example sentences , is easy to use and overall PERFECT . I bought one for myself and two for my parents . The only thing that sucks is I had to wait almost a YEAR to order it because for some reason this sucker is hard to come by .
 I brought this electronic dictionary for my first grade kid . Everything works as advertised , suggested word list is very fast when you are typing . However , if you are looking for a speaking dictionary , then this one is not what you want . I have not explored all the other nice features on this little machine , but I love it already .
 This is a great product . Very easy to use and has most words and their derivations . I highly recommend this product .
 Easy to use . Easy to read screen especially with the zoom feature . Excellent breadth of content . Only fault I can find is that it needs to come in a 2-pack since now I want one at work as well as home .
 I love this dictionary because it is compact and reliable . I wanted one that could look up scientific terms for my biology class and most of the words I searched were there . Great product but when you look at the screen at a certain angle you can see lines pulsing through it which reminded me of a computer screen . That bugged me a little but as long as the product works , I do n't mind a minor flaw .
 Very happy with item . For the price I think it 's the best one for the money
 I just got this dictionary yesterday . It was so cute compact soft buttons and fast searching . Pretty much all my medical words were in there . I just keep searching so far so good for missing words . I prefer you to buy it ...
 The first one we bought about a year ago was so good my children had to fight who is the next in line to use during homework or reading for pleasure . We have 3 now and all is quiet . Thinking about buying the 4th , reserved for parental use .
 A handy tool with clear and concise definitions . Still , I found myself scrambing for a big dictionary at times for words that I thought should be included in the PW-E550 .
 Before , i bought this item , i read all the reviews on this page with every single one saying that it is a good buy . so eventually i did buy it . and its really good and user friendly , i didnt quite get the grammar thingy though , but the dictionary and thesauraus are really more than enough . so if your buying this item i would say its well worth the money .
 Well worth the money . Easy to read . We hav ` nt used our paper book type dictionaries , of which we have many , since making this purchase . This is our second PW-E550 . One for me and one for my wife . We read many mystery books , borrowed from our public library , and find these electronic dictionaries invaluable , even though we both have advanced educations .
 I have owned a couple of electronic dictionaries and have found this is the easiest to use with a great range of words and phrases coupled with some fantastic crossword solving tools . It is lightweight and an easy to use and transport size . I also love that it only requires one AAA battery which lasts a more than reasonable amount of time and is of course easy to replace .
 I already have the Sharp PW-500 model . Nothing beats an electronic dictionary ! Ever since I had the e-dictionary , my vocabulary increases by leaps and bounds . So I decided to buy a second one to put at the workplace , in addition to the first one at home . Without it , I find I will tend not to look up on new words because when you get home I would have forgotten what the word is . I bought PW-550 because it is the new model . Garner 's Grammar is included but I have not used it much . I find in comparison , the build quality of the old model PW-500 is better and I miss the Quotations . Also for the same word , PW-500 offers more synonyms . Looks like the new model PW-550 , which is lighter in weight , to make space for the Grammar , has sacrificed content , useful quotations and a stronger casing . THanks anyway for the great portability and convenience of an e-dictionary !
 I 'm loving this e dictionary - very user friendly , very fast , so helpful for a budding writer like myself who needs to check up words every minute . I wish the it had a pronunciation key - that 's my one and only concern which is why I gave a 4 instead of 5 .
 Nice product and easy to work with . Nice deal from Amazon it was more expensive elsewhere .
 I purchased this dictionary 4 weeks ago . Previously , i used to check the meaning of the words using my hard copy dictionary . I much prefer digital dictionary than the traditional dictionaries because of the following reasons .1 -RRB- Compact , light weighted -LRB- You can carry it almost any where -RRB- .2 -RRB- Searching is very easy . -LRB- Just key in few characters , and you will get the filtered list . Use the down arrow key and use ` select ' key to make your option -RRB- 3 -RRB- You can easily use ` super jump ' fuctionality to find the meaning of any word in the results .4 -RRB- It also comes with Thesaurus , Grammar , Spell check and calculator.I 'm very much happy with this product . Only drawback that I can see with this product is , using in-built currency converter . You need to do lot of configurations to use that functionality but the outcome is not that satisfactory . I rather use calculator to do that kind of calculation . But , hey , who cares for that extra functionality anyways ? :--RRB- As long it is working as a dictionary , thesaurus , I 'm happy .
 A product that works as advertised , in fact , better than advertised . I tried the Franklin product and was very disappointed in its simplicity and inadequateness . The Sharp has so far listed every word i 've entered , some of very obscure meaning and use . Not only is a definition provided , but pronunciation , origins , and often examples of usage . I purchased this also for Garner 's Modern American Usage , a wonderfully helpful work explaining the correct and incorrect use of words and phrases , which by default also offers a definition.This is a terrific product - have n't purchased in ages an inexpensive little thing like this that 's been so helpful , and just plain fun . Even if you have good command of the language , this will be helpful , and worth every penny . Plus , its easy to use ; I seldom looked up words in my many dictionaries -LRB- too lazy -RRB- , but I keep this thing near me and just flip it open when I need a definition or usage . Well thought out , designed and executed - it does a bunch of other things that I forget how to use since I just need the basics , but some of the functions might be helpful to you.No , I do n't work for Sharp nor am I a stockholder in the company , i 'm just so pleased by this little gizmo that I wholeheartedly recommend it to my most intellectual friends ; its nice to sometimes get value in a commercial product !
 This product is pretty much self-explanatory . The `` super-jump '' feature is n't , but once you learn it , it 's easy too . This feature allows one to move through a definition , highlight a word and define that word . Handy!Another good feature is that there are small essays embedded in the grammar function . These essays are quite informative.As far as the number of words defined , I 've only stumped it once , with `` bloviate '' . I highly recommend this electronic dictionary .
 Make no mistake , this is n't the OED crammed into a pocket sized device . So , while there are quite a few words not listed in this dictionary , there are a heck of a lot that are . This little ditty is nice and compact , easy to navigate , and has some nice features like a hitory log and a superjump button - which allows you to easily track the definition of words used to define the word you looked up . Travel friendly .
 I got my Sharp PW-e550 from Amazon for only $ 68.00 which is a great deal considering it was originaly $ 120.00 . I have yet to type a word and come up empty -LRB- even when i typed gibberish -RRB- . They say it contains 250,000 words , and I beleive it might contain more because I went to the full dictionary in it , and held the page down key which lets you veiw 5 definition at a time , and after 5 minutes I was still in AN . Also when typing this review i used the spell check about 9 times ! The only flaw is the over-sensitive keyboard . Overall this is one of the most usefull things I have ever bought .
 I 'm kind of a dictionary snob and was disappointed with several electronic dictionaries before I found this wonderful device.First , it 's loaded with what I feel is one of the best all-around dictionaries on the market , The New Oxford American Dictionary . I REALLY like this dictionary for several reasons : It has a lot of uncommon phrases and idioms.Its definitions fully explain the meanings of words and do n't rely heavily on synonyms . The definitions often include subtleties in meaning that other dictionaries lack.Its definitions also rarely contain other words that I do n't know , saving me from annoying `` word chains . `` It strikes a nice balance of providing enough definitions to be able to understand words in their many uses , but not giving so many definitions that you 're discouraged from wanting to go through them all.Its derivations are n't brief , uninformative blurbs like , `` OE -LSB- word -RSB- , '' but instead give enough etymological information to actually understand how the word evolved.The device itself is also very user-friendly . The highlights are as follows : It 's intuitive and easy to use.It 's very fast.Its `` Super Jump '' feature makes checking the meanings of words within definitions quick and easy.The zoom setting is a nice little touch.The battery life is good.The only negative I 've experienced thus far are occasional definitions that are n't explained well enough for easy understanding -LRB- for which I go to a different dictionary -RRB- , but this does n't happen often.I highly recommend this product .
 Amazing , well thought out electronic dictionary . Definitions are concise , thourough and instantaneous . I am an avid reader and I 've yet to stump it on any word entered , even foreign terms . Well worth the price . The other features -- thesaurus , phrase finder , cross-word solver , spell checker , etc. make it an even better investment . The viewer is easy to read and has a zoom feature feature for the visually challenged . You wo n't be dissapointed if you buy it . A five star , blow-out product .
 The Sharp PW-E550 dictionary is very broad , I have until now -LRB- I have been using it for over a year and it is always in my backpack -RRB- come up with only one word that I could n't find there . Especially the explanations for the origins of words is fascinating . Not to forget the encyclopaedic entries on famous people , states , countries , etc. . I previously had tried a franklin something electronic dictionary , it kept annoying me because it had almost none of the words I looked up and I needed to reset it often . The Sharp dictionary also has the pronunciation of words with phonetic symbols , which I find much more useful than some mumbling of the words by a speaker . The battery lifetime is quite long , too . I love this dictionary and I strongly recommend it if you want to enrich your english vocabulary and are interested in etymology .
 I actually own the UK English version -LRB- E500 -RRB- . In general this is a great electronic dictionary . My wife bought it for me for Christmas so I could use it at work but then she kept it at home to do crosswords so I had to buy the other version -LRB- E300 -RRB- . The pros are
 I purchased the Sharp PW-E550 Electronic Dictionary about nine months ago . After considerable use , my conclusion is that if you need or can get by with the pronunciation shown rather than spoken , the Sharp appears to be the best choice . I have also owned a number of different Franklin electronic dictionaries , and still use the Franklin Speaking 11th Collegiate Dictionary . However , the Sharp is quite considerably faster than the Franklin and the Sharp displays its results in a window running across the long side of the dictionary unlike the Franklin , which has the window along the short side . I like that the Sharp displays words to choose from as you begin typing the letters of a word , and it narrows down those choices as more letters are typed . I also enjoy its excellent zoom function and quick view key , allowing you to quickly get to the right choice where multiple definitions exist under a single word . It also has a useful history function that allows you to quickly get to words whose definitions you recently looked up . Sharp appears to have given considerable thought to useful functionality.However , it is not without its flaws . I have occasionally found the Franklin -LRB- i.e. Webster -RRB- definitions superior to those of the Sharp , -LRB- i.e. the Oxford American Dictionary -RRB- definitions and have not yet found the reverse . It also lacks a fair number of words that are in the Franklin dictionary , e.g. , erose , egis , ait , etc. . The symbols used by Oxford are somewhat more cumbersome than those used by such native American dictionaries as the Merrian Webster or the New World . However , in spite of these shortcomings , I would n't hesitate to recommend the Sharp PW-E550 as a good choice if seeing the correct pronunciation in writing , ease of use , speed , and functionality are more important than hearing pronunciation , and if missing the occasional more obscure word is acceptable . However , if spoken pronunciation and a fuller set of definitions is essential , and you can do without seeing the pronunciation , the Franklin is a better choice .
 I was a bit hesitant to purchase a Franklin dictionary because of the bad reviews and after using one myself i did not like the buttons or the small text size . I knew that I needed a dictionary though so I did a little research and found this one by Sharp which wasnt outrageously priced.I have been very happy with this product and have yet to find a word that this dictionary could n't define . The buttons are good , and the text size is large . Aside from being a good dictionary , it acts almost like a mini encyclopedia . For example look up `` Huguenot '' and it 's almost like u get a brief history lesson ! It 's got an extensive Thesaurus too . Overall , though it 's a bit more expensive than those cheapies , its worth it !
 This Sharp electronic dictionary is the perfect pocket companion for those times when you do n't have your laptop , or a dictionary handy . The interface is intuitive and the keyboard is amongst the best I 've ever used on this type of device . Moreover , the access times for Dictionary and Thesaurus lookups are very fast ; the `` phrase search '' function is a little bit slower , but not intolerable . There are also `` crossword puzzle '' and `` anagram solver '' functions that I have not used , but I imagine work fine . Another positive for this product is the fact that it uses a single AAA battery , not some watch-type cell battery.The only negative is that it does not have a backlight for the screen , but neither do many of the other comparable dictionaries . Hopefully Sharp will smarten up and put that in a future version of the PW-E550 . I believe this is BY FAR the best electronic dictionary you can get for less than $ 100 , and no , I do not work for Sharp Electronics .
 After using this unit for a month now I can say it 's just what I was looking for - except for the price.The Franklin electronic dictionaries , which seem to dominate the market are cheap crap.This unit has a nice large screen with large characters making it easier & faster to read . A big plus IMO are the large buttons which make it easier not to press the button next to it by mistake.The definitions come up with a very full explanation AND an example used in a sentence - nice.There will always be some things you wish they had done differently or features you wo n't use , but that 's the way it is with all these gizmos.Finally , it seems to be pretty well made and solid.I have to give this unit 5 stars in spite of the price .
 I chose this electronic dictionary because it is based on the Oxford English Dictionary -LRB- American version -RRB- . It has not disappointed.One feature I did n't think there was a use for is actually quite helpful
 I did n't give 5 on battery life because I have n't had it long enough to give a fair rating.I read a lot and find this unit handy to have nearby . So far I think it is worth the moneyand have no negative comments . It appears to be well constructed and is easy to use .
 I bought this as a Christmas gift for my 74 yr old father . He loves it and uses it every day . Easy use of product is a big plus .
 It has fewer words than the British Version Sharp-E500 , 250,000 to 355,000 words . It seems that the Americans need fewer words than the British do . Unlike the American version , the British version does not give pronunciation to all words . There is no pronunciation for the word `` revel '' . I like the British version for covering more words but hate it for can not pronounce the word `` revel '' . Therefore , I have to carry two Sharp electronic dictionaries Sharp-E550 -LRB- U.S. version -RRB- and Sharp-E500 -LRB- U.K. version -RRB- . Do you think it is fair to force me to carry two dictionaries ?
 I love it !!! Muy practico , facil de utilizar y es mucho mejor que un dicionario . lo utilizo todos los dias .
 delivery a little bit slow but right -LRB- it was the free delivery -RRB- , the package was right and the dictionary sharp is very good and comfortable tool . I definitely recommend it .
 I was motivated to purchase an electronic dictionary due to reading the science fiction writer Jack Vance . Although I majored in English and attended law school -LRB- years ago -RRB- I was overwhelmed by his vocabulary ; every several pages had a word I could not define . However , this device could not define the following -LRB- and other -RRB- words : roqual ; metathasm ; corolopsis ; gleft ; in one sentance there are several words '' ... peopled by gids , erbs , and deodands , as well as leucomorphs , ghouls and grues '' ; also
 This is very good dictionary with great functions and cross reference . It has clear definitions and examples . Pronunciation code bit difficult and must be learned .
 I am in college , I use this to look up big words in my textbook and it has helped me a lot . I use it everyday . It has the word in there 99 % of the time .
 This is a very nice dictionary and thesaurus . The best feature is the history feature where you can see all the words you have searched so far in a snap . My kids love it . They keep it near them whenever they read . I have to check the durability and how long it lasts though .
 For GMAT Prep , it is best to have a dictionary by your side . Yet , you find yourself too lazy to use hard version of Oxford , buy this product ! Likewise , if you are too easy to be distracted by online dictionaries , buy this product !
 This is the only electronic dictionary I 've ever owned . The reviews seemed mostly positive so I decided to give it a try . I 've had it for a few months and so far I really like it . Its relatively small so I can carry it with me to class just in case and always have near by when I 'm reading . It explains most words I need . There were few ocassions when the word was not in there and I had to use another dictionary , which is not a problem to me like I thought it would be . THe fact that the screen does not light up is not a problem to me either . Over all I think its a very good product .
 The PW-E550 works quite well . Lookups are very quick , and the interface is intuitive for both spouse & I -LRB- one a professional computer person , other NOT -RRB- . Have not found much in the course of normal reading that this does NOT have . Definitions are sometimes a bit spartan ; seem to drop some alternate meanings that a monster-dictionary might have , but they are always pretty obscure . Have had it a few months and no problem so far with battery life , durability , etc. . Have not made use of some of the features like the `` modern usage '' , which I tried a few times ; did n't seem to be very useful to me , anyway , but YMMV . It 's easy to ignore , anyway ! Overall , a great little tool for readers , students , etc. and far quicker than leafing through a big dictionary -LRB- fits on the end table better , as well -RRB- .
 I bought this for my wife because she wanted a portable dictionary . She not only got this feature but she got a spell check and a thesaurus that fits in her pocketbook . She is delighted with the gift.Sharp Electronics PW-E550 Electronic Dictionary
 Very nice portable electronic dictionary . I use it all the time . The screen is difficult to read sometimes , depends on the lighting . If they fix the screen , it will get 5 stars !
 I 've used quite a few metallic markers over the years , as I 'm an avid paper craft enthusiast . What I like about this pen is the rounded tip . I use them for edging card layers , ATC edges , and I find that by simply placing the pen on the edge of the paper on my table and pulling it down , I can get the perfect edge , as thick or thin as I want , without the fear of running the pen across the front of my papers . That , in and of itself , is an excellent reason to purchase this pen . But I was forced to set aside my craft projects for a few years , and my metallic markers sat , unused for almost 2 years . When I went back to them , I found that the Krylon pens had either dried out or changed colors -LRB- gold because ugly non-metallic green , copper became non-metallic brown , ect -RRB- while my Pilot pens were just as beautifully golden and silver , and just as juicy , as the day I opened them . I strongly recommend these pens to anyone that enjoys paper crafts and has need for a bright , metallic marker . They are my `` go to '' marker of choice .
 Good product that we have been using for years . The product came in good shape & good time.Will order again in the future
 Very nice xylene based ink . Very opaque smooth when used with any of the Super Color markers . Dries very quickly and evenly.The eyedropper dosent really hold very much ink , so it takes a while to refill a marker with it.The MSDS for this ink can be found here
 Works very well . I ran my CD and DVD `` test subjects '' thru about 10 times and the discs would physically start to curl up , like a potato chip.Which would further prevent any attempt to read them.Of course , I was just playing around with this new toy , but I think just once thru the unit will really mess up any chances at recovery of data.Also , my box , bought via Office Depot included FIVE software titles
 Product works very well . Fits quite nicely on the desk , a rather small footprint compared to some devices . It is very quick and takes just a few seconds to destroy the data on the disk . It is much better and cleaner than a device that shreds DVDs/CDs . I have used both types and prefer this method over any others . I tried to read the data back on several CD 's that were run through the device and it could not read anything . Very efficient for the price .
 I work for a small business and we ca n't afford the risks of data theft . Having this unit has put my mind to ease , especially since I work with very sensitive data.If you love gadgets , this is an extremely cool product to have . Its sleek and within seconds destroys your data . Its very compact and heavy duty , so its durable and can easily fit in a home office , as well as any place at work . You just insert the disc and within seconds thousand of tiny imprints are made on both sides of the disc making the disc unreadable.This is a great product because it securely destroys the data without having to shred the disc and having shattered broken pieces of plastic everywhere . For anyone who has owned or operated a disc shredder , they are very messy . This is an excellent alternative . Is so quick and easy to use , anyone can operate it.This should be a household requirement , as much as any other appliance in your home.I received my Norazza Data Destroyer within a couple days of placing my order which was very fast service.I strongly recommend this product for personal as well as for business use !!!
 I was looking for an innovative product that could quickly and affordably destroy a large number of cd/dvds . I work for a small business and we have lots of disks to be destroyed on a regular basis . This was an instant solution and very affordable . We are so pleased that we plan on making it mandatory to have on everyone 's desktop ! DO N'T HESITATE , BUY IT NOW !!!!
 This thing is simple ... plug it in , turn it on and send a cd through the slot . It comes out the other side with dents/scratches all over it.I was hoping it would DESTROY them ... I wanted little pieces of flaming plastic falling out . Heh.Works well , I leave it out in the Copy Center for any/all people to use and everybody seems satisfied .
 I bought this product because my paper shredders have jammed and failed and I did not want to get a CD/DVD shredder with similar problems -LRB- especially at their price -RRB- . This product punches holes in the cd/dvd in the data layer -LRB- between the plastic of the CD/DVD itself . I 'm not sure how it does it . I 've tried various CD/DVDs in computers after using this machine and none were read . Does this mean your data is absolutely safe ? No idea . The holes are evenly spaced apart . i guess if someone has a device which will make the CD/DVD available without mounting it as a drive and you have data that fits between the holes -LRB- this is likely as data does not take up a lot of space -RRB- and they can low-level read the disk to pull data , I guess it could be read . I am unaware of any device which offers that ability though . To give an idea of speed , I ran 48 discs through the machine in under 10 minutes -LRB- I was taking my time and letting the machine rest , though it was n't needed -RRB- . The machine never got hot either . I 'm very pleased with it .
 I received this item a week ago and am very pleased with it . The only downside I have found is that when it first pops what I assume is the seal over the CD/DVD , the resulting noise is a VERY loud POP for such a little machine ! Suggestion
 NRZDD3001 Data Destroyer , CD/DVD Data Shredder , Processes up to 15 Disks/MinuteI purchased this item on 3/8/2008 & received it on 3/12/2008 . It 's everything it 's advertised to be . It waffels both sides of the DVD or CD destroying the data & rendering them unreadable . It 's relatively quiet & compact , taking up little room on a desk . It 's simple to use & the fact that it does n't actually shred the CD/DVD 's causing a mess , is a plus . No more protective eyewear & work gloves . Also , the price is right . I highly recommend this product .
 The Norazza machine works great . I 'm an IT security manager and the mechanism this device uses to destroy the CD/DVD renders it such that if you insert it into a drive , the drive does n't even recognize that it 's there . It probably would n't be suitable for data discs that have extremely sensitive -LRB- military -RRB- data on them but for the purpose of compliance with many applicable federal and local laws this machine will do the trick .
 I 've been looking for this type of item for a while . I go through as many as 10 disks a week that must be destroyed . My heavy duty shredder ca n't handle it any more . A perfect answer to a growing need
 I was going to buy an expensive shredder . Not because I had a lot of paper to shred , but because I had sensitive data on CD 's that I wanted to destroy . This little machine does the job beautifully and I get to keep my trusty old shredder and pocket the money saved . I really like the lack of sharp little CD tidbits .
 This is a great little product ! It is smaller than I expected and fits easily in a corner on your desktop . I had a stack of CD 's with recordings of customer service phone calls that needed to be destroyed -LRB- HIPAA protected electronic protected health information -LRB- ePHI -RRB- -RRB- . This little product did the trick . One pass through indents both the front and back of the CD/DVD with thousands of little indentations that supposedly make the CD/DVD unreadable.One pass takes about 6 seconds to destroy the CD/DVD . If you feed the CD/DVD 's quickly one right after the other you can destroy 10 CD/DVD 's a minute . There is no mess to clean up but it is fairly loud -LRB- about the same as a loud shredder -RRB- . You would n't want to be talking on the phone while you were destroying CD 's , neither would others in the cubicles around you.The one thing I 'd like to see from Norazza is some real-life test results on the `` destroyed '' CD/DVD 's . I wish Norazza would offer a $ 1,000 reward to a geek that could read data from a CD after one pass through the Data Destroyer just to see how good it really is . I tried reading a couple of the CD 's after one pass through the Data Destroyer on both a Dell Desktop and a MacBook . Neither system could read the discs and both had problems , especially the MacBook , ejecting the CD because it was as though no CD was in the tray . I am hesitant to just throw the CD 's in the trash -LRB- HIPAA ePHI -RRB- and ran them through a second pass just to be sure they were dead -LRB- and because it was kinda fun -RRB- .
 This product lived up to my expectations . It works well , and there is no mess to clean up once it did its job.The way this product works is that you feed the CD through it . CD goes into one side , comes out of the other side . This device scratches CDs with numerous little holes . It does not shred the CD , it makes the data on the CD unreadable . There is no mess , no shards , nothing to clean up . The device is not too loud , and appeared quite durable as I have been using it fore more than 6 months on weekly basis and it has not given me any problems.I tried reading these CDs and DVDs on several computers and it not possible . After running my discs through this , I have no qualms about throwing out my old backup discs .
 Norazza DD3001 Data Destroyer CD/DVD Shredder lived up to my expectations . It works well , and there is no mess to clean up once it did its job.The way this product works is that you feed the CD through it . CD goes into one side , comes out of the other side . This device scratches CDs with numerous little holes . It does not shred the CD , it makes the data on the CD unreadable . There is no mess , no shards , nothing to clean up . The device is not too loud , and appeared quite durable as I have been using it fore more than 6 months on weekly basis and it has not given me any problems.I tried reading these CDs and DVDs on several computers and it is not possible . After running my discs through this , I have no qualms about throwing out my old backup discs .
 The Data Destroyer does a pretty good job at damaging the surface so the media is unreadable . The product description is misleading , IMHO . I thought the device would shred the media , but basically creates little needle holes in the media -LRB- top and bottom -RRB- which renders the media unreadable . I thought this device would actually shred the media , which is what I really wanted . Still , it does a reasonable job .
 I was looking for a CD shredder , but reviews for the inexpensive all indicated problems . Reviews for this CD destroyer -LRB- not a shredder -RRB- were all very good so I bought it . I very pleased with its ease of use -- just slide the CD in the slot and out it comes with multiple indentations . Occasionally , there is a loud crunch , but this did not inhibit the destroyer from working . I ran through about 50 CDs in a short period of time . I recommend this item .
 This is EXCELLENT data destroyer product . It is relatively very small product when compare to many other data destroyer products such as shredders . When it is in use , the noise level is reasonable . Other review had commented that it is too noisy but I disagree -- the noise level is at normal level expected out of machines which have moving parts . Since the size of this product is so small , it is very convenient and easy to move around and easy to place it to other location .
 Exceeded all expectations . Discs run through are not recognized . Strongly recommend this to anyone wanting to destroy discs or dvds .
 Sure it 's a little noisy , but it 's destroying DATA ! It 's CYA , what do you expect ? The DD3001 would accept disc just as fast as I could feed them and never missed a beat.I destroyed about 500 disc of various types and tested several of them just so I was sure they could n't be ready . They could n't . Now I just need to find a use for 500 + CDs and DVDs of various styles and colors .
 Destroyed the CD 's without any problem . Went through about 500 of them very quickly . Data was destroyed without a problem .
 While the little dots this unit impresses into the plastic of the disc does n't seem like much , every disc I ran through the machine was unreadable by even my most stellar blu-ray drives . While you could shred your discs if your shredder has the horsepower to do so , why would you need to ? This unit is quick , reliable and rock solid in its performance . Nuff said .
 This machine works exactly as described . It makes a cd unreadable by imprinting it with hundreds of tiny divots and it does it very quickly -- feed it into the front and it drops out the back ready to throw away . It has a small footprint so fits nicely on a desktop and it has enough weight to keep it from moving while doing its thing .
 If I did n't have a microwave then I would get one of these.I just put my CD 's in the microwave for a second or two on high , CD media completely destroyed.Makes some nice little flashes in the microwave , not unlike a piece of tin foil . It spiderwebs thematerial beneath the plastic . I have destroyed hundreds of CD 's & DVD 's like this.Of course I do n't recommend using your microwave for destroying CD 's : -RRB- Just telling how I do it .
 This product really works and does a great job at a low cost.Norazza Incorp Data Destroyer CD/DVD Data Shredder , Processes up to 15 Disks/Minute DD3001 / NRZDD3001
 I needed a chair for work , and I am very pleased with the back support that this chair gives me . As a nurse , I have to hop in and out of the chair all day , but I get a good support which I needed due to a recent back injury . The chair is strong and seems very durable , and I am pleased with it , especially for the price.The thing I did not like was the assembly directions , which were pretty much non-existant , so hopefully you have a good visual grasp on how this chair goes together . After a few trial and errors we figured it out . The pictures do not show all sides , so it did not help with our assembly dilemna .
 Finally got around to putting chair together and was very surprised that it took me less then 15 minutes . Chair parts and hardware are already together . You just need to back out the screws on the bottem and back of chair to put it together . There are 10 on the bottom and two on the back . Chair is a little different then what is pictured in the ad . Color is the same but the back and seat indents in the fabric are not in the chair that I received and the arms are a little different in style . I 'm a big guy , 260lbs and so far the chair is comfortable . I use it setting at my art table on and off during a given week . For the money , it 's a good buy .
 I got mine from Franklin Covey store and I really like the pen . the stylus is thin , but great to use , and the pen itself is very attractive.A few flaws :1 -RRB- For mine , the stylus did n't come with the original pen . The pen included three color pens -LRB- black , blue & red -RRB- and a 0.5 pencil . I had to purchase the stylus separately for $ 2 and change and then replace the red ink with the stylus . It 's no big deal , but make sure that the stylus is included if you want the pen for that purpose .2 -RRB- For mine , the black ink leaks a little bit causing smearing . I am about to return to the store and complain . I think that the leaking stops with continuous use , but I was disappointed since the pen is so expensive .3 -RRB- It is a bit heavy .
 I have owned one of these for many years , but found myself purchasing another just recently . Yes , it is a little pricey , but classic in style . Yes , it is a little heavy , but feels good in my hand . I became accustomed to the different inks and loading them quickly . Now , knowing that a stylus point can be interchanged with one of the inks makes it more valuable to me .
 These colors are great for kids . My nephew received some regular colored expo markers , so I got him these to spice his drawings up . They work well , they dont stink and the colors are pretty rad . The leafs on his trees are not so blue and the sky is not so dark . The pink works well for rosy freckles and the plum , not purple , is good for fruit colors like grapes ... beets . . or plums too .
 Vivid bold colors are perfect for drawing . They last a pretty long time too . They never come dry . They get the job done .
 Nice colors and ink flows really great . I am very satisfied with these markers and would absolutely buy them again .
 These markers are very sharp and bold when they are right out of the package . Like most Expo chisel tip markers I 've used , the caps are kind of resistant to going on and off , but that 's not a huge deal . We 'll see how they stand up to light office use ; so far it 's looking good .
 I love this product -- by eliminating metal staples , I no longer must remove them before shredding documents.This product also makes flat stacks of paper , without the bulk of the metal staples.Piles of paper lie flat , and filed items take up less room.It 's something I would -LRB- and have -RRB- recommend to others .
 This tube gets the job done and is one of the few available that fits the larger size posters I print for conference presentations . It did n't arrived `` used '' -- although it would have been ok with me if it did . Instead it arrived in a really big , nearly empty box . I recycle cardboard but it still seems a bit excessive and if it came wrapped in paper or something it would probably show up in similarly good condition .
 What can you say about a mailing tube ? It was exactly as described . Comes with white plastic caps that fit inside the tube . I held on the caps with shipping tape -LRB- also Scotch -RRB- , but you could probably staple them on if you had a heavy duty stapler . The tube has thick walls and is very sturdy . It was shipped in a long cardboard box , which I 'm using for storage -LRB- so it did n't go to waste -RRB- . The mailing tube was new and wrapped in clear plastic . A red Scotch brand label -LRB- about 3 x 4 inches -RRB- is permanently attached to one end of the tube . I did n't need a 48 '' tube , so I trimmed off several inches with a hacksaw . It would be hard to cut with an ordinary knife , but you could maybe use a serrated knife or a new razor blade . The 4 inch diameter allowed me to ship 4 heavyweight laminated posters -LRB- 42 '' x 60 '' -RRB- . These large diameter tubes are impossible to find locally .
 When I bought this tube last year I made the mistake of not actually looking at measurements . This tube is really thick and long and a lot bigger than what I needed . Still , it 's solidly made with plastic ends that remove very easily for quick packing . The Scotch label comes off very easily if you do n't want it on there.The downside to it primarily seems to come from pricing . It 's $ 14 now . When I purchased it , it was $ 3.99 . I have no idea why it 's gone up almost 400 % in price or why the retail price is a ridiculous $ 48 . It was worth $ 3.99 for sure , but I would n't pay $ 14 for it . Not when you could just go to a local store and buy them for much less . I have to wonder if it 's an error on Amazon 's part .
 great , used it for painting shipment . 100 % worth it price . Thick cardboard and overs fit well and stays . correct measures
 I bought this so I could move my posters and fatheads across country . After 2 shipments -LRB- first amazon sending it to me , and then me sending it across country to myself -RRB- the tube is still in great condition and can be used again in the future .
 Item is very sturdy and large enough for most posters . It is at a very good price , too . I highly recommend this tube if you need to mail or store large posters .
 Works great when using the brown paper to wrap packages for shipping . Much easier than placing water on the old type paper tape .
 nice cover has a sort of suede feel to it ... Paper was as expected not flimsy by any means . . binding veryhigh quality . I ordered this for a lab notebook and frankly its too fancy for a lab notebook but I am going to keep it for a journal .
 I love walking into meetings with these . They are professional looking and keep all my notes in one place . Excellent quality .
 product works just fine . Weighs all sorts of stuff . The little click out display seems to be sticking somewhat but i might have gotten it dirty .
 This scale can typically be found at local retailers for $ 26 + . . You really can not beat the price and my item arrived in just a few days after my purchase . Very happy with the seller and product .
 The nice top protecting the weighing surface is an outstanding feature . You have precision measurement with the convenience of a pocket device with the ability to get a tare weight and use any small container . Have had this item for over a year .
 This is a great product ! This pocket-size scale is very handy for all sorts of jobs . I love the fact that it 's small and more especially that it weighs in 0.1 gram increments . And the price ca n't be beat . I 've used it sporadically for about a six months at the time of publishing this review but so far it 's working just fine.The primary reason I bought this scale is to have a scale that weights in 0.1 gram or 0.1 oz increments and that 's inexpensive . So in this respect this product completely met my expectations . In addition , the scale also has a calibrating feature to ensure your scale weighs properly . This is pretty handy as small scales , especially electronic scales such as this one can be off.The display with on/off button is normally hidden under the tray and is opened by pushing on it from the side . This seems to make the scale a touch uneven , i.e. not completely leveled with the dial opened . But I have n't noticed any impact on accuracy so far so for me that 's not an issue . Plus you really ca n't beat the price . If you 're looking for an inexpensive digital scale capable of weighing 0.1 gram/oz increments then this is the right product for you .
 This scale is perfect . It even comes with a bag . Even without reading the manual , you can use it easily . Accurate enough for my needs .
 Little scale works well for small things . Automatically zeros on whatever is on it when it 's turned on , so if you want to use the cover as a tray , just turn the scale on with the cover on the weighing surface . I 'm not sure how precise the scale is , but it is accurate enough to provide easily repeatable weights . Construction is n't as cheap as I expected either , though it 's no brute .
 Since the rise in gold prices I 've decided to sell off some of mine . This gives me an idea of what my gold/jewelry/coins are worth to insure I get a fair price at the pawnshop . Works Great - Good Price . Reccommended !!
 This little thig is great . Of course it is also small enough to be swallowed by block-headed dogs , which leads to the Xray technician showing you an unmistakable outline and making cracks about shaking the pup and seeing if they should operate or wait .
 If you 're a high powered executive who must make decisions on the go - the Magic 8 Ball Key Chain is a must !
 This is a pretty cool keychain ! I liked it a lot when I first bought it but now I 'm bored of it but I still use it from time to time .
 It is a cute novelty item . Nothing more , nothing less .
 All the fun in a handy pocket size ! This is sure the be a great little gift for anyone .
 I never grew up with the Magic 8 ball and all its wisdom but some friends spoke of it . Fun anecdotes and messages , good key chain
 I think this toy is a great toy , not only because it 's fun and a little educational . but really because it is durable . i had one and it lasted me four years .
 I believe that I encountered my first magic 8-ball when I was about 8 years old and I was totally amazed.It always had the right answer , which was alot more accurate than a Ouija Board.It brought many happy hours of quiet speculation and secret wishes.I 'm still just as amazed by it as I was then.Mine survived through three sisters , three brothers and numerous friends , so it 's really quite durable.Put some magic in your life , get your own and try it on all of the questions that have left you wondering for years , it 's loads of fun ...
 I used to have one and I loved it , it was fun ! But I finally lost it at a friends house - I plan on getting another as soon as they are available again . : -RRB-
 I got ta tell ya ; I do n't know what I 'd do without my magic 8-Ball ! I have a large Magic 8-Ball on my desk at work and one of these little ` travel-size ' 8-Balls on my keyring . You just have to have one of these things ! It 's entertaining AND it helps you solve life 's little quanderies instantly . Better than calling the Psychic Friend 's Network , and cheeper too !
 This toy is very fun to play with , especially when you have friends round to play with . Most of the time it is actually right . But one major downfall is that it is not educational . It also comes with a key chain
 It is very fun.In my words , I 'm meaning to tell you to buy this product!It 's just nice .
 I am a huge fan of the original `` Magic 8 Ball '' so when I saw this keychain , I just HAD to have it . I bought it and enjoyed it a great deal ... while it lasted.Eventually , though , I started noticing that it was leaving a little blue smudge on my hands after I used it , or even held it . Eventually the leak got worse , leading me to have to throw my poor keychain out.I 'm not sure if this is representative of other 's experiences - maybe it was the cold New England weather that did it in and caused the leak when the liquid froze . I 'm not entirely sure , but keep this in mind if you want to keep your keys in a pants pocket !
 Unlike the real Magic 8-Ball -LSB- tm -RSB- , this miniature version is really just a toy . Where the real Magic 8-Ball -LSB- tm -RSB- can be counted upon to answer life 's must puzzling conundrums , this keychain variety is really only useful as a parlor novelty . There is simply no way that a true oracle can be packed into a space as small as this . These are not computer circuits that can be miniaturized to nearly infinitesimal dimensions , THESE ARE PSYCHIC FORCES OF THE UNIVERSE!The Keychain 8-Ball -LSB- tm -RSB- can be a lot of fun , however , and given its use as a keyring , you will find it handy for solving such brain teasers such as `` Should I put another quarter in the parking meter ? '' and `` Is my house key strong enough to pry the lid off of this paint can ? '' On the other hand , given that the Keychain 8-Ball -LSB- tm -RSB- is most often carried in a pocket or purse , it is continually tumbling around and around , foretelling answers to questions yet unposed . How can you be sure that the answer you turn up at any given moment is n't the answer to a question you 'll be asking in 3 days ? You could ask the 8-Ball -LSB- tm -RSB- itself , but you 'd have the same problem!If your goal is to get an attractive fob for your keyring that 's sure to provoke discussion , the Keychain Magic-8 Ball -LSB- tm -RSB- is a good bet . If your goal is to accent your clothing or purse with mystical blue goo , it may also be a good choice , given other reports in this forum discussing leaking problems . On the other hand , if you 're looking for a true psychic oracle , the Classic Magic 8-Ball -LSB- tm -RSB- is a better bet . Just ask the 8-Ball -LSB- tm -RSB- .
 I saw one of the reviews here which talked about the blue goo leaking out , but I took a chance & ordered one anyway for my 6 year old boy . Christmas morning , it was out of the package for 2 minutes & he had blue dye all over his hands -- what a disappointment ! Luckily I had also ordered the full size Magic 8 ball which he LOVES & has been playing with all day . -LRB- Ditto his almost-5-year-old brother -RRB- .
 The Magic 8 Ball has been a novelty for some time . It 's found all over the place as an office toy , a kids toy , and anywhere people need some breif etertainment ! The concept is simple , shake the ball and ask a question , then turn it upside down and look in the little window to see your answer such as `` yes '' , `` most likely '' or `` ask again later '' . A small die is suspended in colored water inside the ball . Shaking is like rolling the die , and when you tip the ball upside down the die floates to the top with one side of the die facing up , where your answer is ! -LRB- who invented this thing ! -RRB- Supersticious people will find this toy a must have.Well now the magic 8 ball 's immense popularity has turned portable ! This tiny magic 8 ball is a keychain as well !! At about the size of a gold ball , you can have this toy with you all the time now . I love the idea , and lots of people will want to have this dangling from thier keychain to show off . It 's just one of theose things that makes people say `` cool ! you have a magic 8 ball keychain ! Where 'd ya get that ?? '' . There 's a problem however . A wonderful a novelty toy as this is , the die inside the ball is a little too big . And it has many sides , to give you 16 different answers ... while this is nice , the bulky die , with so many sides so close to each other , and the tiny ball dont play well together . Shaking the ball doesnt always shake the die inside enough , and you get the same answer many times in a row because you didnt shake enough . Also the many sides of the die means it 's prone to not settling on one side , which means you cant get a straight answer sometimes ! Finally there isnt enough water in the ball , and the die is too big and it doesnt actually float to the top ... this compounds the other problems meaning that it doesnt always work right . True it 's just supposed to be fun , but I still expect it to be functional . But it 's still pretty cool .
 This toy is perfect for those of you who love to ask the stars for advice . It 's a cute little keychain , but when I first started using it I dropped it and it broke off the chain , and got scratched . I would n't give it to anyone who 'd put it on their backpack , but it 's still a classic toy for people of all ages . It 's a nice handy size which is perfect for travel and it provides help for anyone who is stuck with a decision .
 My friends and I once took an entire roadtrip on advice from a Magic 8-Ball . `` Should we drive to New Orleans ? '' elicited the answer `` Most Definitely '' from the mystical powers of chaos that control the twenty-sided oracle inside this little ball of wonder . You can use it to shed light on any indecisive moment , and it comes espcially in handy on a portable keyring.One hint - most of the answers it can supply are positive , so be sure to ask it leading questions in the appropriate direction ! -LRB- If a little black ball of plastic can be such a powerful dispenser of karmic control , should n't we have a little say in the matter too ? -RRB- Should you buy one for your next random event ? `` My sources say yes ! ''
 We spent almost $ 100 on another brand-name cordless phone which had horrible reception if you walked more than 10 feet from the base unit . When we bought the Panasonic , I was so impressed by how clear the reception is and that I could walk to the other end of the house or even outside and still hear who I am talking to . It was also amazing , since this phone cost so much less than other phones .
 I REALLY like 900mhz phones , because they do NOT fry your brain/tumors , like higher mhz models ... -LRB- wi-fy too ! - I use USB cables ! -RRB- ! Pros - Volume control , Caller ID , clear reception -LRB- 100ft ... -RRB- ! Cons - Like the other reviewers ! - The original NiCd Battery life was SHORT , and troublesome -LRB- kept having to reset phone memory ... ! Grrr ! -RRB- ! I solved this problem by buying a `` no memory '' ER-P730 NiMh battery -LRB- two years , and still going strong/no reset ! -RRB- , at Amazon . Inexpensive , when you factor in the long life!Another Googled TIP ! - ALL rechargeable batteries have a limit on how many times they can be recharged -LRB- constantly on/off the set eats this # up ! -RRB- ! NiMh = 500-1000 on/off cycles!I leave mine off the base until it beeps -LRB- usually several days -RRB- , and ALWAYS recharge ANY battery for at least `` 15 hours '' before use !
 I bought an oak side table at an auction sale . My first attempt at refinishing a wood piece . I was so proud when I was done . It was beautiful ... but wobbly . I hated to glue the legs so I thought I would give this product a try . I am so happy I did . It took two applications but what a difference . I was thrilled . Now I have a beautiful sturdy table !
 Hard to find , but works great on loose chair legs.Takes several applications and a good soak , but better than glue .
 Chair-Loc 2PC Chair LocAny time you have dowel construction you are likely to have loose joints . Such was the case with our medium - priced Windsor chairs . Thankfully Chair-Loc has swollen the wood on the joints and the chairs are tight , and they are safe for sitting once again .
 Chair-Loc does just that without gluing , or the necessity of taking furniture apart.It is thin enough to slide into the smallest cracks . What it does in there is causes the wood to swell and fit tightly once again.A treatment lasts so long that since I last used it on my antique furniture , I have moved , and none of the local hardware stores have even heard of it , let alone carry it . I found it at Amazon.The directions that come with it are easy to read and follow . IT ONLY WORKS ON WOOD . Sorry to shout at you like that , but I do n't want you to waste your money on the wrong product .
 I used this on a -LRB- cheap -RRB- squeaky rocking chair . It only took about 5 minutes to put it on and I let it dry overnight . Three weeks later and I still have not heard a single squeak !
 This product works great . It was delivered when they said it would and the price was hard to beat .
 It 's a great product to keep track on schedule in daily basis . Price is descent . I highly recommend this to those of you who has a hectic schedule !
 This is a great stand for monitors , printers , a notebook PC , etc. . Very versatile and looks good too.I purchased it for my HP DeskJet 5550 but its currently being used for my Brother HL-2140 laser printer -LRB- which is around 25 pounds with a full tray of paper -RRB- . The `` deck '' has vent holes that allow for excellent air circulation . The support design allows for easy access to materials that are stored below the deck -LRB- such as extra paper -RRB- . I 'm very happy with this product .
 I have a Dell 24 '' LCD and I was adding a laptop to my network and wanted to put it beneath my monitor . Perfect , perfect , perfect . Nice and wide so the laptop could have cables poking out of both sides without having to bend them up or raise the laptop to clear the legs.No bouncing , very well constructed . Most things you buy these days that are n't cheap garbage cost you a bunch of money above what they should . This stand is an exception . The price is very reasonable given the quality .
 I bought the stand to use to place a 19 '' TV on and placed my DVD/VCR player beneath . This was a perfect solution vs. buying a piece of furniture . It 's sturdy and attractive .
 Sometimes you just want something that provides a basic function and nothing else . After six months of having my monitor on two phone books , I ordered this monitor stand . Truthfully , I do n't think I needed anything so heavy duty , but everything else was much more expensive due to bells and whistles that I did n't want like drawers or speakers or plugins or whatever . This is a big black piece of metal with a pattern of circular holes across the entire surface of the monitor shelf , probably to keep the weight down . It is big , and it will hold pretty much any monitor that is n't actually an old T.V. Grab a tape measure and see if you are ok with the dimensions . I put it all the way back on my desk against the wall , and find that I have plenty of space in front . Plus , now I get a whole new area to use under the monitor . It is what it is with no flash or added features . Until someone decides to make a less robust stand without add-ons , I 'd recommend this one if you just want your monitor to be higher on your desk .
 I got this to put my 17 '' laptop on on my desk and had planned on tucking a keyboard under it to get it out of the way when not in use . It is working great . It is exactly what I was looking for .
 Looks sturdy and well constructed . Fits my 15 '' Mac Book Pro exactly and it 's at a good height.I only wished it was in black but pewter is not bad and actually goes with the furniture at work .
 I spent a lot of time researching these stands on Amazon and finally decided to purchase this one . It does what it promises to do . My 32 '' LCD TV sits comfortably on it , and the DVD player is right underneath . So far we havent seen any bouncing . If you experience bouncing , make sure you have it set up the right way . The curvy legs should be in the back , not in front.Also , Amazon has the dimension all wrong . The dimension they listed are for the junior stand , not this one . This one is way bigger . Its better if you go to Allsop website and take a look at the stands as well as dimension before you purchase.Last but not least , it looks like Amazon sends us one that has been returned by someone else . It doesnt have any dents or big scratches , but doesnt mean you can not notice . Im not gon na take points off of the product , because this is a seller issue . But I thought you should be aware of this .
 This is a large monitor stand , great for the larger monitors that are so popular now . It is very sturdy , has no wobble at all . It is handsome and sleek looking . It requires no assembly at all , it is solidly made . I ordered three different monitor stands , and this one was the number one winner !
 Hey guys.There really is n't much to say about this product . There are no parts to it , no assembly , nothing . From the point it reaches your doorstep , all you have to do is open it up , and placed it where you want it.I have to admit , the construction of this stand is absolutely sturdy and worth the money I paid for . It is currently holding my 22 '' monitor perfectly without any trouble . And the ample space beneath the stand allows me to tuck my laptop neatly underneath it . This finally results in a whole lot of new desk space!I am giving it a 5 stars because the height of this product is perfect . Please know the dimensions of this product before purchasing it ! It may just be too tall for you!Cheers .
 Nice monitor stand ! I have a little 19 '' LCD monitor , so this stand gives me plenty of room for my speakers too . Defineately a space saver . Very happy w / this purchase .
 I can finally do paper work at my computer desk without having to rearrange my monitor , speakers , keyboard etc. . I mainly bought this for my 19 '' HP flat screen monitor that did not have a height adjustment . Now it 's at a very comfortable height but the best feature is how much desk space I acquired . The construction is very solid and it is holding my monitor , speakers , and usb hub and has the space to hold more . The area underneath should accept even the biggest of keyboards . I have gained so much space that I can now do my homework here without having to move things around or go lay across my bed . The entire unit is black satin finish -LRB- NO SILVER TOP AS SHOWN ON FRONT OF BOX -RRB- , which will match anything . Also , there is no construction involved which is nice . Thanks ALLSOP ! I ordered your monitor stand and received a `` new desk '' .
 Excellent quality stand perfect for a wide monitor . Very modern and appealing to others in the office . Matches my black and silver office decor .
 For the price I paid , and with free super-saver shipping , I 'm very happy . This stand is wide and sturdy -LRB- virtually no bounce for me -RRB- . I have a large 28 '' LCD for my computer , and the stand is almost as wide as the monitor itself . It raises it up enough so the monitor is now at eye-sight level , which means no more slouching over ! Phew . Plenty of room underneath it for whatever you might want to put there , such as a laptop , keyboard , or a drawing tablet . I was going to get a monitor arm , but they are expensive and I could n't find one I actually liked . I 'd buy this again and I 'd recommend it as well .
 It holds my 19 '' CRT with room to put my 2 speakers next to it -LRB- approx 55 lbs . -RRB- and I can slide my Logitech g15 keyboard underneath . Perfect
 I ordered this stand for my 24 '' monitor . The feet of the monitor easily fit in the dimensions of this stand . I 'd wager that it can hold a 30 '' LCD . The stand is also much more rugged and heavier than I expected . Very satisfied .
 It makes my 20 '' monitor look a little small :-RRB- But there is lots of room to store my laptop AND a bunch of junk under it , and it 's overall made my desk a much more organized place .
 Was a perfect fit for the height I wanted and width I needed fro my computer armoire .
 This monitor stand is sturdy , roomy and looks great too ! I bought two and use one for a 19 '' flat screen monitor and the other carries the weight of my old 17 '' full size monitor . I was concerned that this stand might not work out for the full size monitor but it worked out beautifully . I also really like the sleek look of the stand and the fact that you can use the ample space under the stand for files , paper , books or to just hide your keyboard and mouse . The height is perfect as well ! Do your neck and shoulders a favor and get this monitor stand - what a difference looking directly into your screen !! You 'll feel the difference immediately !
 I have two of these -- one in my office on which a 22 inch lcd monitor sits , and one at home on which my laptop and docking station sit . This is stable , has air vents which are good for dissipating heat from my docking station , and is attractive to look at . Although the height is not adjustable , for me the height is just right .
 These stands are exactly what I was looking for
 This monitor stand works and looks great . However , the dimensions listed here are incorrect . The correct dimensions of the Allsop Metal Art Monitor Stand are 23.5 '' x 14.5 '' x 4.75 '' . The dimensions listed on this website -LRB- as of the writing of this review -RRB- are closer to the Metal Art Junior version .
 I have a `` HOLE '' on the wall -LRB- I guess you call it built-in TV stand ? -RRB- to hold my 32 '' LCD TV . Yeah , it is just a hole , nothing else . Hard to find something slim yet strong to lift the TV enough and to put a DVD player underneath . Found this one , thought give it a try . It works ! It actually hold up to 70 lbs . The 32 '' LCD TV weighs about 35 lbs.Not the most handsome look since the TV is wider than the stand , but it works .
 A great design . Virtually no wobble in the stand when loaded with a monitor . IMO , this is the best looking stand on the market . No plastic parts , smooth lines , industrial look . The lift is 5 inches.Would work great for a laptop if a separate keyboard and mouse are used .
 I have a 40 or so '' TV on a black pedestal base . This stand works perfectly to raise the TV over the Tivo . Because of its open structure , there is nothing to block the front of the Tivo , and there is ample ventilation of both pieces of equipment . And it looks much nicer than I would have thought . Highly recommended .
 I originally bought this for a clunky 17 '' CRT monitor about 2 years ago , and boy did it free up massive amounts of space on my desk ! Then when I switched over to a 19 '' LCD , I kept it and found it was still very useful , had enough room for my LCD plus a pair of computer speakers on top , and my cordless keyboard underneath . Too many monitor stands these days have vertical supports at the front as well as the rear , which makes it impossible to slide your keyboard underneath when not in use ... GRRR!And just as importantly , I love the sleek , clean and simple design . Mine was a dark brushed-nickel or titanium color , not sure if it 's the same as this one listed as `` black . '' Too much of industrial design these days seems to be geared for the teeny-bopper bling-bling set , this one is obviously for adults . It 's too bad that Walmart no longer carries it , I 'd buy another from them right now if I could for my new office !
 As a monitor stand , this is excellent . It has no problem supporting my 22 '' HP w2207 LCD monitor . However , if you want to put your keyboard and mouse underneath it , be mindful of the space.The space between the supports is about 22 inches wide and 12 inches deep , so I can put a keyboard underneath it . Unfortunately , there 's not much room to store a mouse and a mousepad side-by-side with the keyboard . Luckily , I have a cordless mouse , so I just put it on top with the monitor when I 'm not using it.When I type , the stand casts shadows that often fall on my keyboard , so I ca n't see the keys . It may be helpful to use a keyboard with illuminated keys . I normally just pull the keyboard towards me so it 's not in the shadow . I could try touch-typing without looking at the keys , but there 's only about 4 inches of space underneath the stand , so my hands tend to bump into the underside of the stand .
 Big monitor stand ! Polished steel looks great . But it 's not stable enough when I placed my printer on it , it vibrated a lot when printing ...
 Love this stand . I purchased it for my LCD TV so I can put my cable box underneath it & save space on my armoire in the bedroom .
 I use it as a TV stand placed on a low dresser in my bedroom . This item is built well , generously sized -LRB- I have a 42 '' LCD TV on it with no problems -RRB- and also the lift is perfect for putting the cable box underneath the TV . The appearance is utilitarian , not like a fancy piece of furniture . If you have black/dark furniture under it like I do , it will blend in . I do n't think it would look nice on top of light wood furniture as a TV stand .
 Awesome product !! I purchased for my Samsung 32 '' LCD TV . It weighs 30 pounds . Would n't hesitate to put a bigger TV on it as it 's very well constructed and sturdy . Also looks very nice .
 This is exactly what I needed to elevate my laptop just enough off my bed so that it would n't overheat and shut down ! Plenty of room for the air to circulate , and it 's looks good too ! One of the best purchases I 've ever made !
 Love this monitor stand because it 's more than large enough for a 19 '' monitor and very sturdy .
 I 've been using one of these at work for the past 1.5 years , I just decided to get one for home and was happy it 's still carried . It holds my 15 '' widescreen laptop and an LCD monitor , and gives me just enough room to fit my keyboard beneath -LRB- it 's tall enough to fit two laptops -RRB- . All in all , I 'm very pleased with its addition to my workspace . More comfortable viewing angle , more usable room , and consequently less clutter .
 This is a very nice stand . The height is perfect and the stand is spacious.This allows one to place papers or items under the stand , as well as on top of it . I use it to raise my flat screen monitor to a more comfortable height , and to hold my speakers , camera and other small desk items such as flash drives . Highly recommended .
 This sturdy stand helps to get the monitor to an ergonic height while freeing desk area . Be sure to read the dimensions , since it 's pretty wide . I found it OK for a 17 '' CRT monitor , although it bounces a bit . I 'm not certain it would work for a larger and heavier CRT . Great price !
 Not quite what I was looking for , but should fit the bill very nicely for computer monitors and LCDs .
 GREAT STURDY LCD MONITOR STAND . I BOUGHT IT TO PUT 22 IN . MONITOR ON AND TI WORKS GREAT . THERE IS ALSO ENOUGH ROOM UNDER IT TO PLACE MY CENTER SPEAKERS IN MY 7.1 SET-UP . IT ALSO HAS ROOM ON TOP AFTER PUTTING THE MONITOR ON IT FOR PENS , CD 'S ... OR WHATEVER YOU WANT . A + + + + PERFECT STAND.ONLY NEGATIVE IS THERE ARE NO ADJUSTMENTS FOR HIGHT . MAKE SURE IT 'S IS EXACTLY WHAT YOU WANT SIZE-WISE .
 These are great if you want to make flash cards , but you are like me and do n't care to hand write them all . I use images from my online textbooks and sometimes the definitions from those textbooks as well . Using the envelopes and labels option in word , I am able to easily format these , and print them out . For double sided use , I just flip over the stack and get answer and question on the same card . This is cheaper for me than purchasing pre-made flash cards , and they are durable enough for me to pass on when I am finished with them.As a current medical student , flash cards save me a great deal of time when I am reviewing . This product , especially at this price is one with which I am greatly pleased .
 I 've been a user of 3 x 5 cards for decades . There 's always a stack of them in my shirt pocket , though I do admit to not using them consistently.Right now , I 'm working on a project that requires me to catalog dozens of snippets from various sources and then integrate them into my writing . Typical outlining programs wo n't handle this well , so it 's back to the index cards . Fortunately , one of my outlining programs handles output to the Avery cards.You can also use them with Microsoft Word , FileMaker , Access and any other program that lets you format your print output.These things tear neatly and accept laser or inkjet output.Brutally expensive when compared to ordinary index cards , but incomparably handy . Worth the price when you need a foolproof method of printing index cards . The regular ones often do n't get along with some - actually many - printers.Jerry
 These arrived promptly , and they were exactly what I expected . The index cards come apart nicely , leaving no signs of the perforations .
 Printer Paper Avery 3x5 Index Cards / B00006HPWAI bought these for use with my AccuChef recipe program to hold and store recipes , and I 'm very happy with them . The paper works flawlessly with my printer -LRB- Canon PIXMA MX860 Wireless All-In-One office Printer -RRB- , and the perforated edges make it easy to detach the cards after printing . The cards can be printed on front and back , which is perfect for large recipes.Do note that you need to fill up all three index cards before detaching them , or else you 'll end up wasting the empty ones - my printer , at least , is n't set up to just take in one card - it has to be a full sheet . ~ Ana Mardoll
 I 'm using these index cards with a program for learning a foreign language and they are GREAT ! Much faster than writing everything out , and I can print more in a flash if my old ones are lost or damaged . Also , Ritz-Camera gives FAST service -LRB- delivered within 4 days of ordering -RRB- and a discount on delivery for bulk purchases . Finally , the most inexpensive price I could find anywhere !
 i saw an online tip to copy the template for these cards and put the words on one side and the definitions on the other and print double sided . I worked perfectly to create flash cards for my 5th grader to use to study and i did n't have to write them out or decipher her handwriting .
 I use these to record some critical information on 3 &#34; x5 &#34; cards . This is just what I needed and at 1/2 the cost of what I 'd pay in the big office supply stores .
 I know that index cards are considered out-of-date now , but these cards still have a place.In my case , I used them to make my own Turkish/English travel dictionary . I printed the dictionary on my computer and then bound them into pocket-sized booklets.I think there will always be a need for a product like this , and Avery 's index cards are easy to use , separate easily and stand up to the rigors of being carried for weeks in a shirt or vest pocket .
 My wife was handwriting note cards for a class she is taking and the process of doing this by hand is not only time consuming but finding a pen that would be easy to read but not bleed through the thin note cards available today was proving to be a task in itself . Having used Avery brand labels in the past we decided to check out what was available and found not only these cards but also free MS Word templates available at the Avery Web site . Not only do the 5388 Avery Index cards make the process of producing note/flash cards easy the MS Word templates allow you to save soft copies of your cards which is excellent.These cards have been so helpful we are ordering more today !!
 Avery Laser & Ink Jet White 3 x 5 Inch Index Cards 150 Count -LRB- 5388 -RRB- This product exceeded my expectations .
 I have come up with my own variations on several dishes and I wanted to put the recipes on cards -LRB- instead of little slips of paper -RRB- . Hand writing those was a real pain so being the computer person that I am , I decided make my own cards . I needed a layout where I could type in the information . There are card designs on line but none that I could type the recipe on the template and then print out the cards . I made my own `` editable '' recipe card template and these index cards were perfect for what I wanted to do . Now if I want to make changes to a recipe or I really mess a card up , it is simple to just go to the computer and print another card .
 Wife bought it to prepare printable flash cards for her Bar exam . Very good set . Sturdy and doesnt jam the printer . Easy to tear the individual cards also . Would buy again if the need arises.Karthik
 I got these for a very specific purpose and they work well for what I need . I print a form on them that it then completed by hand . I print them on an HP P1006 printer and the edges do n't line up exactly right , which is annoying but I 'm working around it rather than spending time tweeking the margins and template . The edges tear off cleanly almost all of the time and do n't leave big obvious wavy per marks on the edge of the card . I think these are a little pricey for what they are but I 'll buy again unless I think of a better alternative for my needs .
 Cards worked wonderfully . I used them for Tradeshow invitations . Easy template to use . Just make sure you turn on borders tosee boundaries of cards . Amazon is a great trusted source to use A + + + +
 Cards were as advertised , separate cleanly , lost all my recipe cards in the Great Flood of May 2010 , and slowly getting them redone to print on cards . This time they will be on Computer disks in two locations -LRB- as will all my other data -RRB- merchandise from dealer was shipped promptly , packaged well .
 I love these boxes . They are sturdy , inexpensive , stack well , easy to put together , and have tough rails for hanging files .
 If you want a storage box that 's easy to carry around , stores hanging files conveniently , is stackable , is sturdy and is easy to write on , these boxes are for you .
 These hanging file folder boxes are great !!! I 've been using them for quite a few years and could not find them locally this year . It seems that none of the office supply stores are carrying them and none could even order them from their suppliers.I went on Amazon and there they were . My order was delivered in two days and for less than I 've paid in the past .
 Would have been perfect but two of the boxes had rips without opening package the eyes would have missed the rips when sending the package .
 I have been wanting a filing cabinet for years but we just dont have the room in our house for one . So I decided to try these and I am happy I did . While it would be easier to just slide the drawer out I still like these a lot . And I was surprised by how strong they ar . I fit quite a bit in mine and I am very happy !
 These are great storage boxes . I use them to store business and personal receipts in envelopes for tax time . They stack neatly in the closet .
 I have to re-configure my living space on a regular basis . These sturdy boxes have the advantage of being easier for me to store and rearrange than if I had a regular 2 - or 4-drawer file cabinet.The boxes are well-designed , and the rails are simple and sturdy . Foolproof assembly . A very good product .
 Hey , it 's just a couple of hanging folder file boxes.Not reallly a big deal.They arrived quickly & were as advertised.Good enough for me.JR
 As stated in the name . Easy peel.It did exactly that , no smudges , easy and perfect printing . The easy peel was the best feature .
 I needed to get my new Apple 23 '' Cinema up a bit and this was the stand that looked the best . I really like the additional shelves which can be configured 3 different ways . The unit is strong enough for this large LCD unit and looks stylish . Kensington makes a quality product .
 Decent stand ... Definitely LCD only ... Molded plastic but sturdy enough to hold an LCD ... Same deal with the speaker stands ... The shelf for the monitor is ok sized but not huge ... I have a 19 '' Dell Ultrasharp LCD and the LCD base hangs over the front by about half an inch ...
 I purchased this monitor stand as a replacement for the long board that came with my desk as a monitor stand . This product is very functional and increased the size of my work area . Looks great too !
 I purchased this monitor stand to support an Acer 21.5 inch LCD monitor and Bose speakers so I could slide my laptop underneath . It was was easy to assemble-took about 10 minutes.The ability to raise the stand to different heights is also a great option . Its the perfect fit .
 Wide base easily stores larger keyboards for more desk space . Removable side shelves are excellent , sturdy construction over all . Sets up easily . Recommend to other buyers , especially for the price . Great for the office . Tell your manager .
 Its a space saver . I can now keep stuff under my monitor and the two extra trays provide excellent additional storage . I keep my web cam on one and phone and PDA on the other .
 I like this monitor stand a lot . I have a very difficult desk to work with , so the possible keyboard storage underneath is very convenient . I have n't used the extra side shelves because it makes the stand look too wide , but the stand itself is sturdy and sleek looking .
 I actually bought this monitor stand back in 2008 and am finally getting around to review it . When I originally bought it , I purchased it for my 22 '' LCD , which I have since replaced with a 27 '' . I still use -LRB- and love -RRB- the stand today , even though it was not designed for a panel this large . The 27 '' panel over hangs the speaker stands a couple of inches on each side , but I have small tower speakers so they still fit great . Bulkier speakers may not fit well with a 24 ' + panel . The height of the stand if perfect for my viewing angle , and I really like the ability to tuck my keyboard under the monitor when not in use to free up my work space for other activities.Pros :1 . Reasonable price2 . Adjustable height3 . Easy to snap together4 . Holds speakers off the desk for more work space5 . Room underneath to hide keyboard and mouse for more work space when not in useCons :1 . Plastic construction may not match nicer furniture -LRB- although it looks great with my piano black monitor and speakers -RRB- .2 . Speaker shelves may not accommodate today 's larger panels and still have room for speakers , but it definitely fits at least 22 '' panels well as advertised .
 I love my new flat panel monitor stand , i brought it to use at work , i have gotten many compliments and the extra shelving on the side came in very handy . it does not take too much space on my desk and my keyboard fits nice and neat underneath at the end of my day . i highly recommend this item very chic looking .
 I do n't usually write reviews , but had to on this product . I hemmed and hawed over what type of monitor stand to get . I saw this one early on and the price was right , but I just did n't like the look of it . However , I kept coming back to it ... it got good reviews and as I said before , the price was right ! I 'm glad I purchased it . It 's a very sturdy stand . I have a 22 '' monitor on it and there 's no way this thing will sag either now or in the future . It was easy to put together and my laptop fits right under it . Because the stand is triangular , the laptop does n't quite fit all the way underneath , but that 's not a problem . It only sticks out about an inch . The stand has 2 options for height , but I did n't need to increase the standard height . However , it you are very tall , I think the additional height would be a very good option for you.What caused me to hesitate on my purchase were the wings on either side of the stand . I thought they looked goofy , but the product picture is deceiving . Once you set up the stand and get it on your desk , these wings do n't look so odd and they really add more space to your desk . I have a Post-It note holder and bowl of papaer clips on each wing . The space underneath allows for additional placement of desk items . There 's also room on either side of the monitor on the main stand portion for item placement , e.g. cell phone , a small calculator or notepad . The stand is made of a durable plastic , but it does n't look cheap . In the product picture , the inner portion of the stand and wings looks white , but it 's really a medium gray , which helps the whole thing to blend in with my desk , thus minimizing the `` goofiness '' I initially objected to.I would recommend this product and I 'm glad I did n't go with anything else .
 Edit
 This is great stand - gives me more desktop room and better posture . Now that I am wearing bifocals , I have a distance problem looking at my monitor without having it right where my paperwork and other necessaries on my desk should be . So , I put the monitor with the stand in about the 2 o'clock position near the front edge -LRB- closest to me -RRB- . The stand holds my staplers , stamp pad , tape dispenser and pens right were I can get them and allows some of my paperwork to go under the monitor . An , best of all , I can really see my monitor in focus without having to lean over my desk to see it .
 We purchased this because we had to replace another monitor which was square rather than rectangular , like most monitors are these days . It seems to be very sturdy with the added benefit of the ability to change the width of the stand by simply moving the speaker platforms to different holes while assembling . Our 20 '' Samsung monitor fits fine . It also has a higher back edge to the place where the monitor sits to avoid accidents . Delivery was VERY quick and the price was $ 30 cheaper than the office supply stores .
 Kensington flat panel monitor standdid research prior to purchase , no further questionsgiven to daughter/son-in-law for xmas . they are pleased looks good to me .
 I was n't sure about getting this stand . But I am sure glad I did ! Super easy setup and the material is not cheap and flimsy . My 19 inch LCD monitor fits perfect ! Its very sturdy , even for a CRT screen this stand will be able to withstand the weight easily . I use my Macbook as a desktop computer and it barely fits underneath the stand without sticking out the front . My keyboard gets stored just on top of the Macbook with plenty of space when Im not using it . Over all I am pleased with the stand . It puts the monitor high enough so Im not always looking down . The two stands on the side have 3 settings that allow them to face inward , straight , and outward . This is nice to customize how you want them facing . For the price ... its the Best deal for something that doesnt look cheap and serves its purpose .
 The stand says what it is supposed to do . adds extra space to a desk by creating tiers . saves space and is quite simple . i have a 22 '' widescreen and it JUST fits on there so im happy for that .
 I use this stand for making my laptop to eye level when I am not taking it to class . It fits my 14.1 laptop very because even with usb ports plugged in on both size . The only problem I have with it is that it is only slightly configurable . The stand heigh only adjusts to 2.5 inch or 4.5 because you just add an extra `` leg '' to the stand to make it taller . Also the stand I use for speaker stand and I would have prefered if kensington make a hole in the front and back so I could make the speaker right next to my laptop instead of a little bit in front of it . It does increase workspace because below my laptop is free room so I can slide my papers under it when I am studying . The only other problem is the back sticks out a little bit it is a handle bar so if you have a hutch on your desk i may not go as far back as you like . The positive would be that you could lean it against the wall so it does n't tip over if you accidently push it!Overall I think it is a pretty good item and for the price it looks pretty cool . It feel like it is constructed of some pretty strong plastic .
 Got this for my work desk and I like it alot . I wish the shelves on the side would swing out . Also a standard desk phone just fits on the shelf but nice to be able to slide my keybord under the monitor to get more room on my desk ... wish there was something to make all the work on my desk go away !!!
 This stand was very easy to set up . The instructions -LRB- if you even need them -RRB- are very clear . It even comes with a handy tool to determine the proper height for your monitor . I had it set up with the monitor and speakers on it in less than 10 minutes . I use it in my office , and several co-workers have commented that they want one too . I have a 22 '' LCD monitor on my stand , and would say that anything bigger than a 24 '' would probably be too big for it . I was worried that my big speakers would be too big for the stand , but they fit nicely on the wings , which are very sturdy.All in all , a very nice product . I would easily recommend this to anyone .
 For the price this stand is great . It lets you place your speakers off your desk freeing up space underneath and also gives you room for storage underneath .
 great product , perfect for my laptop -- I keep the second monitor elsewhere . Saves tons of space .
 I have purchased two of these , one for my computer monitor and small bose speakers , and one to hold all of my radios that I monitor.all four radios fit very nicely on a small table at my easy chair .
 I LOVE Kensington . I use their trackball and just love their products . This monitor stand is fantastic !! It fits perfectly in the corner of my desk and there is plenty of room to slide your keyboard right under it . It is sleek and sturdy and I just LOVE LOVE LOVE it !! Have never found another like it .
 We needed a monitor stand in order to get our flat panel monitor off of the desk and also have space underneath to place our laptop.I read a lot of reviews , looked at a lot of pictures , and surfed the net pretty extensively before making a decision , and boy did I make the right one with this monitor stand!It 's sleek and high tech looking , and the speaker stands are large enough to accommodate any size notebook speakers and a knickknack or two . It 's also very sturdy and I like the fact that the unit can be used with or without the risers to accommodate the amount of space you want underneath the stand.In my case , my HP 17 inch laptop sits underneath instead of a keyboard , and my HP quickdock rests on the bottom of the feet of the monitor very neatly . I 'm able to quickly unhook my connector cable and pull the laptop out when I need to go.At roughly $ 18.00 & free shipping from Amazon , you ca n't go wrong with this stand !
 When I bought this stand , I thought it would be thinner than it is , but its designed in such a way that it saves a lot of space . It 's sturdy and well made . The two stands for speakers can be moved and placed in several different positions . A little more than I wanted to pay for the stand but I am happy with it .
 I am very pleased with this product . It was reasonably priced and accepted my 22 in . flat panel monitor quite well . I chose not to use the side speaker stands . My keyboard fits underneath which is what I wanted .
 This product is exactly what it says it is and does . Cute ; high tech looking -LRB- black & silver -RRB- , easy to put together -LRB- no tools needed -RRB- , and eliminates a problem.I have a home office and needed a solution for the space between my flat top monitor and the desk . There were too many wires -LRB- mouse , web-cam , printer , computer , etc. -RRB- to even attempt placing a paper tray or pen holder , or anything . I was pleased to find this product because not only did it basically provide three shelves and plenty of space underneath , it pushes the cables and cords completely behind the unit , out of sight . Best of all - the price , I purchased mine for $ 21.95 . On the two front smaller shelves , I have neatly placed my speakers , a pen cup , web cam , small calculator and a small cup for paperclips , etc. . On the middle shelf are I have four little paperweights and the space between the top shelf and the desk , sits my paper tray.It 's an amazing spacesaver and you ca n't beat the price !
 Was everything I thought it would be . Well constructed . Very timely delivery . Was glad I purchased it .
 Durable , just the right height , does n't take up too much space . Use it every single day in my office ! Love it !
 Works great to get Monitor off your desk and you can push the keyboard under monitor for more desk space .
 I 've tried alot of things to put my computer monitor on . They were either too tall or too short . This stand is adjustable in small increments with these little things you add to the legs . It has two side trays that are optional . I use one for my business phone and the other for a note pad . It 's perfect . I love it .
 We have our monitor on it with speakers on each little shelf on each side . I have my appointment book and tablets underneath . Works out great ! Great buy for the money !
 This stand elevates my 22 '' monitor to a more comfortable viewing level as it does my twin computer speakers on the side platforms . Elevating those three items effectively increases my desk surface area for the other knick knacks . Its solid , effective and you wont regret it .
 Takes less than 5 minutes to setup , hard rubber bottoms to keep the stand in place , and the side panels are even adjustable -LRB- three separate adjustments face the panels inward , middle , outward ; I have mine pointing inward and the setting adjustment itself pushes the panels to their farthest point away from the stand -RRB- , which was necessary for myself since I was putting a 22 '' Samsung monitor on it . The grey even matches my Bose Companion II speakers , and the hard plastic feels very durable . The space provided under the monitor is great as well , I can fit my TV remotes / PS3 Controller / cable modem with ease ; would definitely fit a keyboard if you wanted to put it there . All in all great purchase !
 i BOUGHT THIS FOR MY DESK AT WORK WHICH IS SPACE CONSERVATIVE . THE HEIGHT IS GREAT AND I LOVE THAT I CAN MOVE MY KEYBOARD OUT OF THE WAY COMPLETELY WHEN I NEED DESK SPACE TO DO OTHER THINGS . MY ONLY COMPLAINT IS THE SIDE `` WINGS '' ARE STATIONARY . I WISH THEY WOULD ROTATE SO I COULD MOVE THEM BACK A BIT WHEN I WANT . BUT OVERALL IT HAS REALLY PERFORMED WELL FOR ME .
 This could not be better , made well and it does what it was designed to do , easy to set up , makes an improvement for desk , and there more room , thank you
 Outstanding product . Got what was promised . I use this at work and have gotten many compliments . Very sturdy , easy to set up , keyboard fits underneath and all my gadgets fit on the speaker stands . I highly recommend this product . I was n't able to find anything like this in any store .
 I shopped around before making my final selection on this paticular `` monitor riser '' . I recently purchased a 20 '' flat screen monitor for my small home office area . To give me added work space this riser was what I really needed . I ordered the item 1 day and it arrived the next day -LRB- fantastic -RRB- . Very easy to assemble as well as being sturdy . I have even 2 stands for my speakers and can slide my keyboard underneath -LRB- Great -RRB- . I am very satisfied with my purchase of this riser and would recommend to anyone that is looking for a certain type of riser as I was . Plus the colors are great as well -LRB- grey with black trim around -RRB- that goes quite well with my other desk accessories . Give this item 10 stars if possible .
 This stand is easy to put together and has a few different configurations so that you can pick what is best for your desk . I 've had it for a month and am glad I bought it .
 This was easy to put together and is very sturdy . It comes with risers but I did n't use them since the monitor is at a perfect level without them . There 's plenty of room under the stand to store the keyboard and I like that there 's also a little extra space to put stuff on either one of the side speaker stands .
 This Kensington product was exactly what I was looking for to organize my workspace in ouf office . It 's easy to put together and it 's adjustable to fit your space . It is perfect to raise any monitor to help make your space more ergonomic . The two stands on the side are perfect for speakers or anything else you 're trying to clear so you have more room for paperwork , etc. .
 I use these cards to thank people for the donations to our veterans ' organization -LRB- Patrol Craft Sailors Association -RRB- museum model fund . This allows me to thank them , keep them updated on the current amount of the fund , and furnish them a receipt for their donation.One package I received did n't have very definitive creases for folding . I wrote Avery and they sent me a replacement . I have been using this product before I became treasurer and this was the first problem I had.The four fold card allows you to put a picture or logo on the front and the message/messages on the inside .
 I have been using half-fold for years and realized that sometimes a BIG card is not right for the occasion . These fit the bill perfectly .
 The cards are good -- some do n't fold as easily . The card stock does not have to be as heavy as it is.Also , sometimes the cards are dented on corners because they are not packed correctly . I 've had several boxes with dented ends .
 Hi there.I really like this product it works well with my HP printer . The price was wonderful especially after I had spent more for the same thing at Staples the week before . I should have checked here first . From now on thats what I will do . A very good product . Linda
 I have found Avery Quarterfold cards to be superior for printing on inkjet printers . They fold well , are good stock and the Amazon price is excellent .
 They are ok . . If you put them in not in the right directionwhen you go to fold them they rip . . They do no give you anydirection as to what way they should go in .
 Avery Greeting Cards was just what I needed to make some Birthday Cards for Friends and Family members . I will be ordering more for my Christmas List .
 Was pleased to promptly receive the product , in excellent condition and as described . Good value on something not easily available in my local stores .
 My order was exactly as ordered and received in a timely manner . Thanks for the good service .
 I made several holiday cards this year using this card . They 're easy to use , the paper and envelopes are a substantial weight and the completed cards were very nice . The only change I would make is to have this product available with photo/glossy paper as well .
 We purchased these to use at Thank You cards for our wedding gifts/wedding guests.As always Avery products are so easy to use . Easy to fold , and durable . Its important to find notes/paper that you can actually write on , and it not bleed through . . something with substance and these are it .
 I like this product though it is a bit expensive it gives special cards a lovely old card paper look of linen .
 I do all of my own greeting cards and have tested other brands , but this is the closest to the purchased greeting card weight .
 I always buy Avery Card paper for all my card and craft making . I like the two-sided coating because it makes the colors so vibrant .
 worked very well in inkjet printer . Card stock was too thick to run through our standard laser printers though - i purchased them for laser jet printers hoping it would work . . beware it does n't .
 This is perfect for printing cards to various kids ' birthday parties - the kids appreciate getting their name and customized pictures/messages on the cards , and it 's cheaper for you . That being said , it could be cheaper , since you could just download the free software from Avery.com for card printing , and print on regular white paper . The colors wo n't be as vivid -LRB- this paper does bring out the images beautifully -RRB- , but really I do n't think your audience cares all that much , especially since the card is folded in a quarter-fold anyway so they can see it 's printed at home . I probably wo n't buy any more unless the price drops to about $ 5-6 -LRB- with free Amazon Prime shipping -RRB- , and instead will just print with the software on regular printer paper . Envelopes are included for the 20 card papers .
 These are working out just great . I have tried them on two different printers with two different card programs . No more running to the store for greeting cards !
 I do not have the bucks to spend $ 3-5 .00 on a single greeting card . I feel that store purchased cards do not reflect me . I would rather spend the time and create my own greetings card . Shopping for card stock , for the most part does not provide me with the quarter fold cards at stores like Staples , etc. . If I do find them , they are much more expensive than purchasing through Amazon . I do most of my online shopping through these guys , and do love it.Berni
 Very good quality . It is difficult to find quarter fold card stock . Arrived before the stated time . Price was best I 've seen . Very pleased .
 I use this product fequently . It is of good quality . The only complaint I have is that I wish the paper would fold more neatly/easier .
 I always buy these at Office Max or Office Depot whenever I run out . We always make our own greeting cards and seem to run out of this stock a lot . I could n't believe it when I found the same brand/package on Amazon for a lot less . I bought several packages and they are just like what we get for more at the local store . The come with envelopes too.From now on , Amazon.com is my source for this greeting card stock .
 These are good markers but the light green is hard to read from any distance . I love the pink , blue , and teal green colors though ! Very vibrant .
 I love this paper . It was so great to just put it in the printer and let it do its thing .
 These labels come with little complaint , there very convenient , easy to use , they block out other labels completely as they promise , and for the most part there simply a breeze with no issues whatsoever.HOWEVER , there is just one minor note to add on ... when there are few labels remaining on a particular page of labels ... they become susceptible to getting crumpled and otherwise destroyed in the feed of the printer , rendering the remaning labels unprintable and jamming the printer . If they had made the baselayer of labels just a LITTLE thicker and/or stronger this product would be perfect . But all in all def a good product that I 'd recommend .
 They work as advertised and there are templates available for MS Word . The ones I bought were all white , but that 's what I wanted .
 These work very well in my ink-jet printer . No jamming , even when they were down to the last few labels . The TrueBlock Technology also works ; old labels underneath are not visible.In addition , there are templates supplied with Microsoft Word that make these easy to use . Just go to `` Mailings , '' `` Labels , '' then click on `` Options '' and choose Avery Letter as the vendor . The template comes right up , so you do n't have to mess with figuring out where tabs should go , etc. -LRB- There are instructions on how to do this with the labels , but they seemed to be out of date for Office 2010 . -RRB- Avery also has templates online on their website .
 This stand makes your life easier . Who knew that being able to turn your computer without messing all of the wires , etc. could make such a difference ? Also , to be able to adjust the height of the computer so your visual is comfortable is a must . No more neck cricks !
 I am very pleased with this purchase . Just as the title says you can `` tilt and swivel '' the eMac to what ever viewing position you like . This is a great feature when you have more than one Mac user in the house . It also makes my desk seem more spacious since the eMac has a smaller footprint and is now a good 3 inches above the desk . Apple originally sold these for $ 100 but if you are a sharp shopper you can probably pick one up for $ 30 or less . I would recommend this stand to anyone who wants to make their eMac more versatile .
 This is a must have for any eMac owner . It puts the eMac at eye level on most desks and allows you to tilt it up , down and spins it side to side as well . Made of bullet proof , very thick , plastic . Has two parts connected by a stainless steel pin in center . Can be taken apart to clean . An eMac without this is a less functional eMac for sure .
 Ca n't live without it . As well as providing swivel and tilt it keeps the computer off the desk surface where the dust is sucked in , keeping it much cleaner .
 I am very pleased with this Emac stand . I also use a stand on my older Imac G3 but it does not attach to the bottom like this one does . The product was packaged very good , shipped promptly and best of all , the price was the least expensive of all sellers of the same stand . I 'd definitely recommend this product for your Emac and this seller for the purchase .
 Great Product , invaluable to any eMac owner ! And manufactured by Apple ! But without the correct hex tool installation is a bit of a challenge .
 Anyone that has one of the eMac G4 's needs this . Gives more room for the keyboard . Tilt up and down plus swivel . One screw a bit tricky until I realized I had to remove the existing screw . Practically invisible when mounted .
 Worked very well for the eMac I bought for my daughter from a place in Portland called Free Geek . I recommend the vendor and Free Geek for anyone near the Portland , OR area .
 I bought two of theses . If you have an eMac you really should get the stand , it will raise the eMac about three inches and the tilt and swivel is great .
 You can save fifteen bucks on this if you do a thorough google search . I found them for $ 35 AFTER shipping . I do n't understand why these stands are still so expensive . My college bookstore had these on sale for $ 10 three years ago . The stands rock but they 're not worth $ 50 anymore . Peace out .
 I 'm a map nut and I needed something to hang in my cubicle at work . This was the perfect size for me .
 Agreed , it does seem odd to be buying 3.5 in diskette labels in 2009 . I have n't had a diskette drive for about 5 years , so why buy these ? Simple ! They are a great size for attention getting price labels ; shipping labels ; and many other uses . I 'll continue to buy them as long as they are available . The labels themselves are typical Avery quality and print fine on my Epson -LRB- color -RRB- or HP Laser -LRB- B&W -RRB- printers .
 My wife and I love these Labels especially for Colored Envelopes , which I believe is what they are primarily intended for . We use them every day . We get this 1.33 '' height to also allow more room for overseas letter addresses of more than 3 lines . They look much better on the envelope than the typical White label . We also use the smaller clear one -LRB- 18695 -RRB- for Return Address .
 They have a sticker on the packages saying the colors are brighter and they wo n't crack . I tried those first and they are beautiful . I bought some more , but they did n't have the sticker on them . Those must be what everyone here is reviewing . The old ones are indeed waxy with okay colors . I hope they do n't peel like everyone says . But those improved ones are wonderful - brilliant colors and nice feel , not waxy at all . Trust me , there is a difference . I have n't washed the new improved ones yet , but they do look like they are durable and will withstand the wash . Wish there was a way to tell if the package we are getting from Amazon is new or old . I think the stock number is the same.UPDATE
 It seems to me that what transfer paper tries to accomplish is pretty remarkable
 I used these for my students -LRB- 3rd - 10th grade -RRB- to print a Photoshop design on tee shirts . They performed well for all of the students on tee shirts brought from home . Not all of the tee shirts were clean ... not all of the students were good with ironing ... but the tee shirts came out looking great . The tee shirt I made has small images on it from screenshots with text - images/text are crisp/clear despite small size.As the instructions say
 I have had no problems with this product so far . I used it to print some graphics onto non-stretch 100 % cotton fabric . My fabric was a dark beige color , and the color still came through really well.For what it 's worth , I followed the ironing instructions VERY closely , and everything went super smoothly - I was able to easily peel the backing away after letting the transfer cool for 2 - 3 minutes . I did notice that the transfer appeared slightly shiny on the fabric - this was n't an issue for me , but I thought I 'd mention it . Also , I was happiest with the results when I trimmed the paper as close as possible to the edge of the graphic I was transferring - just a tip.I have n't tried washing the finished products yet - hopefully they hold up reasonably well . If they do n't , I 'll update this review . *** UPDATE
 I did not expect much from any of the products like this , but this product exceeded all my expectations . The quality of the picture comes up great from the printer -LRB- I 'm using Canon s820 -RRB- , it 's easy to apply and it looks beautiful . I have n't tried to wash the t-shirt yet , but none of my t-shirts survives more than 5 washes anyway :--RRB- .
 These were great quality sheets . They were less expensive than some of the other brands , but the served their purpose .
 Nicely packaged . I only needed this to laminate some documents . I do n't know if I would use it for crafts . I would be really frustrated if I ruined my craft due to air bubbles .
 I choose a 5 star , I love how easy it is to useMy grandchildren pictures and special hand written work is safe foreverI would recommend every Grama or mom to have these laminating sheets on hand , You never know when a treasure will appearELC
 Avery Self-Adhesive Laminating SheetsI 've used self-adhesive laminating sheets in the past with great success , so I decided to try Avery 's brand . These sheets are not overly thick and are easy to use . I love the guide lines printed on the backing paper , this helps with trimming the sheets to fit your project . I first used two of these laminating sheets to protect a fastener torque chart for use in the garage . I frequently come across fasteners on cars/motorcycles where I may not have the service manual to tell me the recommended torque , so I found a sheet with recommended values based on the grade of the bolt and thread diameter . The laminating sheets help protect the chart so I can keep it handy in the workshop.Air bubbles seem easy to expel using the Avery sheets , and it was easy to trim without leaving any gooey adhesive.Overall
 This light weight laminate was perfect for projects I did . It sealed the items totally , with little effort , and cuts cleanly .
 I have been using these sheets for my small business needs for a few years now . They are great for finishing magnetic business cards and for protecting my handmade product signs . I also use them professionally in the classroom when I need to quickly cover something I want to make more durable . They are especially handy when I need to laminate something small for which using the large laminating machine would be a waste . Because they are so handy for small jobs , I get a lot of mileage out of a 25 sheet pack . This 50 sheet pack I just bought should last nearly forever . A lot of good bang for the buck !
 Great product , fool proof , beats buying a laminating machine . Price much lower than online sites and regular stores . Will definetely purchase this product again .
 I basically just use these to make crafts with my son to give out to people -LRB- aunts , daddy , etc -RRB- . It definitely is good to preserve those cute little handprints or whatever since construction paper only lasts so long . I even used these to make little ornaments for the christmas tree that will last many years to come . Quick delivery from Amazon . Laminating sheets are expensive everywhere so I wo n't comment on the price ... however Amazon was reasonable considering the cost elsewhere .
 I wanted to make picture cards for my son who is diagnosed with speech and language delay . The PECS system was pretty expensive so I started my search for an alternative product . These worked perfectly for creating little picture cards . It makes the paper ` child-proof ' . They were pretty easy to use and adhesive is very strong . I would recommend this product .
 Laminating things is so expensive . These papers are great because they are a great price and they go on smooth . I 've ordered two more packets of them because I like them so much and I do a lot of laminating for my children 's activities .
 just what I was expecting . This is a great product . I have a small business and this is perfect for protecting small signs andother items . Easy to use .
 Great item to have around for those small home or office lamination jobs . Great for protecting insurance cards and things of that nature .
 I use these to &#34; laminate &#34; or protect educational materials for my daughter that I do not want damaged with use . They work very well . One note though . When purchasing consider carefully the number of sheets you will need . Remember , Laminating works best when the entire document is covered -LRB- front and back -RRB- with plastic sheeting . So , that means that a box of 50 sheets will actually fully laminate -LRB- front and back -RRB- a maximum of 25 -LRB- 9 x 12 -RRB- inch documents . Additional boxes may need to be purchased in order to complete your project .
 I bought a package of the Avery sheets years ago . I still have quite a few left and every time I have used them I have never had a problem . I used them to laminate an entire cookbook I put together . They go on easily and smoothly . I had a box of Fellows Laminating Sheets that I had picked up anticipating running out of the Avery . What a piece of garbage these things were . I have yet to get one sheet perfectly smooth with them . They wrinkle and make a mess . I thought maybe it was me , so I pulled out a sheet of the Avery and it was perfect the first time . Just like always . I ordered 2 boxes of these because even though I do n't use them often , when I do , I want them to work . Highly recommend these .
 Avery Self-Adhesive Laminating Sheets are a great alternative to the copy center orders , which cost an average of $ 4.00 for a double sided lamination . Since I had to do quite a few laminating operations , I realized that this can get pretty expensive . So , I opted for the do-it-yourself version . It 's very easy to use
 I did want to purchase a laminating machine and these sheets work just as well.You have to take your time and work slowly but the end result is very nice .
 I am very happy with this product ! I am using it to make word cards for my daughter and they work just as well as using the industrial laminating machines . I would surely be spending a lot more to have things laminated elsewhere .
 Being a mother of 4 on a budget i couldnt afford an actual laminate machine . . so i thought i 'd try getting these ... LOVED them . i use them all the time for almost all my projects . Wall art , bookmarks , Kids artwork/framed . . this is great !
 I use these sheets for resist in acid-etching glass , and they work really well . Especially , when you peel it off , no residue of `` stickum '' remains on the glass . My local office supply store stopped carrying Avery and I tried Fellowes -- a disaster . Too thin , and too gummy . Very much worth ordering Avery on line .
 These are pretty good and easy to use , but if you need 50 of them , why not just buy a laminating machine ? They do n't have to be very expensive , and you 'd probably get a lot more use out of them in the long run , which will save you money . And they 're not that bulky , so saving space should n't be a legitimate consideration either . Just my tuppence ...
 The sheets worked really well , I used them for a photo book I made because I was n't able to put through a heated laminating machine . They were really simple to use & was a lot quicker then I thought it would go
 I use these to laminate all my recipe cards and any other thing I want to keep for a long while . The recipe card file looks terrific , they can all be wiped clean -LRB- front and back -RRB- and will last longer than I will . With over 500 cards in the file , this has been a long project but worth the time , effort and cost .
 We used these for a project at our VBS this summer . It was super easy to peel the strip and align it with our project then peel and laminate . We had instant success without having to rent a laminator !
 I bought these to laminate my collection of postcards , and they work very well . The pieces are thick so the cards do n't bend . The only negative is it is sometimes difficult to prevent air bubbles from getting trapped , but I think that is to be expected with any similar product . Anyways , awesome price , could n't do any better any where else online or in store !
 This product was very easy to use , and the results were perfect.I highly reccommend this product .
 I create prints from real dried flowers , and I mat and frame them to sell . However , if I mail them , I do n't send the frames , and I needed a 5x7 clear plastic envelope that seals , to protect the matted prints.ClearBags 5-7/16 '' x 7-1/4 '' Crystal Clear , Protective Polypropylene Storage Bags , with Flap , 100 BagsThey were just what I needed , the price was great , and I received them very quickly !
 I have always used this product as a part of my craft projects . It always gives a great performance ! I would not use anything else . The Amazon price was MUCH lower than other retail stores where I usually buy this . I will definitely buy from Amazon in the future
 I am rating Amazon as Avery Products are always dependable and wonderful.Amazon is also the best online shopping experience a person could use . I use itoften and highly recommend it to all my friends !
 I have been using these sheets for probably at least 20 years and they have always worked well . I primarily use them for photos , ID Cards , and any type of `` paper '' that I want to be safe from dirt , fingerprints , etc. . My children have often asked for me to laminate their artwork.I used to be able to buy these sheets at office supply stores , grocery stores and even pharmacy stores , but within the last few years no one carries them , so I am very happy that Amazon provides them to the consumer.The box came quickly and it was packaged very well.Thank you , Kathy
 I needed this laminating paper for a project and it did the job . Saved money doing it myself and it looks professional . I would recommend this product to anyone !!
 used to laminate a set of playing cards for a board game . Different sized cards - oversized 9 x 12 allowed me to place many cards at a time . Easy to cut/trim . Easy to reset - did not damage cards peeling off paper after wrong positioning , though once sealed between 2 sheets of lamanate it will not come off . no-heat made it safer option for my needs , but not a ` perfect ' seal - a little challenging to get all the air out , maybe if I had a press/rollers it would have came out better . A little sticky after trimming around the edges but after a few shuffles seemed fine .
 This is by far the cheapest , easiest way to laminate anything in my experience . These sheets last for years , do n't require special equipment , and laminate as well as many heat activated sheets . I use them frequently at home and have introduced them to my office , which also now uses them frequently . The price here is great and I always keep reserve boxes around . I have documents I laminated with these sheets years ago which are still in perfect condition thanks to this product . I 've looked , but never found a better overall option .
 The weight of the laminate will protect the document , but is a bit thin to use as a ID card laminate . I usually put a stiffener and laminate both front and back for cards that would be carried . The material stays in place very well and , so far , has stayed clear , though I do not put the item into the sun .
 A very usefull office and home use product . Well known brand at a very reasonable price . No reason to buy this anywhere in a regular store . I know I checked them all . I wish I could write this note about most other products we buy .
 Bought these for a small personal project for vacation . Easy to use , worked really well !
 The laminating sheets work really well , and allow you to adjust to the size of the item being laminated .
 I used to buy the Office Max $ 10 for 10 sheets , this is a great bargain , excellent product , you wo n't go wrong .
 We use these for all sorts of things . We write books for the kids in our families and use the sheets to give support to the covers of paperbacks or to protect the pages of picture books or board books for the younger kids . We make dry-erase boards out of the sheets on paper or cardboard , use them for chore sheets so we can write on them and reuse them , protect notes -LRB- such as the note above our son 's laundry basket reminding him of some basic clothing care for sorting his laundry -RRB- . We use them for crafts , to protect the rule sheets for games , protect important instruction manuals or recipe cards , and anything else we can think of . They 're easy to to size , we can put them on just one side of our project or both as needed .
 This product works fine . I did have trouble at times applying it smoothly to another surface . There were air bubbles and creases . Other than that this product was what I needed .
 I used these to laminate photos/drawings/artwork that my kids have done over the last few years . I then 3 hole punched the sheets and put them in a binder . Could n't really ask for more . Just takes some time and patience to line up the two sheets perfectly . The only thing I do n't like , and it 's really not the fault of this product , is that a piece of colored construction paper that has a drawing completely filling it will have to be trimmed on every side to fit . So if all you have is construction paper artwork to laminate , these will be frustrating to work with .
 I use these laminating sheets for many things ... bookmarks , protecting favorite recipes , special cards from the grandchildren , etc. . They are very easy to use and the protection lasts a long time .
 I used these on Kerr canning jars that I use for storing food in my fridge , such as nuts , flours and seeds . After printing an Avery stick-on label , I cut the laminate sheet to size and applied it over the label . Piece of cake . Easy to use .
 Great product ! Used it to laminate a handmade handprint calander . it turned out great ! was very easy to peel off and stick . will use again !
 I put this on EVERY paperback I buy ! STAPLES and OFFICEMAX do not reliably carry it so I order from AMAZON and am never disappointed !
 I initially used this for `` chore cards '' for my children that easily got soiled , bent , wet , etc and loved the results so much that I bought some more . It is super easy to use and makes paper items that you want to last so much more durable . The only reason I am giving it 4 stars instead of 5 is that I found that sometimes it did n't cut real smoothly and I would have to go back and re-trim the edges , but that may be the paper cutter I was using . Also , it has a split back to make peeling the paper off easy , but it is only in one place , so if you are using it for smaller items , it can be hard to get the backing off . Overall though I really love this product and can find all sorts of uses for it ! Plus the price was great .
 Grid marking on back assists when trimming for smaller items . Top strip helps position laminate and eliminate air pockets . Adequate thickness for ease of handling and quality coverage .
 I use these laminating sheet all the time to create activities for my homeschool preschoolers . I use them to laminate flashcards to make them more durable , file folder games , tracing sheets -LRB- for use with dry-erase markers -RRB- , learning games , etc. . At first I would ruin a bunch of sheets trying to get them on without any bubbles until I figured out that the best way to use these self-adhesive lamination sheets is to peel the paper off and place them sticky-side up on a table surface and then put the sheet you want to laminate on top . If you want to laminate the other side , place another lamination sheet sticky side up on the table and place your paper on top again . This technique has worked every time for me .
 I had a box of these that I 'd been using for years on literally everything , from making refrigerator magnets from cartoons I cut out , things I kept in my wallet , something I really liked and wanted to keep free from getting ruined by moisture , I ca n't even remember all the things I have used these sheets for in the past.I like the fact that they have a grid , it makes it much easier to measure and to cut straight , and they are nicer than the laminating pockets or the ones you have to use with a machine . I do n't like the laminating pockets because I do n't always want to laminate both sides of whatever I am using , and these are perfect.Oh , I forgot , I took the business cards I made , laminated them , and turned them into luggage tags.The reasons I like getting them at Amazon are many . I have not been able to find them in office supply stores anymore . Other websites , including eBay , were more expensive . And I get free shipping with only $ 25 in orders , and it is really easy for me to rack up $ 25 on here . I ordered 2 other office supply items , and they were all shipped together , arriving super fast . No tax , free shipping , lowest product price . Ca n't beat it.I did notice that these were a tad different than my old ones . My old ones , with the same item number , were a little thicker , and did n't have the easy peel thing at the end . You used to have to pick at the corner to get it started if you were using the whole sheet . You still have to do that with these if you are only using a portion of the sheet , but it is not hard to do.It literally took years for me to use up the last box I had , but I always find more uses for this stuff . And I always save the little scraps and keep it in the box because you never know when you are going to laminate something tiny , and this way you wo n't have to start a new sheet .
 These sheets are great for protecting documents that get handled over and over again . For small , around the house projects , these are quality and easy to use . However , a box of 50 sheets will only laminate 25 pages , if you want both the front and the back of the page laminated . With that in mind , it is probably more economical to buy a laminating machine for bigger jobs.Suggestion
 These are great for protecting my paperback covers . I initially got these to protect the covers of some well used paperbacks I had purchased . They worked so well that I decided to start using them on all of my paperbacks , both new and used . They are sticky enough to stay in place , but giving enough to allow you to start over without destroying the book . A single sheet is perfect to cover a single Mass Market Paperback sized book , even once with 1100 + pages . For larger format paperbacks , like omnibus collections , it is best to used two sheets , with an overlap on the binding edge.For those who what to use these to preserve your paperbacks , I have a few helpful hints :1 -RRB- Be patient - You will probably the first couple of time , until you figure out a method which works best for you2 -RRB- Use a straight edge to apply - a metal ruler works best for me3 -RRB- Use a razor to trim - an box cutter or exacto knife works great to trim the sheet into shape/size of the book4 -RRB- Be patient - This can not be emphasized enough
 This is the product for you . First of all , it 's simple . Second , no heat , no probability of burning yourself or your house down . -LRB- yes , I have issues with making certain heated products are turned off -RRB- No smell , laminators stink , period , they stink ... as in smell.And they send you what they call 50 covers , but in fact , if you only need ONE SIDE covered , as I did for some art work to go on a wall , you actually have 100 SHEETS !!! Now how awesome is that?You will not be disappointedDianne Schuch Lindsey dlschuch at Salon.com -LRB- Open Salon -RRB-
 I love these sheets . No other like product even touches them in performance . They are easy to use , long lasting , and very economical .
 I bought this to protect sand art projects . The product works great and is very easy to use . We will be able to use this for other art projects too .
 I use these laminating sheets almost daily in my childcare business . They 're easy to use and we even use them for art projects .
 Easier and cheaper than other methods . Will it beat out a heat laminator with the fixes ? No . But its easier and I do n't need the high quality .
 This is a very simple , easy to use laminate sheet . It is NOT double sided like the 3M brand laminates , but I do n't need it to be . It trims very easily by simply sliding the scissors down the edge of whatever you laminated , and despite directions to the contrary , it does n't need to be folded around the edges of the sheet you 're laminating in order to stay bonded . I recommend using a hard rubber brayer to smooth down the edges extra tight to ensure a good seal and no air bubbles.I give it only 4 out of 5 stars because compared to the 3M sheets , it 's not as glossy or clear . But it is still clearer than every other similar product I 've tried .
 If your a do-it-yourself-er , and do not mind if your lines are not perfect , this is the one you want to use . Good quantity and large enough individual sheets to do almost any project .
 Really like these laminating sheets - did n't at first expect them to be single pages , but they work well especially for notes and newspaper articles that I want to be able to work with or read later .
 Was going to spend more for a machine - plus having to buy the sheets as well . Came across this and for me I have found it to work really well . Have used it quite a bit and shared result with family and friends - all have been quite impressed . Will certainly continue to keep a supply on hand.Paul
 I love these laminating sheets . They are so much easier and cheaper than using a laminating machine . I use it mostly for my children 's artwork . They choose which pictures/drawings that they want to keep , and I put them back to back between the laminating sheets . Then we 3-hole punch it and put it into a binder . They each get their own binder and they love looking through them -- their very own portfolios . I also have laminated some of the notes and artwork that they have made for me and put them aside . I have also used it for times tables , sight word lists , maps , and other things that get handled a lot . Such a useful item , and are usually cheaper on Amazon then at Staples .
 Avery labels - these are decent labels . We use them for our church newsletters . They seal on the newsletters well - they pass USPS standards for mailing bulk items . They break easily enough when the person goes to break the seal before they read the newsletter.They are easy to put on because the sheet is designed to separate easily from the product.They hold when and where they are supposed to and they break when and where they are supposed to.I 've tried a lot of seals - these are the best .
 I chose to order these because I had previously used them and could not expect to be able to find them locally . They do the required job without a problem and they come in a large quantity package .
 Initially , when I bought this I was just looking for a cheap clipboard in case this one `` walked away '' like most of the others that I 've purchased over the years . This one is sturdy and lightweight but I especially like the fact that it does n't have a fixed/protruding `` eye '' that most clipboards have -LRB- which seem to scratch EVERY piece of furniture that I come in contact with ! -RRB- , however , for those who do hang up their clipboards , there is a retractable `` eye '' . It 's durable and easy to clean -LRB- very necessary when you 're working in hospitals and physcian offices ! -RRB- and I 'm impressed with the quality . Now that I 've tested it out , I 'm going to buy some more !
 Well there is not much to say . It 's a clipboard and works as intended . I only needed it as a prop so it served it purpose .
 It does everything I needed it to do , unfortunately it is very difficult to open as one of the sides always stick .
 I met a fellow D&D ; player that had this exact model of storage clipboard , and I knew I had to have it . The white divider inside opens and closes both directions , and theRules Compendium
 great to work with on the road for your business.you wont lose anything that 's certain . its not cold to hold onto either
 I was looking to get a clipboard in which I could keep all the documents I have to carry around without getting dirty or teared , I usually work outdoors and rain and mud ase usual part of my day -LRB- production assistant -RRB- , so I found this incredible clipboard which is big enough to carry all the documents and stationery I used to work with -LRB- and not heavy -RRB- , it has a lock that will allow you to roam around without being worried that something will fall off . If you are someone who is always on the move this clipboard is for you .
 I bought this to hold my PDA , accessories book and notes for a class I am taking and it 's wonderful . I like to sit back a write on my lap and it 's perfect . I wish the plastic part inside would snap down better but it 's not a huge problem .
 Useful storage , nice clipboard , and an unusual accessory inside . All-in-all good product , exactly what it looks like , and useful for carrying extra office supplies .
 Bought his for a science-minded ninth grader . Great color and is laminated , included bio of scientists on chart . Appropriate size for bedroom wall . Took a week for USPS to deliver .
 This is an excellent periodic table of elements . Perfect for a classroom or just a kid who 's really into chemistry .
 very fine point and is dark too and the give you an good amount of pens too.i would buy it again but with the amount they give you i really do n't think ill need to buy any anytime soon .
 Nothing bad to say , very satified . ! For the price you could not go wrong , this was a supply need for my Son school .
 All I use are black thin markers for my magnetic fridge boards . These seem to do a good job and are long lasting .
 I love these Expo Low Odor Fine Tip Dry Erase markers , they work great as expected and without the overwhelming odor that many dry erase markers have . I like the fine tip , it is a nice switch from the chunkier tips and I am able to write smaller yet quite legibly with these finer tips . The -LRB- ink -RRB- is consistently deep and exactly right . As long as the cap is securely replaced , these last a very long time without drying out.The surface that I most often use these markers on is our master bathroom 's mirror , which is not frequented by others . I still use sticky notes in other areas of our home , but for things that I am especially worried I may forget - -LRB- I have residual memory issues from a previous illness -RRB- - I use these primarily for the mirror that I use most often , where I am sure to see it . I keep one of these markers handy in this bathroom , where I can quickly make myself a little note right when I am thinking of it.I have never had any problems with staining or residue left behind on my mirror -LRB- or on my dry erase board -RRB- after wiping away -LRB- with a dry cloth , tissue or paper towel -RRB- . I have left these `` mirror notes '' up as long as 3 weeks at a time , and every time the ink wipes away cleanly with no trace of my writing or any sort of mirror staining/damage whatsoever , even in the bathroom 's steamy environment.As far as what most people use these for , dry erase boards , this is the only brand I trust not to stain my board and it has never let me down with ink quality or erasability , and I happily recommend these markers .
 Well , the teacher who required a box of these from each of his students has n't complained yet I guess they must be good pens ! Huzzah !
 I 'm an academic consultant and rely on dry erase markers during my sessions to teach lessons effectively . It is very important to me that I have reliable markers , otherwise the session is impaired by my inability to demonstrate concepts and the students inability to receive those concepts . This product comes with 12 markers that work extremely well , and I am guaranteed not to run out during a session . Delivery was speedy and efficient , for I received the product 2 days after I submitted my order . At the low cost , it is a steal compared to store retailers like OfficeMax and Office Depot .
 These markers are petite enough for kids hands but do n't feel puny in my hand , either . I am disappointed that a ultra-fine tip is now unavailable but these work fine and do n't dry out too quickly .
 Low odor ... well , I shudder to think of the regular . Nothing wrong with the markers -LRB- what COULD be wrong anyway ? -RRB-
 Writes nice thin lines . Recaps easily . Lasts a long time . Erases easily . Right price . Quick delivery . Recommended . Maybe a box of 6 would be a better size
 Not much to say here , they 're markers , they write stuff , last decently long , tops are a bit snug but thats fine . Pick 'em up if you have the need .
 Gave to kids teachers for Christmas gifts . The teachers appreciated the new markers . They came nicely packaged , ready for giving .
 I use these in tubs at students ' tables . When working on quick Round Robin activities , they are perfect to help students do their work without wasting perfectly good pencils and paper - very earth friendly !
 I hand these out , along with plastic sheet sleeves for the players of my pen and paper RPG sessions . It helps keep the constant erasing from ruining the papers and wasting erasers !
 I 've got a small white board . For that one , I can use only medium points . Hence bought this . * . Nice point . been using one pen for 15-20 days . still sharp , still good . * easy to erase - which is goooooood .
 I noticed so many people complaining about the packaging , and I felt the need to write this review . I have been using Prismacolor pencils for more than 20 years , and the quality of these colored pencils can not be beat , in my opinion . I have used expensive Derwent , Faber Castle , and many others . They are not as good , and I always end up reaching for my Prismacolors.Most important note
 Soft and creamy , rich palette of deep colors - description for what I think are truly the best coloring pencils I 've ever used . And , as an architect , I 've looked for and tried many different brands , and none have matched the quality of the Berol Prismacolor pencils . Living in Portugal , where I ca n't get them , I was very happy to be able to order them through Amazon.com
 I enjoy using these for drawing . There is a very nice choice of colors and 24 is a good quantity to get a broad selection . Plus , you can always blend colors to get more variety . Very nice quality .
 These pencils -LRB- especially at the $ 13 they cost me -RRB- are hands down the best art purchase I have made in the last year , maybe ever . The first full composition i did came out very bold and rich , with amazingly vibrant colors . The sense of depth and smooth blending you get from these rivals many more expensive pencils . I did a side by side comparison with standard prismacolors , as well as prismacolor premiers , and the difference is almost unnoticable . If you are having trouble deciding on pencils , and do n't want to empty your bank account ; do n't hesitate , you will not be disappointed with this set of pencils .
 Very satisfied with the results I got with these pencils . The colors are very vibrant and bring my artwork to life . Could n't be more pleased .
 I Love these pencils , always have . They are wonderful for anyone who loves to draw , from aged four to ninety-four . I 've always believed that every child deserves good school supplies and these are good enough for anyone . Crayola has wonderful crayons , but their colored pencils are n't even close to the best . They are great for even preschool children , because the leads write smoothly and do n't crumble.The price her on Amazon is terrific , and a package of these pencils and a really nice sketch pad makes a perfect gift for almost any child for almost any occasion . These pencils were part of my `` special travel bag '' which I had for long car rides or any plane ride . Now that my baby is no longer a little baby , she has the full set of 132 colored pencils in a lovely tin.If you absolutely unable to live without erasing your mistakes , Prismacolor offersPrismacolor Col-Erase Erasable Colored Pencils , 24-Color Pencil Set , which are not quite as cool as the regular colored pencils , but have the advantage of being erasable . An absolutely critical addition to these pencils are thePrismacolor Pencil 1077 Blender , which blends the colors effortlessly , and makes your colored pencil creations much nicer.Oh , and the lousy packaging ? I strongly prefer the tins or wooden cases to the cardboard packaging . I know that most colored pencils come in a cardboard box , but the tin or wooden boxes are so preferable to this one.These pencils are just the best , and I 'm sure you wo n't be sorry if you give them a try . Just grab a container to hold them .
 Buy first , Review later ! `` Question
 My kids notebook , journal , and color pictures every day for school in history and science -LRB- we homeschool -RRB- . We are over half way through the school year and these pencils have stood up to my 6 and 8yo no problem , have given great color , no broken tips , sharpen great -LRB- electric sharpener if it matters -RRB- . We have tried 2 other popular brands available in `` box stores '' and the tips always broke , did n't sharpen well , did n't color well , did n't flow smoothly , they were horrible - and we tried several different boxes over the years of both . We have had such great success with Prismacolor Scholars I will never go back and spend the extra money every year . I may splurge and get the bigger set for my oldest next year because she loves the extra color choices but the 24 count has been SUPER for both kids .
 These are wonderful to color with , it 's like using cream , they go on so smoothly and bright !
 I gave ths set to my 18 yr . old niece who will be attending college . The school in Savannah GA offers courses in graphic arts . All I can say is she was very grateful for the abilitities the set offered . I guess that versatiity played a part . Her testimony is sufficient . I plan to explore for more sets of Prismacolor products . I was pleased for the price as well .
 These were resonably priced and were handy for a lesson that I planned to help students remember -LRB- by visualizing -RRB- new vocabulary words . The colors were good and there was enough variety to make all the students happy with the ones they chose .
 This is a great product . I was very pleased that all of the pencils were sharpened .
 I bought these for my daughter , and she said they are the best she has ever used . They are much softer than the cheapies she has been using . Nice smooth color .
 I bought these as a gift for my artistic niece , and she loves them . She is in high school , and these made a good step up from what she was using previously . They seem like a great value .
 I was exposed to Prismacolors pencils as a child . I have not used them in a long time as an adult . The Scholar set was perfect for me . It contains all the colors I need to color Sacred Geometric figures . I took a class on Sacred Geometry a while back and I was advised by my instructor to get some Prismacolor Pencil because of their vivid colors.Those pencils are not easy to get at a local art store . I had to search and buy then online.I got a smaller set at a barging price before , but I was taking by the seller . He/she just mixed and match perhaps what she/he wanted to get rid of.I really enjoy my Prismcolor Scholar Pencils!Ami
 This 24 pack set of Prismacolor scholar colored pencils is a good standard set to have . The clear plastic packaging that it comes in with snap closure is alright , but I would prefer a tin or a cardboard box . The colors are nice , and give a smooth application of color on any paper surface . Because they are Prismicolor , each pencil has a unique color name , as well as a color number to identify it . Just as a caution if you are trying to compare colors , these colored pencils -LRB- Prismacolor in general -RRB- do not have the same names as Crayola colored pencils .
 They may not be the easiest colored pencils to draw with , but they are surely productive once you get the hang of 'em . They really DO N'T break under normal pressure or when u sharpen them as they are described . I uploaded a quick picture I colored with the product once I got it . I do recommend those pencils .
 We have tried many kinds of coloured pencils for my children , who spend an inordinate amount of time drawing . We have found that Prismacolor scholar is more affordable for them than the higher and more expensive Prismacolor lines , but that the colour lays down well and they hold up . In addition , they are made in the USA .
 My son is 4th grade & has a lot art works for his homework . He loves this pencils because it is soft & easy to put color on paper .
 These are great pencils with strong `` lead '' that does n't break nearly as easily as Crayola colored pencils and others . You can also see a difference in the saturation of the color on the page . The quality difference makes drawing so much rewarding for my kids . And even though these cost a bit more , I think they will last MUCH longer so they seem like a great value , too .
 One just can not beat Prisma color pencils ! My daughter - the artist - will not use any others . She needed a new set , so these were for her . The color is rich and applies smoothly .
 I simply love the colors . This is a great company and people who use them already know the quality is great .
 My daughter loves these pencils and has no complaints with them . We 've bought a few sets and she prefers to get these so far . Ca n't say much more but have n't had any problems with them so recommend .
 These Prismacolor colored pencils are more fragile and softer than the original Prismacolor sets , but I 'm in no position to complain considering the price difference . Overall , I 'm pretty satisfied with the product although the hues are brighter than I expected . The tape on the plastic packaging also appeared disheveled when I received it , though the colored pencils were in fine condition . Although I was a bit hesitant to order colored pencils online , I have n't encountered any lead breakage from the shipping . Thanks for the product !
 We love these color pencils . My kids get so much satisfaction from their works of art because the color lays down so beautifully without having to wear out their arms trying to make it dark enough to be pretty .
 My Mother is always on the lookout for high quality colored pencils for her artwork but she 's become a huge fan of the Prismacolors after I introduced them to her . To me , they 're no lesser quality than the expensive sets you 'll find at your local craft store . They do n't snap , the colors are bright and vivid and they do n't become brittle over time . For the price , I do n't think you 're going to find a better set of colored pencils.You may want to get a bigger collection of colors as this is only a set of 24 , but , even then - just to have this as a base unit , I 'd pick one up .
 I used Prismacolors when I was in high school and still have my set . My daughter enjoyed using them so I bought her her own set -LRB- this also protects my set -RRB- ! Prismacolors are great for drawing finer detail in color and coloring in with some blending . I purchased this set on sale , so it was a bargain !!
 These pencils are very good . Sharpen easily . Colors do n't smear . Price is kind of high but I 'm still glad I bought them and would recommend them for anyone that likes coloring in a coloring book or is a budding artist .
 My daughter almost 3 loves these pencils . She uses them every day . They have nice box so it also teaches her to organize them nicely in it .
 Lovely , solid little pen . I always carry one with me , and get many compliments .
 Good markers with a spray bottle and a decent eraser . I think the eraser will get better with use though . Must have for a dry erase board .
 It came on time as I wanted it . It 'll be great for doing math at school . We do whiteboards a lot .
 There 's not much to say about this set that you could n't guess for yourself ... they have a true color and the eraser and spray work really well . The red is a little difficult to get off the cheap dry erase boards though . I like the set and I am happy I got it .
 The product works well for what it was meant to do . One ` bar ' of this tack is enough to split between all four corners of a poster . I didnt have to knead it at all to make it stick ... . Just push it to the back of the poster then to the wall .
 Man I was growing crazy trying to keep my picture frames from being tilted -LRB- my house is n't exactly level -RRB- . Well this is what I needed . A little dab of this sticky stuff and the pictures stay put where I put them , no more tilt . Would work perfect for posters I 'm sure . Best of all , this stuff is n't permanent nor does it put holes in your walls .
 I have a support group I attend and we give out awards for milestones etc. ... The commercial plaques are very expensive and are hard to make work for us . So I came up with a way to use a Photo type prints with text and a graphic placed in a standard frame . Since these would be perpetual type displays they had to be able to hold more awards . You stick your award to the glass or the print . I tried that UGLUE product and it works ok but It gets hard sometimes and tough to remove from some things . Oh Uglue is also hard to cut into pieces because it sticks to the stupid scissors.Bingo I rediscovered this product . It is plenty sticky even with Glass and if they stick it to the Photo Paper backer they can remove it with out destroying the graphic . It sticks great to brass , aluminum , glass , plastic , paper and photo paper . It does n't dry out and a little dab will do you . Oh do n't use to much or it can stick a little to well . Some one had used a piece the diameter of a quarter and I had to pry it lose the plastic a knife .
 I know that these poster tacks are for putting things on walls , but for me they work great for tilting down a collie 's ears . Actually they do n't stick too well , but I used some superglue on them and then molded them to the underneath of my dog 's ears . Now Daisy 's ears look perfect . Post Tack has just the right weight and malleability for tilting a dog 's ears . I 'd read about this stuff on a website about ear-tilting and after trying everything else , this stuff is the absolute best ! Thanks Elmer , you 've been in my life a long time and you 're still doing good work .
 What can you really say , it 's poster tack . It did the job I needed it to do , so I ca n't complain .
 Works great to put up and keep up laminated paper on basement concrete walls . This is the only product I 've found to work .
 This product is great , I am using this for stop motion and it works great with figurines . It does take a while to warm up and become very sticking , kneed it very well before using . Thanks .
 I use this to keep my pictures straight that are hanging on the wall . I looked everywhere for it , finally , since Amazon has everything , I searched for it here . Works wonderful .
 I 've tried yellow tack , white tack , tape , poster tack etc. . . BLUE TACk is the only thing that works on my classroom walls .
 Yes , this stuff is great for hanging posters or putting on the bottom of items that you want to stay on a shelf in an earthquake . It was only after some experimentation that I found that it cures asthma , can be used as a fuel and tastes like fresh blueberries .
 used this to put up three posters , one of them fell down after about two weeks . The other two are holding up fine .
 I 've been using this stuff for years . It is great for arts and crafts and does a great job with posters as well !
 Never thought this clay like dough would be so strong and long lasting . Just a small peice can get the job done . This stuff is just awesome .
 This does just what I want it to do , trim photo 's . I think that the slide stop could have been engineered better though . it does ` nt slide or lock properly .
 Its a great cutter for those 1 -3 page cuts . Good Value ! Would purchase again . Easy to use . good price .
 I 'm really happy with this trimmer . I cut out a lot of paper products and have always used rotary blade trimmers but when my last broke I purchased this one and love it . I get much cleaner cuts than the rotary trimmers and they are more precise . The blade really does cut through the cardstock like butter . The plastic guide is useless to me - it slips off easy and just is n't that helpful so I just removed it . You still have to be careful to hold the paper down tight as you trim or else the paper will slip . I cut 100 lb cardstock and can cut two sheets at a time . Overall , I 'm super happy with this trimmer !
 Why do I love these binders so ? They 're made entirely of polypropylene , a scent-free , harmless clear plastic -LRB- no smelly vinyl -RRB- , so they look very modern . They 're sealed on all sides , rather like a clear DVD case , so they 're dust free . Since they 're sealed on all sides they 're essentially flat boxes -LRB- sort of -RRB- which you can stack them any way you like . A transparent cover insert area , again like a DVD case , for creative customization -LRB- or just let the first page of your papers show through the cover , that works too ! -RRB- . Another practical advantage
 These things are the best protectors since sliced bread . If I could start over , I 'd transfer all my photo albums into them - they close snugly , protecting contents from dust and you do n't have that business of pages drooping down and sagging when storing the album standing up , which often is the case with standard open binders . A great and apparently unique product .
 Paperwork has been the bane of my life . Before UniKeep binders , I just COULD NOT get it all organized . I tried everything , but the papers were still piling up in jumbles , and I was still wasting time searching for important information , not to mention losing it altogether.I think that UniKeep binders are the best invention in the history of paperwork . I can see my whole shelf of UniKeep in the cabinet , and it is unbelievable how convenient and perfect they are . Three ring binders in my cabinet would be impossible because they are triangular , plus they would be full of dumb , easily-breaking metal rings , plus they would not be able to hold stuff in a box if I did n't feel like hole-punching them in.I know that one day , UniKeep will be the standard and three-ring binders will be as old-fashioned as records . Sure , three-ring binders , like records , will be kind of vintage and have a certain nostalgia appeal , but we all know that records skip , break , and warp , just as three-ring binders are the wrong shape -LRB- triangular -RRB- , made with the wrong ring material -LRB- metal -RRB- , with the wrong kind of sides -LRB- open -RRB- . What uses will the world find for all those old binders anyway ? UniKeep are 100 % recyclable , not like those old clunkers . Three-ring binders are definitely 20th century paperwork technology and I am just grateful I live in the 21st century , in the world of UniKeep.As an anti-PVC crusader , of course , the fact that Unikeeps are 100 % PVC free -LRB- as the other reviewer said -- they do n't smell , they 're not toxic , they 're recyclable -RRB- is an added and important bonus .
 This is excellent as far as ease of use . It opens and closes with very little effort which is important to me as I have arthritis . In the pictures , the `` leather grain vinyl '' looks classier and I thought it was a lower gloss . I had dreamed of a binder like this that also looked classy and upscale , but it this is a bit more of a conventional shiny binder .
 This is excellent as far as ease of use . It opens and closes with very little effort which is important to me as I have arthritis . In the pictures , the `` leather grain vinyl '' looks classier and I thought it was a lower gloss . I had dreamed of a binder like this that also looked classy and upscale , but it this is a bit more of a conventional shiny binder .
 all o.k. great product . function normally and i like your goods . manufactures is o.k. i will buy in the future other products .
 I love my cutter . It saves me a lot of time . I make wedding invitations with it . The only complaint I have with it is that the measuring guide is stationary and very difficult to move from one position to another . They should have made it slide and lock only when you want it to . Good that it is tight and stays still while you cut but a pain if you have many different sizes to cut . Otherwise . I love it .
 Excellent paper trimmer . I 've used many paper trimmers , and this is the best . Smooth , easy , sharp cut . Excellent value .
 The price was great and the service excellant . I use this product for cutting verneer and it works great !
 Being a size 8 woman , I personally did not fit inside the 3 '' binder . Others might , though - and maybe I just needed a 5 '' . I 'll ask Mitt what he thinks.BUT REALLY
 This item is wonderful . It removes sticky labels and also magic marker . It has a nice citrusy smell and does n't make me sneeze like some chemical removers . It is a bit expensive , but lasts a very long time . It does everything it says it does . I work in a library and use it for all kinds of labels and marks . Also my scizzors get sticky cutting clear book tape and this takes the sticky off the scizzors and makes them sharp and easy to use . I highly recommend this pen .
 This adhesive remover is the best so far , I have tried other brands and other products but no one compares to the power of this Pen remover . I usually remove very old stickers , which have been place longer than 10 years , without to much trouble . I really recomend this product .
 I still think these are some what over priced , however I do manage to get a lot of life out of them . Fantastic for removing stickers and grim off about anything . It also does n't leave a nasty residue from products like goo gone . Why do I have to clean it twice , you do n't with this Sticker & Marker Remover Pen !
 Why do stores have to put the price tags on the glass when pricing photo frames ? Its been driving me nuts for years but finaly a simple way to remove them with minimul effort , works as advertised
 Love this so much ! The pen like container is convenient and works just like a paint pen . Push the tip against the object and a citrus scented remover covers the area -- the remover is very effective . Have used the bottles with the other removers and this is a great improvement .
 This is a great cutter . I bought this for our church office . We use it alot for the bullentins and our kids area . It works great with all kinds of paper and sizes . The cutter is also very sleek looking .
 Length :
 This was a smart investment ; as a scrapbooker and student with binders to prep , I use it everyday . I just do n't know where to sharpen the blades , but I have heard that you can , without having to buy a new unit .
 I 'm a kindergarten teacher and this paper cutter works well on construction paper . I 'm delighted !
 I bought this cutter to use with my digital scrapbooking . The pictures need to be straight with no rough edges , and this cutter does that and more . I love the blade because it is so precise & sharp . I would recommend this product to any scrapbooker or otherwise .
 The Exacto 26358 is an affordable paper cutter . It cuts a good number of pieces at a time without losing a clean edge . Be careful with the feet , though , which are plastic .
 I do a lot of cross stitching and when it came to framing I had the hardest time cutting a straight line on my matt board now it looks prefect and I do n't spend a lot of waisted time and waste a lot of materials because my lines are crooked wish I had bought it sooner .
 If you like shiny things you 'll like this . This is not flat silver , but glittery silver . People with a shiny affinity tend to have a shorter attention span so this needed to be stated first.Writes on almost anything . . and if the ink sticks it is highly legible.Perfect for labeling CD/DVD . Do n't waste money on `` special '' disc burning label pens . I have used sharpies on burned CDs for many years and not a single damage issue.I primarily use the silver sharpie to write notes on power bricks -LSB- for electronics -RSB- . While a twist-tie label can be removed by gremlins silver sharpie model-X , volt/amp Y information is there to stay forever . . or longer than anyone I know will live.Another great pen -- not available in this item set -- is a UV ink pen . Those are great for -LSB- 1 -RSB- returning items to be sure you actually get a new item , and to -LSB- 2 -RSB- help others identify ` returned as defective ' merchandise.Silver sharpies have a similar use to UV pens
 I do n't normally write reviews for magic markers but I am for this one only because of the following : For years I 've been trying to figure out why magic marker companies like Sharpie do n't offer the color white . Why white , well because like you , I 've had many black items which I needed to write information on . And I 'm too lazy to use a label maker . Besides , there are certain things that labels will lose their adhesion on . Example
 I use these daily for writing and marking black iron , anodized metal , and painted parts . You can use black markers for machined parts , but when the surface is too dark , they do n't work very well . These do . Instead of a grease pencil or soap stone which are temporary , silver markers can be permanent in some situations , at least MORE permanent.They are also less messy , runny , or smear -LRB- y -RRB- than paint markers .
 So far these markers are holding up very well and have not dried up . I really like the silver color , although keep in mind that the tip while initially at a point does get compressed down into a more broad shape after significant use .
 Everyone can use a sharpie ! I use both the black and the silver to mark clothing and tupperwear . The silver also works great to number your firearm magazines . Why mark the magazine ? So when it starts malfunctioning you know what magazine number it is and can mark it as a range mag or replace the spring . Cheap and high utility .
 Used these to personalize flash drives for Christmas . Worked great ! Smooth writing , and shows up beautifully on black plastic . Very happy .
 The marker worked better than I thought possible . It is perfect for what I needed it to do . Dries quick and is very legible on the black surface.I defiantly recommend them !
 As someone who likes to keep my vehicle in good shape , I found that living at a place with curb side parking was not the best idea ... I have some scrapes on my Nissan Altima OEM lustre 19 '' wheels . This marker matches that almost perfectly , and lightens the finish up until the scraches are almost not noticeable.Otherwise , they 're great for writing on dark objects , and cover just as well as any other sharpie . They last a long time compared to some of the old bad smelling metallic markers that were out years ago . I always keep several on hand , and at least one in my car detail bag .
 The pens are good quality but I have noticed that the markings fade on clothes after not too many washings if you use them to mark dark clothes . The black pens , by comparison , hold up much better in the wash .
 These silver sharpie pens are wonderful to add some sparkle to class projects . They can decorate a notebook , drawing and are amazing as they really show up on darker materials .
 I picked this up based on a lifehacker.com tip
 Have you ever wanted to label your black power adapter ? Does your spouse put them all in a drawer together , and then say she ca n't find the right one for this or that gadget and they should be labeled ? This is the solution ; you can write `` Kindle '' or `` Photon '' or whatever you need to make the point . In this case silver beats black ! And a Five pack is just enough to make sure that you have one or two left for yourself after family members appropriate them .
 I used these for my photo booth guest book . They wrote perfectly and looked amazing on the black scrapbook pages that my wedding guests wrote notes on next to their photo booth pics .
 They havent yet ran out of ink and they are very bright and can write great on cloth . I really liked this product .
 My title says it all.These markers make permanent marks on a plethora of surfaces.DVD 's -- Tools -- Cell Phones -- etc.Be careful
 these are awesome for writing on darker materials or for more contrast , where needed . The ink is more permanent than other metallic markers -LRB- i use them on arrow fletchings and the only way it comes off is if plastic beneath it does .
 I like to use a sharpie to label students ' things but how do you label a black recorder ? With a silver sharpie . It shows up so much better than oil based . It exactly does what i needed .
 I can not live without these Sharpies . Okay , maybe not literally , but I have black belongings that I need to write my name on . This Sharpie seems to write on anything and is very visible.The ink is durable . I wrote my name on a hard case for my Kindle and it started to fade after months of constant touching . This is easier than making labels and can look professional if you have good handwriting or stencils .
 I bought these to use mainly at school to label items in my classroom . -LRB- I teach instruments , so labeling cases and music stands is a must -RRB- . I used one marker for well over a year , until the tip finally wore out . I have been very happy with the quality of the ink as it does not chip off or show any signs of wear . The fine point tip is ideal for my uses . The metallic color of the ink might not be as shiny as some might want ... but is fine for me .
 I ordered these silver sharpie markers for my wedding guests to write with in a black photo scrap book.These markers are perfect!I was concerned that other types of pens would be too hard for young kids or people with arthritis to use . The ink flows freely from these sharpies like a normal writing pen , dries quickly , and can easily be seen on the black paper . I am glad that I chose these over paint and gel pens .
 I purchased these markers to use on black jar tops . This has worked out for me perfectly . I have tested it on other colors and surfaces but highly recommend for writing on black or very dark colors . When I used it on medium blue notebook cover as an example it just looked gray and on some surfaces it did n't show up at all . So bear in mind what you are hoping to do with it before you buy .
 Bought this for my sons baseball glove and a few other things that are black . Writes perfectly and looks good . I need more black things to ID with this marker . I had searched for quite a while for white markers before I came across this . It has been perfect for it 's simple task
 These markers do n't need to be shaken up and do n't need time for the paint to soak into the point . Out of the box it makes a nice sharp line with even flow . It can be used to write on white , black , and translucent objects .
 Writes well on everything ... You may have problems seeing it on light backgrounds , but looks awesome on everything else . I am tempted to write on everything it looks so good !! Thanks Sharpie and Amazon for another great product !
 These are awesome markers for automotive work , makes it easy to see for reassembly . Work really well on other items as well .
 Very good quality . I expected the mark to be just a little more `` metallic '' than it is but , am still pleased .
 These are excellent markers to permanently write on dark surfaces such as plastic . For example , to write your name on a powertool or bottom of a computer .
 These work very nice for marking on dark objects . They are actually paint so it takes a short time for the marking to dry . They seem to work much better than `` paint pens '' most of which do not give a steady supply of paint .
 Sharpie has a great product here . It stands out on dark color items and even works to mark clothes -LRB- kids stuff for camp -RRB- . Lasts a long time if you keep the cap on . Highly recommended .
 For the price you cant beat it . The badge fits securely and the button snap is GENIUS . basically the bottom of the shield pad snaps in place . So you do n't have to fight with it to get it through both sides of the holder .
 For such an inexpensive badge holder , I was not expecting much more than a basic leather patch . I was pleased and surprised to receive a very well made holder with a sturdy metal belt clasp , strong snaps in thick , durable leather . Fit my shield shaped badge perfectly . This is an excellent value - especially for the price ! And , FAST SHIPPING !
 Easy setup , works well , no problem . I have big hands so it could be a bit larger , I have developed a reasonable speed on it . Just one wish - wireless . Very good value for the money overall .
 I 'm not sure why I went so long without this handy little gadget . I can now build my spreadsheets at double-speed . I chose this particular model because you can unplug it and use it as a basic calculator , eliminating the need to carry another tool around . Compared to other calculator models , this one is small and lightweight . I can actually carry it in my shirt pocket with no discomfort -LRB- yes , I admit ... I 'm a geek -RRB- . Alas , the compact size means that the buttons are closer together than on a standard 10-key . But the difference is small , and after a few days my fingers adjusted.The detachable USB cable has a nifty mechanism so you can coil it up inside itself for easy packing . The plug-and-play installation was quick and seamless on Windows XP . The whole thing works like a charm .
 I have been looking for a number keypad to supplement my MacBook Pro for quite a while . Have been using another brand that lacked a delete -LRB- backspace -RRB- key , forcing me to go to the main key to clear a character entry mistake . This has it all , Delete , Tab , plus a Calculator mode which `` turns off '' the key pad and turns it into a calculator , allowing you to use as a full featured calculator , then SEND the result as keystrokes to the computer -LRB- say GOODBYE to Quickens sickeneningly simplistic built-in `` calculator ! '' -RRB- . Why not 5 stars ? Initial set-up is just a bit misleading , as the keyboard assistant automatically pops up , asking you to identify the new usb keyboard by entering keys that obviously do n't exist on the truncated keypad . The set-up indicates a failure to identify the keypad , which might lead you to believe that the keypad will not work , boxing the whole thing up , and returning it to sender . Do not be deceived ! Just ignore the message . It works flawlessly , and you never get the keyboard assistant again . One more nit-pick
 I almost did n't buy this because of the negative reviews , esp . concerning using this keypad on Macs.I got it anyway . It works fine!Yes , when you plug it in , you will get a message saying that the computer ca n't recognize the keypad . Just close that message box . THIS MESSAGE WILL ONLY APPEAR ONCE.The keypad works fine.I find this keypad indispensable for number-crunching on my iBook G4 . I 'm happy with it just for that . But it 's calculator function is icing on the cake ... especially when you can send the calculator 's results to the document you are working on with the touch of a button.Bottom line
 This keypad definitely gets the job done . I too , get the weird pop-up keyboard message in my OS X environment . It 's no bother , I just close the window and it works fine . The keys are a bit small and -LRB- this sounds wierd -RRB- slippery . I have fingernails , and they slip around on the keys in strange way . The zero is not where I expect it to be and that trips me up most often . All in all , I 'm happy with the fact that it can tab and send completed calculations to a field , but it 's not perfect so it gets 4 stars .
 Great time saver when preparing excel spreadsheets . I 'm rather slow using the number keys on a laptop and I do many spreadsheets requiring numerical entries .
 The application my college uses to enter grades for a student activity requires the use of a tab key to move from one student to the next -LRB- you ca n't use the enter key -RRB- . Without a tab key on the keypad this becomes a 3-handed operation -- the numbers on the keypad with my right hand , the tab key using my left hand , and a third hand -LRB- which , unfortunately I do not have -RRB- to move from one physical student paper to the next . With the tab key where it belongs -LRB- on the keypad -RRB- , I can use my right hand for both numeric entry and the tab-to-next-student function , and my left hand to shift from one student paper to the next . Thank-you Kensington!The keys have a solid feel , and the retracting usb cable is very convenient .
 This keypad is reasonably compact and coordinates well with silver laptops . The keys have good tactile feel and feedback . There is a raised dot on the 5 key to ensure the `` home '' position for data entry . The keypad works as a simple calculator when disconnected from a computer . This is a critical accessory for spreadsheet users , including teachers using a spreadsheet for gradebook entries.Contrary to the experience of another reviewer , I have found this model to work just fine with all my Macintosh computers and laptops running OSX 10.2 through 10.4 and Excel 98 and 2004 . -LRB- I will not use Excel 2008 until it is restored to more than 50 % of the function of 2004 -RRB- . It requires no driver installation on a Macintosh.I would have given this accessory a 5-star rating save for one annoying problem . When using this with a Mac laptop , if you leave the keypad attached to the computer and put the laptop to sleep by closing the cover , the keypad annoyingly fills the current Excel cell with a long string of a single digit repeating rapidly . The fix for this is to unplug the USB cable and plug it back in , then delete the many -LRB- hundreds sometimes -RRB- false digits . The keypad then works fine thereafter ... unless you put the computer to sleep again.So a good product in my opinion , just not perfect . ross
 I was very happy with this item and the price was very reasonable . I store all of my office knick knacks for quick access .
 My wife is a 1st grade teacher . I gave this pocket chart to her for Christmas . She is absolutely thrilled with it . Her comment is that is is durable , large enough for the students to see , and has ample size in the pockets for whatever stuff a 1st grade teacher puts in it .
 We were really getting frustrated with the staplers here in my office , so I went online searching for something more reliable and hand held . After a lot of research I decided on the X-ACTO . THEN I went on a hunt for the best price ! I found quite a few places to buy it for about $ 23 each . But Amazon was selling it for less than $ 10 !! I bought one for myself and one for my secretary . We LOVE them ! And I LOVED the price ! Thanks Amazon !
 This stapler works reliably , can handle pretty thick bunches of paper , stands up easily on my desk , and is unobtrusive . Nuff said .
 I have an older electric display typewriter and found that Amazon was one of few places that carries the ribbon . The ribbon is an exact replacement so it works very well . That item is being discontinued so I may have to dispose of the typewriter when I use up the 3 that I bought .
 When you have an office and you need to make sure things get attached to one another really quickly , do n't invest in a water cooler . Invest in a stapler . Aside from being a weapon of mass distraction , the Boston stapler is also a beast that that rise from the depths of a cluttered office like Cthulhu from the depths and make its way through almost anything.I managed , through boredom , to attach three strips of cardboard together . Yes I 'm an asset with essentials that people do n't recognize.Seriously , the thing is a beast when it comes to reports . It loads well - a toploading device is NOT good at this in most cases , and it can do multiples really quickly . you can actually get it to set at an exact setting , making it perfect for spacing when it comes to school work , work that involves a boss that has the picky ways and picky means , and it can help keep you employed -LRB- in this market , that can be a plus -RRB- . honestly , I love this stapler . Much like Office Space and the series or stapler jokes , I love this thing . If I were to leave , it would come with me . Come to think of it , it has . and considering the things that come with old jobs , memories mainly , that says a lot.Good loading , good stapling power , easy grip , and durability . What more can you ask for ?
 Ordered 3 boxes of labels . Items arrived quickly and was satisfied with quality of product . Much less expensive than buying at store and no running around . Would order again .
 I do n't staple much but when I do it 's nice to have . Form factor and feel is great . Staples through lots of pages .
 Great chair if you get the gel seating . Trust me , the extra hundred would be worth it when summer rolls around . The gel seating keeps your seat at body temperature when your environment is hot . The first thing I like to say is the great customer service a Humanscale . My cushion was a bit crushed when I purchased this chair ; however , upon contacting the manufacturer , they immediately sent a new seat for me to replace . My favorite part of this chair is how it moves with your body . No more lever , which is great because sitting feels very natural . For someone with a bad back , this is probably the best purchase I 've ever made . Considering how often and long we are sitting in the office chair in our lifetime , this is n't that expensive of a purchase .
 This chair is amazing it does n't matter what you use it for , it is extremely comfortable and you can adjust nearly everything , I use my computer a lot and I 've gone through quite a bit of chairs . This one is by far the best chair I 've had
 Wether you use your computer for work or gaming , this chair is amazing , super comfortable , everything can be moved to your liking . I suggest this chair for anyone who is looking for a chair
 Very comfortable chair , the assembly is a bitch but is well worth the effort . Even the armrests are comfortable . Since most of the padding is filled with gel its stress free everywhere you sit .
 We love this phone . I did n't really know much about it before I bought it , I just needed a new phone . When I unpacked it and starting reading about the features , I have been amazed ever since . My favorite feature of the phone is that you can use it as an intercom . I can talk to my sone when he is in the basement or he can call me . The kids like to use this as a walkie talkie.We like the different rings . They are fun and different than a regular ring . Also , There is a great feature where the ringer automatically will turn off after 9:00 at night and come back on in the morning . This has been great for telemarketers who like to disturb us late at night.We have never had a problem with the battery . It charges great for us , and we leave the phone off the charger all day long most of the time.I ca n't say enough great things about this phone . We are buying more handsets , mainly because of the intercom feature which is so convenient . I think that you will love this phone !
 ... BUT substandard battery life and range-to-volume performance . Yep , my 900Hz Uniden had far better range , reception and battery life at a fraction of the cost . This was still a little better than the 2.4 Ghz phones I 've had in the past though . Ergonomics of the handset was lousy , and the user interface only made sense to me because I already have a Motorola V300 cellphone , otherwise it would require a definite learning curve.The best thing about this phone is that if you have caller ID , you can assign 2-3 dozen different ringtones to different phone numbers that you have stored in the phone 's memory like you would on a cellphone . That way without even having to look at the caller ID readout , you can immediately know whether the call is from a family member , friend , family friend , boss/co-worker , etc. . Very very helpful if you want to screen out those annoying telemarketing calls -LRB- the `` do not call '' registry does not always work -RRB- or happen to not want to speak to someone sometimes.However the phone still does not have all the basic features of a cellphone , for instance when entering names into the phone 's memory you have much fewer formatting options , it 's like a crude stripped down version . Maybe that just goes to show how much cell phone companies make in profit from their montly fees so that they can afford to give away those cellphones so cheap!Anyways , if it were not for the caller ID ringtones , I would have given this product 3 rather than 4 stars .
 THE MOTOROLA MD761 ANSWERING MACHINE IS A QIUCK AN EASY initial setup with custom settings such as ringertype and caller id . I was told that the system eats through batteries on the handset but i have n't owned it long enough to review this critique for my own . i like the system so far and reccomend both by seller and her product that she sold !
 Despite most of the reviews here , I find this phone to be a great performer . I have had no issues with the quality of reception or battery -LRB- we are prone to talk for over an hour at our home -RRB- . The best feature and why I bought it is the display including the lighted dial making it easy to read and dial in the dark . I do not have the answering machine unit as I have a two line AT&T 2.4 gHz -LRB- Panasonic -RRB- in my home for this , so I can not speak to its function . I did however change out my bedroom unit from the two line to the Motorola because of the Motorola 's superior function .
 It 's okay . The phone works well and is rugged . I think it 's a good purchase . I highly recommend this phone .
 EASY TO USE , RELIABLE , CLEAR , NICE FEATURES.I LOVE IT !
 Approximately foure months ago I purchased my first MD761 Cell.We were so impressed with it we purchased a second one .
 Finally , a cordless phone that sounds like a `` good old '' phone . ... meaning the calls sound better than any I 've heard from a cordless . We like the handset grip and find it appealing .
 I 've looked at a lot of phones and selected the `` Uniden TRU8860-2 5.8 GHz Digital Cordless Phone with Dual Handsets '' . I was looking for and found in the TRU8860 : - Well built phone , not cheap or flimsy - Smaller size phone fits well in my hand and comfortable when talking . Other phones were just too big or too small - Very good sound quality - Excellent handset speaker phone . So good , I decided not to get the base -LRB- which was only $ 5 more -RRB- since it took up more room on my desk and provided no real value . - Large easy to read screen with name , phone , time - Well laid out and organized features . - Dual 5.8 ghz transmission . May transmit on 2.4 ghz and sent on 5.8 ghz causing interference with my wireless networkI purchased -LRB- and returned the VTech i5853 5.8 GHz -RRB- since the phone was large and clumsy for me.The only negative I have for this phone is that the range is n't quite as good as the Vtech and another 900mhz phone I have . Those seem to extend about 10-15ft more in my house , which has lots of walls.Overall , I highly recommend this phone .
 Like most people , I have purchased an unreasonable number of sub - $ 50 phones over the last few years , and universally , they have turned out to be crap . I finally took the financial plunge and purchased the Uniden TRU8860-2 -LRB- which is actually two handsets -RRB- and have been very , very pleased . It is extremely easy to use , is a real digital phone -LRB- DSS -RRB- , has a great range , is loaded with features -LRB- that are easy to access -RRB- , does not conflict with my wireless network , has a good battery life and acceptable sound . I have some slight criticisms that should not discourage you from your purchase
 I learned my lesson -- do n't buy a cheap telephone . This one , at just over $ 100 for 2 handsets , is a true winner . Voice quality is clear , even when using the speaker phone feature . The display is light and readable . The 5.8 Ghz frequency ensures no interference with wireless computer networks -LRB- using 802.11 b , g -RRB- . The only drawbacks , and they are very minor , include : - Only 3 `` dialed '' numbers get stored , as opposed to almost 100 incoming numbers -LRB- via Caller ID -RRB- . - A more efficient arrangement of some of the buttons would make it easier to activate the speaker phone and the phonebook of stored numbers.This sturdy phone is worth buying .
 I was looking for a handset that would not interfere with 2.4 Ghz wireless that has taken over my neighborhood and caused many reception problems . Saw the Motorola 5.8 Ghz and thought I 'd give it a try after trying out a Panasonic 5.8 Ghz which sounded like I was talking through a tin can . Unfortunately Motorola was just a bit better on sound quality , but not much . The last part of every word gets cut off . I could n't go far from the base without loosing signal and the volume was low to medium . Battery life was marginal at best . I am slightly hard of hearing , -LRB- but have perfect pitch -RRB- so having a little more juice in this department would be good . The features are okay but , layout and interface are primitive compared to other phones in this price range . I guess the 3rd time is the charm because I ended up finding the 5.8 GHz Uniden Tru 8860-2 finally with normal human voice quality and volume when needed . The layout and functionality for the features are intuitive and easy where the phone is not drawing attention to itself because of it 's quirkieness and low quality -LRB- Motorola and Panasonic . -RRB- Take it from me , if you are looking for a 5.8 Ghz phone , get the Uniden
 I have been trying out a number of phones lately , and thisUniden phone has by far the best reception of the bunch . The connection is very clear and callers sound like they are in the next room . In fact this is the clearest cordless phone I have ever had , and I have had many office and home phones for my home office . The features are pretty nice , and fairly comprehensive . The speakerphone in handset is a really nice and addicting feature . The battery life is not quite as good as my previous Panasonic phone.I use this phone with the Vonage VOIP phone service and it is plugged into the wireless router and sits about three feet from the wireless antennae . I have had no problems with interference . I did have interference problems on other 5.8 GHz phones I tried . Many 5.8 Ghz phones do use the 2.4 Ghz spectrum for part of the signal , so still may interfere with 802.11 B & G wireless .
 I recently replaced my old cordless phone with the Uniden TRU8860 5.8 Ghz cordless phones . I 'm very pleased with the quality of the sound , the ease of setup , the choice of features/menu/ringtones , etc. . I have a wireless network at home and the phone has caused no interference at all.The phones appear to be solid and well made and I would recommend them to anyone looking for a cordless phone . I think it 's worth it to spend a little extra and buy a good quality 5.8 GHz phone ... even if you do n't have a wireless network now , you may at some point buy a new computer , keep your old computer and network them -LRB- that 's what we did -RRB- . Just be sure to keep one corded phone at home , in case of power outages - the cordless phones do n't work in those situations and sometimes the cell phone towers are not working and you wo n't be able to call the power company .
 I have owned some decent but expensive Panasonic phones and a V-tech system that I was n't crazy about in the past . This system is my favorite by far because of its great sound clarity and features , easy programming and reasonable price . I did spend some time inputting nearly 50 numbers into the phonebook including distinctive rings for frequent callers but copied it to the second handset in about 30 seconds ! The phonebook shares memory space with the caller id log but you can store up to 100 numbers either way . You can also program 10 numbers on speed dial and a separate voicemail access number . I am also very excited about the message waiting indicator because I have an answering machine on my fax and rarely remember to check my voicemail ! Now when someone leaves me a message I 'll be sure to get it ! You can use a handsfree accessory purchased separately or speakerphone on the handset AND you can even use the phones as walkie talkies in or outside of your home ! This phone system has everything and I will be purchasing additional handsets to replace all of my other phones .
 We 've had these phones for a few weeks , and so far really like them.The sound quality is very good.There are no problems with 2 people interfering with each others ' reception using both extentions at once.The speakerphone and works well.Phone locator makes both handsets ring.Price for extra handsets is reasonable.Redial function is available on the illuminated menu screen.Would recommend these phones .
 Finally ... a phone I really LOVE!This phone is small , base is small and handset also - very portable and user friendly ! Also - even though small , it 's tough and well made . Perfect size , nice color , easy to use features and many options most phones do n't give you . Hands down ; this phone beats the VTECH , MOTOROLA OR PANASONIC ! THIS IS THE BEST BY FAR !!!!!!!!!!!!!! I ca n't say enough about it . We Love it . I have professed my love for a phone ... need I say more !? Get this set - you will NOT be disappointed ! ENJOY !
 I like the phone , clear and loud , nice tones for rings , easy to read handset , easy set up , no static . All around great phone !
 These phones work great , before we bought them we had bought another udiden phone and it worked like crap we got no reception anywhere in the house but , these undidens are great we get reception everywhere and you have 100 phonebook option . I would recomend them to anyone .
 Previously we had a couple of 900MHz phones that I mostly liked but we very basic . And I did n't like that they could be clearly heard on our baby monitor , which was also picking up other baby monitors and other phones ... On the other hand , these Uniden phones address my privacy concerns , have excellent sound quality , and nice features like distinctive ring , named speed dial entries , and more . I give them the thumbs up .
 This is the only phone you 'll ever need !!! It 's easy to use , takes up little space , good looking , expandable , clear voice ... and the list goes on and on .
 I 'm still not certain which phone to purchase , but I 'm now down to two choices . The Motorola MD671 and extra handset MD61 look good except the MD671 takes a NiMH battery -LRB- great ! -RRB- , but the MD61 takes the NiCAD battery -LRB- not so great -RRB- . The Motorola MD751 and MD71 also look very nice except both take NiCAD batteries ! Why ? However , Motorola does have a battery back-up for power outages -LRB- very nice during storm season ! -RRB- . Unfortunately , the Uniden TRU8860-2 or TCX800 -LRB- extra handset -RRB- do not have battery back-ups . However , both Uniden models have the longer talk time NiMH batteries ! I wonder , though , if the Uniden phone 's signal range is as good as the Motorola since the Uniden does not have an external antenna . I believe that an external antenna on the handset does make a difference!I was at Radio Shack and saw the same Uniden phone with the RS name on it and it was a nice looking phone , with a large readout , and the phone felt good to hold -LRB- unlike the new VTech -RRB- . I think Radio Shack was selling the TRU8860 with one phone for about $ 67 and the extra handset for $ 39 with is more than the TRU8860-2 -LRB- two handsets -RRB- that Amazon sells for $ 92.99 . Oh , by the way ... I do n't think any of these phones are true 5.8 GHz . Most are FH -LRB- D -RRB- SS which allows them to use multiple Frequency Hopping Digital Spread Spectrum channels . However , this still allows for non interference with all wireless equipment and provides great security . But remember , corded Analog is best for voice , cordless Analog -LRB- 900 -RRB- is next -LRB- but not secure -RRB- , and 2.4 GHz is worse for interference and the 5.8 seems best at this time . Digital at this time is just not as good for clarity . Too bad these companies just ca n't seem to design the perfect phone by listening to consumer complaints ... are they too arrogant to listen ... probably !
 I am very pleased with this telephone set . I works great ! My husband , who is hearing impaired , loves the super efficient volume control . I enjoy the intercom feature as well as the room monitor feature . The light up screen is a big help in a poorly lit room . I know that I have only scratched the surface of its capabilities . I have gone through many telephones over the past 12 years and I must say that this one is the best I have found yet . I hope it will be a very long time before this one needs replacing .
 Buying a phone these days is complicated . Not only are there lots of choices , but each phone gets both positive and negative reviews . My daughter bought a Uniden phone system similar to the 8860 and kept encouraging us to get it . I spent weeks reading reviews of everything . I finally chose the brand that she had chosen , although her model # is no longer available . This is a great system . Truly `` plug and play '' . The menus are simple . It has incredible capabilities . The sound is excellent , including the speakers . These are the best telephones we have ever had in our house . And I was able to go to the office supply store and purchase additional phones for the system at a reasonable price .
 We have had a 900 mhz Sony Cordless with Speakerphone in a keyboard base for several years ; increasingly both my wife and I have had difficulty in hearing most persons speak - even with the volume up all the way and after having changed the battery.We read all of the reviews on amazon.com several times over and decided to give this Uniden one a try . We could not be more pleased . My wife and I -LRB- both in our 70 's -RRB- have absolutely no difficulty hearing using the earpiece in the headset - and certainly not using the built-in speaker in each headset!They are extremely light-weight , very easy to hold and use . It is very easy to enter names , telephone numbers , distinctive rings and speed-dial designations in the phonebook , access them and then have them dialed automatically just by pressing the talk button!When a call comes in , the whole phone lights up -LRB- buttons and screen and a small light on top ! -RRB- The quality is top-notch in every way!It 's truly an amazing piece of technology ! We are looking forward to using it as a walkie-talkie - completely away from home -LRB- no telephone line , no base unit needed ! -RRB- - another unbelievable ability found in them!Both of us could not be more pleased ! We frequently check out customer reviews on amazon.com - and this time it was definitely well worth the effort ! Thanks !
 I have been working at home for a few years now and although I do n't have serious business phone requirements -LRB- multiple mailboxes for example , conferencing with handsets , etc -RRB- I 've usually ponied up the extra money for more feature rich phones mistakenly assuming that they 'd deliver on sound quality , ease of use and so on . Almost every phone I 've purchased has been a joke - difficult to use , popping with the microwave , mediocre range - you name it.After only a week with this phone , I love it . For starters , the screen is huge . Compared to my expensive but crap Siemens , this is a joy to use . There is no delay when you push the keys . Its smart with redails , so I can actually use numbers through the caller ID feature to return calls outside my area code . Adjusting volume of ring or headset volume is right there with buttons , no stupid menu scrolling . So is the mute button . I realize that for some , this is a little light on features -LRB- no speaker phone in the base , no caller ID in the base , no voicemail -RRB- but if you have vmail through your phone carrier -LRB- like I do -RRB- and you want a reliable , expandable , easy to use -LRB- read
 We have been using the TRU8860 for about a year . We had two to start with and added two more this summer . We have a large two story home with phones on both levels . It is great to have the same phone book in all 4 phones . We can use them all over our neighborhood . Just great phones
 i bought this phone 's cousin -LRB- with the keypad , answering machine base -RRB- for myself six months ago , and like it a lot . i 've since referred it to two other people who both had histories of crappy cordless home phones . they both bought this phone and both love it.only identified probems
 My wife and I bought this phone to replace a 2.4 GHz phone . It is exceptionally clear , -LRB- I can go outside to my mailbox without a hint of static -RRB- . We love the features like message waiting light , and the baby monitor feature since we have a newborn in the house . And since it is 5.8 GHz , there wo n't be any dead spots for our wireless computer network.I do n't understand other 's saying they do n't like how you have to delete the Caller ID on each handset . That is how my old expandable system was . I think it is a good option , since you might delete a number by accident.My only reason for not giving the phone five stars is that we do n't know the expected talk and stand-by time . Uniden encourages you to keep the phone on the base between calls , but does n't tell you how long you can expect the unit to last off the cradle .
 I looked at reviews of many different cordless phones and this was the first one that did n't have at least one quite negative response.The Uniden TRU8860-2 was very easy to set up , the menu functions are logical and owners manual was well organized . My children like the idea of being able to set up special ring tones for their friends.I have n't found anything with the phone that I really do n't like . It is much more comfortable than our old , bulky 900 mHz phone , and the voice quality is much better . Time will tell about the battery durability as our old phone only had 2 batteries in about 6 years and the owners manual states that the average battery life is one year with the TRU8860 . My son said that there was some interference with our wireless internet connection , so I changed the channel on the network . Since then , I have n't noticed any problems myself.I had originally wanted just one handset since we had gotten along well with our old phone plus a corded model . But for about $ 95 , the Uniden TRU8860-2 was only a little more expensive than single handset models . It 's nice to have the extra flexibility the second handset provides . Improved communication is also a benefit as my wife can page me when I am out in the yard working and we have walkie talkie capability with the kids when we go places .
 Check Your Review ofUniden TRU8860-2 5.8 GHz Digital Cordless Phone with Dual Handsets and Caller ID -LRB- Black/Silver -RRB- Here is your review the way it will appear : -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Francisco cityboy , August 20 , 2005See all my reviewsSo far it seems to meet fit my requirements . I was looking for an upgrade , that was lightweight and could be used at greater range without noise and distortions . My last phone which was 10years old I could bearly go 15 feet without distortions . This phone I can us at 90 to 100 feet and still get clear , undistorted sound . It is also very smart looking and has a good speaker phone and caller id . Its functions are easy to use i.e. phone book , ect . For the money , I am very pleased so far.What could have been better ? Maybe it could have been a little smaller for the hands , although I think it is probably normal size for this generation of phones . And I had a little trouble with noise , until I had my land phone folks come and put a filter in between my DSL computer line and my phone . So make sure you have a filter if you have a DSL computer .
 After reading all the reviews on this phone and all others I could find , I bought this set and have been extremely satisfied with the sound quality and features . No intereference or static and range outside my home is great , I have n't jumped in the car and seen how far it goes , but why do that?Seems to be very high quality and I would recommend the phone to anyone needing a new cordless .
 First cordless phone I ever owned . I was not disappointed . Clear connections , no static ever , easy to set-up and lots of features . I especially like the speakerphone and the All-Digital Answering System feature . Great durability ... I dropped it several times and still looked like new . Great phone !
 First set was defective , actually just the one handset . Was quickly replaced and the new one works fine . The great thing about this phone is the capability of transferring the phone book -LRB- which can easily be added to by the caller id list -RRB- to each handset with just a few buttons . Sound quality is ok , not fantastic but good . The other cool feature is that you can assign ring tones to individual numbers . Otherwise , the phone is pretty simplistic and works as expected .
 We have been happy with our Uniden phones . The service with Amazon was 5 star .
 I own two separate sets of the 8860 phone -LRB- 5 phones total -RRB- . We have owned our first set for a year and all phones work very well with minimal interference and good range .
 This phone has EVERYTHING including the crucial remote call screen monitoring which many other phone makers have done away with ! I ca n't believe manufacturers do n't include this on phones anymore . Well UNIDEN has!Also amazingly included is
 While some gripes about this phone are warrented -LRB- silent mode , etc -RRB- , some gripes I 've read here are not . One user said you could n't dial long-distance - but if you press # or * while viewing a number , it will add a 1 , or remove an area code - swapping the visible number with alternate modes of dialing - very useful ! Also love the fact that I can have one base and one phone line , and have 10 handsets located throughout the house . I can page any room . Now if my wife would put the handset back on the base when done using it , I could page that room without it ringing halfway across the house : -RRB- I do wish the handset you were paging * from * would not ring also . It does make locating phones a problem .
 I am very picky about my phone and tried out many before settling on this Uniden . I have had this phone for a few years and have been very happy with it and its convenience . I have the 2 handsets and am in the process of replacing some of the older models in my homes with additional handsets of this model . I love that I can listen to messages from any handset , not just the base . It stores and dials numbers very affectively . You can easily turn off the beep which was a complaint below . Definately would recommend this phone .
 After conducting extensive research for finding the ideal stapler that will do about 3/4 '' stack of paper w/o changing staples , I have puchased the Duax . It is indeed heavy duty and will staple 2-170 pages with single staple size , though I have stapled up to 180 pages w/o any difficulty . Flat stapled edges are great , though it may be a bit sharp from trimming -LRB- other imbed the back portion into the page , making it difficult to remove later -RRB- . Have n't experience staple jam in over three months of frequent use . Staples are not cheap but affordable . Stapler is very well designed , manufactured and should last a lifetime . I 'm an engineer and I try to pick out faults , but could n't come up with any , except for the sharp tails -LRB- which I usually tape over -RRB- . I would rather have flat tails resulting in neater stack then having staples that dig into pages -LRB- difficult to remove later -RRB- and take up space . Would highly recommend .
 This is the very best heavy-duty stapler I have ever found . The best part is you do not need to change the staple stock based on number of pages to staple .
 I purchased a nice cross pen through amazon from the cross pen mall because cross pens write so smooth . The cross pen mall had better prices and the refills had better prices also . Arthritus is a drag but cross smooths out the lines !
 Refill works the same as all cross pens . Thought perhaps going to the broad tip might be better . Pen works flawless with continuous usage . Leave pen for a couple of days and have to scrible to get it started .
 Very nice replacements for the originals . These have a large capacity , have metal sleeves and have Cross imprinted . Works great , good price and I expect many hours of use by looking at the ink reservoir .
 This refill is the correct one for my Cross pen which I have had for many years . Works great !
 Ink runs out relatively quickly , but I suppose that 's what I should expect for such a small pen . It can get expensive to constantly refill .
 the product came to me quickly and efficiently , the only problem i had was i had no idea when the item was shipped , otherwise , it 's perfect
 Another AT Cross Quality Product of the NEW Generation.Purchased as supplies/additions to Christmas gifts.I use it ; too ; & recommend it.Dealer shipped speedily .
 The Cross Ion ballpoint pen is a clever sexy pen that is normally a joy to write with - the ink is deep black , the line strong and oddly malleable , with a smooth flow over paper in any direction . Unfortunately , the ink cartridges suffer from a major flaw - they occasionally stop writing , with lots of ink still in them . So , within one pack of five , one cartidge might write until it is empty and another dry up after two days with no difference in use . That is why one should always buy a five cartridge pack .
 I 've run into the same problem with refills , but I found this solution works reasonably well . The problem seems to occur when you have n't used the pen for a while -- like a week . The ink stops flowing . I use a small spring clamp -LRB- the ones we all use for clipping paper together in the office -RRB- , and clamp the cartridge at the middle . Then squeeze it with your fingers , to exert even more pressure , while scribbling on paper . Eventually , the ink will start flowing , and then you 're good to go . Remember to use the pen on daily a basis , even if just to scribble , to keep the ink flowing , and it will work fine . I 've been on the same cartridge for months now , using these tips .
 My wife & I have experienced the same problem with numerous cartridges failing long before the ink is used up . Cross has been good about sending free replacements but it 's a bit of a hassle to be contacting them all the time . I tried the workaround that T. Barker suggested back in Feb of 2009 -- squeeze the cartridge while scribbling . Instead of the ink flowing out the tip , the cap popped off & it made a mess of my fingers & the counter top I was working on . I 've found a better solution . Heat up a little bit of water in the microwave or a tea kettle until it 's close to boiling . Dip about an inch and a half of the tip of the cartridge into the water for a minute or two . Then scribble on a piece of paper . It might take a couple of tries , but it worked for me & there 's no risk of ink squirting out of the wrong end .
 I shopped for paper cutters , believe it or not , for a birthday present for my 12 year old son . He 's doing fantastic origami and was asking me to do precision cuts on paper for his projects . I looked at the guillotine cutters , and could see the potential for tragedy . Other cutters with wheels , obviously safer , were really nice but had hefty price tags . So I found this here , on amazon and it looked about right , the size , the nice scales built in all over the surface and the good safe wheel . It is perfect for his purposes , of course . It 's sturdy , has rubber feet , clear markings , a good straight edge top and bottom and of course a razor sharp pizza wheel under a protective handle . I have been using it for clipping magazine copy and pictures for collages . It 's really slick . I do n't even remember what I paid for it , but I am very pleased with this product . Oh , it has optional wheels that cut wavy and pinked lines . I 've no use for that , but the scrap book people will love this .
 Used this to cut backers for wedding invites ... and now I use it for everything !!! Totally efficient and user friendly . Also , my local staples carries different and replacement blades for it , which is a total score !
 I bought this to cut gift tags and invitation cards . It is so much better then cutters in the price range . I have had 2 in the past and could never get a straight cut . This also does half cuts so you can create folded cards but it takes some skill to get the size right .
 This cutter cutes straight and precise . It is irreplaceble for card making and scrapbookers !
 I purchased this product to primarily cut cardstock and photos . I had shopped in Office Max , Staples and Michael 's for paper cutters and did not like the brands or styles available or the prices . This product is precise -LRB- as long as I put the paper in straight ! -RRB- , and stays precise when cutting , which was why I chose a rotary cutter over a lever . Price is excellent for the quality and the size is perfect for storage .
 For the money I paid , it seems to be pretty good . I 've only used it a couple of times for art projects , mostly cutting heavy water color paper , and it 's quite solid feeling . I even cut some corrugated material , so I 'm quite happy with it . I had been using one of those cheap , flimsy Fiskar cutters and the difference is like night and day , the Fiskar being a piece of ap-cray . I do n't know how long the blade will last , but presumably replacements are availableI would recommend it .
 Absolutely love it . Works sooooooo much better than a razor knife and a straight edge .
 Its very rare to get an item that is better than expected ! Do n't be fooled by the cheap looking image of the product , it just does n't do it justice . When I ordered it , I had expected to use it once and probably throw it away . I only needed it to fix some charred photos after a house fire.This cutter is very durable , and heavy weight , it has great sizing lay outs on the table . If you are a photo taker , crafter , or especially a scrap booker , you will love this .
 I bought it for a home needs . It makes cutting photos and trimmig edges of the paper sheets very easy . Great buy . I like Amazon for reasonable prices . The same cutter was 30 % more in Office Depot .
 I am very happy with my new rotary trimmer . It does everything I need it to do with a clean crisp cut and no danger of getting cut .
 A basic paper cutter , I have found so many uses for this ! It cuts through several pieces of paper at once - maybe 10 sheets , and the rotary blade is precise and much safer than the guillotine style . I use it to cut photos I 've printed from the computer , school projects , cutting strips for paper chains , cutting paper for crafts , cutting recipes to fit into my recipe box , etc. . It 's small enough to store easily too - and even to bring it with me if I 'm crafting away from home .
 This trimmer is very definitely worth the price . It cuts smoothly every time . Because of the clear plastic edges , there 's no guesswork involved in setting up the cutting line for small pieces . There is a grid on the bed of the trimmer , marked for setting up bigger pieces without having to examine the path of the cutting blade . Amazing amongst trimmers , this one is actually true to the right angle between horizontal and vertical . The trimmer weighs more than plastic ones , but I still use it on my lap for last minute adjustments in card-making . This trimmer is by Carl , whose website gives the impression that Carl is a serious company , producing quality products . I use the trimmer daily , and am very happy with it .
 I had this on my wish list for Christmas this year & my mom bought it for me . I had not actually ever seen this product except for online . Just before Thanksgiving I borrowed a friends Fiskars brand rotary trimmer & decided I 'd like one of my own . I chose this particular one because of size & pricing . I am very , very pleased - it is a much better quality than the Fiskars . Very solid metal & hard plastic construction . Easy removal of small interchangeable blades with handy blade storage on underside of trimmer -LRB- have to love anything that 's self containing :-RRB- . Highly recommended !!!
 Clearly `` rkm001 '' has had some difficulty in using this equipment . I have one that I used as part of my job . I have probably cut over 1000 photos/labels/etc . Other people in the office have cut more than 2000 photos . It does exactly what it is supposed to do - it cuts a straight line along the edge of the guide.Where this problem arises is when the cutting surface , underneath the cutting wheel , becomes worn from use . I grove will slowly develop and since the cutting surface is not fixed in position and can slide from side to side , the grove will not be straight nor will it be parallel to the cutting guide.To solve this problem , you should not use extreme force when cutting . Gentle pressure is adequate for cutting a photo . You can also remove the cutting surface and rotate it 90 or even flip it over . This gives you four cutting surfaces to work with . Ultimately you will need to replace it . Carl makes those too.For $ 20 , it works well and unless you plan to cut thousands of times a month , it is fine for home or light office use .
 I do a * ton * of crafts - I sell origami on the web and create paper presents for family and friends . The cutter I use is this Bidex cutter . I have been doing crafts with paper for many , many years - since I was very young . I 've gone through a number of cutters in that time . I am really VERY happy with the Bidex cutter . The blade is tucked in behind a plastic shield and despite years of use I 've never been cut once . I 've used this thing on a ton of paper types - origami , thick weave , flower-embedded , card stock . It 's never had a problem . I even use it on laminated items and it slices right through it . The lines and guides on it make selecting the exact length you want to be quite easy . Highly recommended .
 The cutter is practical and precise , but the blade is not that sharp and sometimes I need to double cut the same art ... I am cutting presentation cards ...
 I love this cutter ! I like how the blade is hidden to prevent anyone from cutting themselves . Easy to carry , great product !
 It performs as you 'd expect . The bar holds the paper in place , and the cutter cuts the paper . I also got the perforating and scoring blades , and those also work very well . Using the cutter and perforator , I 've made several custom-size notebooks with tear-out pages .
 I 'm not sure why `` rkm001 '' had so many issues with this product . I have owned one for about two months now and use it very heavily . It cuts a straight line for me everytime and I have never had something `` stick '' to the cutting strip . I actually bought this one to replace a very worn -LRB- and more expensive trimmer/cutter -RRB- I had for years , and wish I had done it sooner !
 It is great to have for cutting heavier paper . It does cut straight , BUT I am having to figure out how to cut all the way through . Sometimes it does & others it does down to the end . I am sure pressure has to do with it . I read others reviews in determining buying it and still feel I made a good purchase . I see there are decorative blades for it & if I get into scrapbooking they would be great .
 For the money , this is a great home trimmer . It is light weight and easy to store . I am very pleased with my purchase .
 The precision cut and low price are the main selling points for me , though some may me put off by the low-budget plastic feel .
 Rotary blade has better cutting accuracy than the flat blade type . I am please with it .
 My father used this to trim photos so that they were nice and even for framing . He was disabled and this product was very easy for him to use , I would highly recommend it
 I needed a good paper cutter for my quilling projects.The quality of this cutter is great.The fact that you can replace the blades is a real plus.The measurments are clear , As you can see I am very happy with it .
 I use this in the production of my personalized kids books binding process and I love it ... Clean cuts , easy to use and measurement are easy to read .
 I had one of these units for years until my kid lost it at a university work weekend . I needed to replace it right away . It cuts many sheets and nice and straight so I got another exactly the same .
 Purchased this unit last year . It 's a solid unit . I use it primarily to cut labels for CD jewel cases . The cutting mat did n't seem to last very long and needs replaced already . Wish I could find blades and cutting mats locally to avoid shipping charges .
 This cutter is great - much better than I expected for the money . Smooth and accurate , with a solid feel . I got an extra blade , but it is holding its edge well so far . -- NB , Mt. Desert , ME
 Between my teaching career and my home businesses , this cutter has been the consistant best !!!
 I 've had this paper cutter for a few years and use it a few times a month on average . It 's not heavy duty for say commercial use but it 's a good value for home use .
 I have not used the trimmer much yet , but when I did it worked great ! I am very happy with it .
 This is a good paper cutter for home use , but probably would n't work well in a high volume setting . I primarily use it for cutting out mailing labels , coupons , airline boarding passes -LRB- instead of folding them -RRB- , and an assortment of other low volume tasks . For these tasks , it works pretty well.The blade and cutting mat are easily replaceable , which is good because you will need to replace them periodically . The cutting mechanism takes a little getting use to , but it works fine . You have to press down on the blade `` carrier '' while moving it up and down to cut . If you do not use enough pressure , you 'll need to go back over the paper . In this way , it differs from the paper cutters you might find in a professional setting where the blade mates directly to the side of a metal guide and no pressing down is necessary.For home use , I think you ca n't go too far wrong . Consider ordering an extra blade and cutting mat at the time of purchase .
 I have this rotary trimmer . I like it a lot . There are a few minor problems . First it is a bit hard to see exactly where the cut will be , especially in less than good light . Second you have to push down fairly hard , and sometimes I do n't push hard enough , then the piece that should be trimmed does n't fall off , and you have to be careful to get the second try to line up exactly with the first try . All this sounds more negative than I really feel . It is an excellent product for what you pay . The really professional Rotatrim will cost almost 10 times as much .
 I also purchased all the `` fancy '' blades . As a crazy scrapebooker and card maker I 've tried the cheap as seen on tv , the hand held rollers and the fancy scissors . They either fall apart or you are unable to get a really straight cut . The scissors do have a place on curves . This is a quality item . Just pay the extra and get the good results .
 This is exactly the kind of paper cutter I was looking for . It is easy to see where your cut will be and it cuts precisly and clean and neat . You do have to press down hard on the cutting gadget that you move along to make your cut , but once you get the hang of that , no problem . I love it for cutting my photos and for other craft paper projects .
 I just love this thing ! I call it my `` slicer and dicer '' !!! You get the exact and straight cut EVERY time !! Every house should own at least one . Cutting pictures to fit in frames is so simple .
 Excellent product , easy to use , great for edging cards and making trims for cards and craftwork . I ca n't wait to experiment with it .
 For about 7 years , I 've used this for precision single-piece trimming , and for slicing quantities of scrap paper into halves or quarters.It 's best at precise single-sheet trimming , but I 've done lots of bulk-cutting too.It 's nicely designed.Carl makes ahigher end modelthat is more suited to bulk cutting.Pro 's : - Precise single-sheet trimming -LRB- the clear hold-down bar makes this possible -RRB- - Replacement cutting wheels and mat are widely available , including at Staples - Quality materials . Has held up well over the years.CONs : - Cutting bulk quantities 10 at a time is a little tedious . - After lots of bulk cutting , the cutting mat gets deeply etched , causing cuts to be ragged.Tip
 I 'm a DIY bride , and I 'm creating my own stationary for the wedding . I looked everywhere for a quality rotary trimmer that was affordable . I checked out the local brick and mortar craft stores , but even with their in-store coupons , prices were still high for nothing special . Trusting the reviews on this trimmer , I purchased it and all I can say is WOW . I 've never used a rotary trimmer before , but this one is wonderful . It cuts through four pieces of dense card stock like butter . The lines are clean and professional . Even for a novice like me , this thing is exceptional . I 'm so glad I bought this !
 I have had this product for over 5 years and it still works wonderfully . I ended up missing a part -LRB- due to my curious toddler -RRB- and the customer service was amazing . They responded quickly and promptly . I am very satisfied and highly recommend any CARL product !
 The Carl Rotary Trimmer is a superb product , but it should be accompanied by more than one blade .
 The product seems to be just what I want to trim the things I need for scrapbooking . Thank you.lida
 The rotary blade worked well with a different type of papers . It cut smoothly and was very easy to use . The blade can also changeable too . This is my first paper trimmer product . I love it !
 thanks you very much , it works perfectly and it looks just like in the pic . thanks you very much , it works perfectly and it looks just like in the pic .
 It came on time nad did not cost much . It is not heavy duty but for a home office it is fine .
 I have purchased Carl brand trimmers for years . I do a lot of scrapbooking and this is the only trimmer that has stood the test of time . I had to get a new one only because I carelessly left it on the floor when it fell and it ended up under the chair leg when I sat down . Bummer!So , when I was searching for another one , I came across this listing that stated that this one had a `` swing out ruler arm . '' My only complaint with my last one is that it did n't have one of these . Well , much to my dismay , the write-up given on this listing is for a different model of Carl trimmer . THE DC-100 DOES NOT HAVE A SWING-OUT RULER ARM . I still gave the item 4 stars because I do love this trimmer , and I did keep it . I 'm just bummed that Carl has n't made this trimmer with a swing-out ruler.I hope others read this before buying , since you will not get what the item title and description states . -LRB- BTW ... this company has the same write-up on their website for this trimmer . -RRB-
 I just ordered a new cutter to replace one that broke -LRB- it was dropped onto a hard floor -RRB- . I 've had it for a few years and it has worked very well for school projects and trimming photos . I think the confusion over the `` swing arm '' title stems from the design of other cutters where the arm is only hinged on one end and is able to swing up and out of the way completely . I have an older cutter -LRB- different brand -RRB- that does this . It allows a larger piece of paper to be placed on the base and partially cut . I have been satisfied with the Carl DC 100 for almost all my projects .
 I 'm confused about another reviewer 's comment about no `` swing out arm . '' I still use the DC-100 model that I received in 2004 , and ordered another for a co-worker in 2008 . The length of my ruler does lift up for me to place my paper , then sets back down . A different co-worker just used mine and has asked me to order one for him becuase he liked it so much . If this listing is in fact for the DC-100 , I would expect to receive the very same cutter .
 The quality and cut of the blades is excellent . The convenience of this trimmer 's small size is greatly appreciated . The only thing I would recommend is a little sturdier design . I cracked mine when it fell off my desk ; however , a little packaging tape fixed the issue and I was back in business . Overall great trimmer !
 Ink runs out relatively quickly , but I suppose that 's what I should expect for such a small pen . It can get expensive to constantly refill .
 The refill was perfect . It was delivered promptly and was easy to install . I 'm glad you provided the option of purchasing one refill at a time .
 This refill was what I expected and I am enjoying using my Cross pen again .
 the product came to me quickly and efficiently , the only problem i had was i had no idea when the item was shipped , otherwise , it 's perfect
 It 's A Quality AT Cross Product ; AS USUAL ; Good Sale Price ; I would use this vendor again as a supplier for my small home office operation .01 / 01/2008
 This laser pointer is a very good deal . As you should know , it has a laser pointer , light , pen , and stylus . It has satisfying work , compared to the over-priced big-brand name laser pointers . In my package , which I ordered from Instapark , It has batteries already in it and a fresh and free 3 batteries to come with it . The pen and stylus work fine . The laser pointer is good , but sometimes you must shake the pen to make it work . Same with the light , but more often . I took apart the pen , and in the battery section , at the top , I took them out . The spring holding the batteries and circuiting the power to the laser pointer and light was sort of out of place , explaining why you have to shake it every now and then . I have only had this pen for about 2 days , and so far no major problems yet . Overall , I would recommend this pen to people who would like cheaper prices , for a cost of a bit less quality .
 List price is apparently $ 25 . I paid over $ 10 a few weeks ago . When I started writing this review the other day , it was selling for $ 3.99 -LRB- plus $ 5 for the lowest shipping fee ! -RRB- . But today the price went up to $ 10I thought of ordering several units the other day at $ 3.99 to offer for Christmas , together with the usual Roussel chocolates that I always give to my closest family . True , Marilyn sang that `` diamonds are a girl 's best friends '' , but professors can only offer chocolates . Let 's not forget , however , that our `` reward is in Heaven '' , as I recently heard on a famous debate on TV ... Unfortunately , the price went up between the other day and today , so I 'll have to stick to my chocolates!This product seems to be solid and has the convenience of offering a black ball pen , a stylus to use with my PDA or Sony 46 camcorder , and two other features . You must hold the lower edge with your fingers and turn the upper part to the right for the stylus or to the left for the pen with your other hand . It 's very hard to do it with only one hand , unlike another 4 in 1 pen that I have , where I hold it horizontally and just press a button on top , or my great 4 colors Waterman -LRB- which is over 40 years old and I still use in class ! -RRB- where I just push the side buttons down to change colors . Since I have never made a living on anything heavier than a pen , I have plenty of them ... It also has a LED light that is very convenient if you must find your way in a staircase without emergency lights -LRB- which I have seen more than once ! -RRB- ; and finally , it even has a laser pointer that I never use but which can be handy for a lecture with projections . I would have preferred a pencil instead of the red pointer , like a plastic 4 in 1 pen that I have , for which I also paid more than $ 10 last year and that is broken already
 I purchased two of these for use with the Cruz e-readers that we bought for christmas . They work wonderfully ! The stylus is what is used the most , but the light and pen are great attributes too . Great choice for us and what we needed it for .
 This product did not work fully upon arrival -LRB- pen would n't work -RRB- , but after contacted HDE , I received a replacement very promptly . The laser is very powerful , the flashlight is n't . The pda stylus is no good for touch screens , it does n't work at all . I was suprised and happy to find that this includes a full set of extra batteries in the package .
 Tribal youth I purchased this for as a stocking stuffer , had fun playing with their pets , especially the cats . o
 I bought several of these for my co-workers and they love them . One of the units I ordered had a bad battery which swelled and apparently caused the switch to go bad . The others were just fine . I kept that one for myself because I do n't need the light or laser.The ink supply is sparse but the refills are available from FreeRefill . Order the RF05 refill . Their prices are cheap and the business model is brilliant . They give you the refills free but you pay $ 4.95 S&H ; which more than covers the profit margin for the $ 1.00 worth of refills and the $ 1.00 in postage.My co-workers use the stylus on the Palm units we use to communicate the needs of Cashiers and others at our store .
 This does not have the `` feel '' of an expensive product but it works and is inexpensive . I have had this pen for about nine months and though I have not used it often it still works . The laser pointer is excellent and well focused along with the mini light and it also writes well . I highly recommend this product . It is amazing how such a cheap purchase can fulfill so many roles .
 This book is very well manufactured and will be a great learning tool for my daughter . I should have reviewed previous reviews more carefully and would have seen that some sellers are only selling a single book where the product description states 5 books in a pack .
 This is perfect for my 3 year old daughter . She loves it . I love it because I do n't have to write letters in dots anymore for her to trace : D
 Saves me alot of paper by buying this book . My son is obsessed with the alphabet and loves to write it over and over . Definately worth the money .
 Beware that some sellers with an unbelievably low price are sending you a single book . Learning Resources/The manufacturer markets toward educators , so the product is really a 5 pk and for Amazon 's price is a good value . I recommend you contact Marketplace sellers directly to confirm how many you will receive.I recommend this book ! It is durable -LRB- you need your own pen -RRB- , and easy for young ones to manipulate . Buy the 5 pack because they make great , inexpensive and educational birthday gifts for your child 's 4yr old classmates . Like a previous poster commented , it is great to keep child occupied when out and about . I like to play the matching game where the child finds letters in the enviroment -LRB- like modified travel bingo or a scavenger hunt -RRB- then traces the letter in the book !
 Great for preschoolers . Daughter loved and it kept her busy . Great for taking to restaurants to keep your child occupied . Daughter is now in Kindergarten .
 The phone has all the capabilities of a cell phone and a PDA all in one . The camera takes pictures and videos at a resolution of 640x480 which is decent . In fact that 's the resolution I get out of my handycam at the moment -LRB- though that 's a fairly old camera now -RRB- . The speakerphone is a bit weak in comparison to other phone models on the market but I feel that the bluetooth feature more than makes up for that . Bluetooth allows you to use wireless headsets and to wirelessly syncronize the PDA and contact lists with your computer.The only 2 drawbacks that I 've had with the phone are loading times and handwriting recognition . The menus -LRB- like all Sony-Ericsson phones -RRB- take a little time to react and load . This can get a little frustrating but after a little use , I got used to it . The handwriting recognition is not Graphitti -LRB- PalmOS -RRB- instead it uses the Symbian OS and something called JotPro . Personally I was already used to PalmOS and Graphitti and still have trouble after more than a month with the writing system , but I can see how this system is more intuitive and would be easier to use for new PDA users.All in all , a good phone/PDA .
 There is nothing more you need , if you have a Sony Ericsson P900 phone . It truly does combine all needs into one device.First of all , it looks beautiful , and is made out of some special plastic which is hard to scratch -LRB- I 've had it in my pocket with change and keys numerous times , and have not seen a single scratch -RRB- . Its screen color and resolution quality is amazing . You can get rid of your family pictures from wallet and keep them in your phone . It also takes better pictures and video -LRB- with sound -RRB- than some of the other PDAs I 've seen.Add more memory -LRB- default is 32MB -RRB- , and you will fully enjoy its MP3 player , voice recording -LRB- for lectures or meetings -RRB- , camera , file backup , and many other capabilities . I like using its handwriting software -LRB- recognizes your natural style -RRB- - better than of Palm . It 's finally nice to be able to browse a web page in color and pictures , just as you would on your PC.BlueTooth is also neat to have - you can copy data and use it as a modem for your laptop while keeping it in your pocket , or even have it as a remote control for your power point slides -LRB- you can attach a laser pointer to it -RRB- , and find many other utilizations for it.But none of the above important if it does n't do its main function well - being a good cell phone . It has an easy to navigate menu , does n't take more than 4 keystrokes to find and dial a number , long lasting battery , good reception , speakerphone , etc. . . and not much bigger or heavier than an average phone.The only thing I wish it had is 802.11 b wireless . But regardless , it 's definitely the best unit you 'll see on the market.So , next time you see someone walking with their cell phones , iPods , PDAs , camcorder , blackberry , sound recorder and USB memory , tell them to get a P900 instead ; - -RRB-
 Great all in one . New software available at Handango means you can carry your office -LRB- word , excel -RRB- files with you . Memory stick duo is fine , although most of the products I use are SD card , but not a deal breaker as I have multiple card usb readers at the office and at home -LRB- Lexar has a small Jumpdrive that 's good -RRB- . Symbian mobipocket reader reads palm ebook reader format , so it 's great for ebooks in that format . So far will not read acrobat files , but they 're working on it . Before I was carrying a Sony Ericsson 610 and a Palm Tungsten T. I replaced those TWO devices with this ONE .
 I have owned this product for a number of years now and use it daily . At times this shredder receives heavy use -LRB- constant shredding for an hour or two -RRB- with no problems . It shreds staples and multiple sheets -LRB- as advertised -RRB- with no problem.The only complaint I have is that the waste basket is too small . I should upgrade to a larger shredder but this does a wonderful job ! I have no complaints .
 This product is absolutely the best shredder I 've ever used . It easily shreds several sheets of paper at one time , slicing them lengthwise as well as crosswise . The bits are so tiny that no identity thief would take on the impossible task of trying to splice them together.The credit card shredder is perfect . It eagerly grinds the cards without protest or problem . They also end up in minute pieces.I 've used the CD shredder only once . It worked fine.This shredder has an automatic knob that keeps the machine fired up but not running until you put papers through the slot . Then it roars to life and chews up every last bit.The remains collect in the roomy plastic basket underneath . This shredder lacks a handle , so you have to unplug it , grab the sides and lift it out of the basket . It resets easily back where it belongs once the basket is emptied.You can also keep the machine off until you 're ready to use it . Simply slide the level to On . There is also a Reverse button to help dislodge any jams . I have had this shredder for two years and it has n't jammed yet.I run every scrap of paper through this shredder . It has n't once failed me . **** UPDATE **** -LRB- March , 2012 -RRB- Still working as well as it did on day one .
 If you 're tired of using the typical mouse pad that 's really quite small and you keep running off the edges , then this is for you . It measures approximately 17 '' x 13 '' which gives you lots of space to move your mouse freely about even if you have an optical mouse that does n't require a pad . This item appears very difficult to find out in the stores so if you have a need for one grab it today .
 all the mouse pads i ve had are so small you cant get back and forth side to side without moving it or mouse and playing games its hard to do especially a 66 year old.i cant wait to get it didnt know they were made and it will be great when it gets here
 If you are looking for a cute answering machine , you got it . The sound is not the best but but overall it works fine . Regarding the color it is more tangerine than yellow to me , but still very cute .
 The sound is n't that perfect . You could probably get better sound with tape , but why not be the first on the block with this cool looking machine ! And you can count on a company like Swatch !
 I bought this product specifically for gluing the soles back on my shoes and it worked great . Just minimize excess because the glue expands then hardens . Then this clear plastic Brita pitcher that I now use for compost cracked where I bang it on the composter , and the glue repaired it so well I can still bang on it in the same place . I bet the Brita company would love to know I put compost in their pitcher . lol
 I used this stuff to glue chairs together , rebuild a piano seat , fix windows in our treehouse , repair a broken strut on the patio umbrella , and to fix broken ceramic pots in the garden . It 's waterproof and nearly bulletproof . Best if you mix with a bit of water . And clamp the job carefully . The one flaw is that the nozzle seems to clog . I just screw a sheetrock screw into the plug , and pull it out . Also helps to drill a hole in a block of wood and store the glue upside down with orange cap in the hole . This is my favorite all-around glue .
 Purchased these for work when I could n't find purple legal size folders ANYWHERE else ! I 'm very happy with them , they are holding up well and we put a lot of documents in them . Glad I found them and hopefully they stay in stock here for the next time I need them . Purchased 2 boxes and the price and shipping were great . Definitely would recommend them !
 Our first machine -LRB- used telco memory call before -RRB- . Very nice features - 4 or 2 ring pickup , 1 or 2 minute record time , remote ops -LRB- have n't tried -RRB- , announce and record or announce and hangup modes -LRB- different announcements -RRB- , time/date stamp , call monitor , battery backup.The audio quality of msg and recordings is great . Setup was very easy , unit confirms what you did . Have ours attached to standalone caller ID box and cordless phone -LRB- manual said this could cause a problem - nah -RRB- . Have found no drawbacks mentioned in reviews of other machines at Amazon.Only thing do n't know is how long unit will last .
 I have fibromyalgia and so proper padding is essential when I am working at the computer . I think these are great pads and work well , but I have sometimes made the mistake of resting my elbow on it when I am working and frustrated over something . It was always on the same place , and the seam did come apart . I taped it back together with packing tape and covered the whole thing with cloth ... but I thought I should issue the warning in case anyone else has the same bad habits I do . I think they should hold up fine if all you are using them for is to support your wrists during typing . I also have the mouse pad that is like it - and it is also a wonderful product .
 Good quality wrist pad and the gel helps with wrist pain . I also like that 's it does n't take up a lot of room .
 This wrest is the King-of-all-Rest at any price , but at the price it 's offered at , i had to buy two for each of my customer service attendants . They are on their wrists all day long and with the coverage these pads provide , I can feel comfortable i 've given them the best comfort available . Sometimes it 's the little things you do for your staff that mean the most , and I received the most appreciative `` thank you '' smiles after the first full day these were used . If you have ANY reason whatsoever for a heavy duty wrist rest , this is your best bet !
 Nicely packaged and quick to arrive . Fits in the pencil . Not much you can say about pencil lead . How many words is that ? Have I hit twenty yet ?
 The lead never breaks , the mechanical pencil is just the right size and feel to use all day long.tom
 The only lead you can use for the 1.4 mm Faber-Castell pencil is the 1.4 mm lead and it will not break if you press down too hard .
 My daughter ordered this faber pencil and absolutely loves it . My only complaint is that the company supposedly mailed it out , but did not send me a tracking number . After 3 plus weeks , I called the company . They researched it and said the first pencil was `` lost in the mail '' although I had already been charged for it . They did mail out another one within a week and sent me the tracking information . The company did not offer to give me a discount or compensate me in any way .
 If you spent the money to buy a Faber Castell pencil , I recommend you splurge on purchasing lead for it . -LRB- You do n't want to be left without it . -RRB-
 this is a very nice pencil that wo n't disapoint you . the lead is impossible to break and it ships rather QUICKLY .
 The pen is impeccably constructed and the thick lead makes for very smooth note taking . The pen looks very stylish and I expect I will have this for years . The eraser is under the cap and is replaceable . The small size makes it easy to carry also . I hihgly recommend !
 This is a really great , high quality pencil that cam be used with ease . It fites the hand well and the 1.4 mm unbreakable lead is very nice . Overall A + !
 I 'm a bookkeeper for a small business , and this calculator is great for totaling hours .
 Excellent item !! It 's very useful in my work everyday . The shipment arrived very fast . Thanks for all . I recommend it .
 This item works great . I process a lot of employees time and leave and this has helped me out greatly . I highly suggest you get this item if you need to calculate time
 I bought this to use for my school 's Mock Trial team . We are required to keep time and calculate it very quickly , so I purchased this item . It has served it 's purpose very well . It 's easy to use and lightweight . Shipping was very quick . I am pleased overall with my purchase .
 This thing is fantastic ! It 's a little intimidating at first because it does so much you get the feeling of being overwhelmed when you read the instructions . With a little practice and some time that feeling goes away and you settle into the routine that works best for you . Overall it feels well constructed and appears to function above expectations .
 THIS IS THE BEST AND FASTEST CALCULATOR TOO TELL TIME EASY TO WORK AND TOO FIND OUT THE PAY . SPEEDO
 The units do the job for us timing shows in 's and out 's the unit have been an easy way to check and set timmers.The unit were packaged well . We did however got one with a dead battery . No worries we have more battries on hand . Heavey wear points from our users on/off key , the other common key wear 1,2,5,6,7,8 - , + Do n't get me wrong the units are good ! We do put alot of wear on them . We are pleased with the product .
 I am pleased with this calculator . It 's your standard scientific calculator with a fun color . It 's easy to use , understand , and it 's sturdy .
 This is your standard scientific calculator , so no frills about it . The colours are as pictured and all the buttons/inputs work well !
 Logical button placement and a long display window make this a very usable scientific calculator . Easy to work with exponents , scientific notation , trig functions . Storing and retrieving items from memory is less cumbersome than with other calculators I 've used .
 Texas Instruments makes great calculators . This is a low end calculator , but has tremendous functionality . I ordered the orange one to prevent students from &#34; forgetting &#34; to return it to me .
 I selected this specific color because it is our school color AND it stands out . I was tired of my kids getting their calculators mixed up with everyone elses .
 this here calculator is a mighty fine calculator . first of all , its orange . who doesnt like an orange calculator ? i call it my tangerine . anyway , in all seriousness , this is a great calculator . it satisfies all my math class needs . it never has any problems with the sticking of the keys or anything like that . it always gives me the correct sine or tangent and everything . this calculator is a mighty fine one indeed
 This is by the best calculator you could purchase for school , the service was fast we received it days ahead of the scheduled timeTexas Instruments TI-30XA Scientific Calculator
 I bought this for someone at work because they like very fine points . I generally only like medium points . However , when I tried it , I found I liked it . I liked it a lot . It writes very well and does n't smear . I highly recommend it .
 I have these extra fine point pens in purple , black and blue . The ink does n't dry immediately , so occasionally smudging is a problem . Seems like it 's more of an issue with the medium point pens rather than the extra fine . I use these in my Moleskine and they have a really nice flow to them .
 I address many invitations when doing events and this is the only pen I will use . They give an elegant look and are easy to use .
 I found these and started using them at work . I ca n't tell you how much I love them . This is the best pen I have ever used ! It looks great and I love the flow in how it writes !
 These are classic classroom Geometry tools used for drawing circles . They are exactly what you would expect . I am happy with them so far , but have n't really put them to the test by giving them to my students to use .
 Was dissapointed that the pen came with a black ink cartridge . The ad said the ink was blue . Also , the inner box had been opened and the presentation of this fine writing instrument had been compromised .
 I ordered the pen on Monday and got it in 4 days . It 's as I expected from Waterman , a great pen @ a great price from TNT Deals . I have 5 Mont Blanc pens from the past 30 years . The Waterman pens are just as good , but at less than half of the Mont Blanc prices . I 'll order more of the same as X'mas gifts . Thanks for a great product .
 This pen made by the French company Waterman is a superb writing instrument . This particular model has been sold by Waterman in a number of variants over the years , with only minor changes to barrel color , highlight markings , choice of either gold or silver trim , and , of course , ballpoint , rollerball , or fountain tip varieties . I 've purchased two these over the years , both from the Gilbert Joseph store in Paris right next to the University of Paris , Sorbonne . I paid in Euros what is listed here by Amazon in dollars , and although the price of the model has slowly risen over the years , it remains a great price-to-performance ratio if you are looking for a fine writing instrument that is not exorbitantly expensive -LRB- as some of the higher-end Waterman 's are -RRB- . The pen has an extremely luxurious feel , resulting from the fine finish on the barrel and also the precisely balanced weighting of the instrument . This is moderately heavy pen , but when the cap is snapped on to the barrel , it is excellently balanced , which provides an improved writing experience , even when writing over longer periods of time . The barrel itself is very smooth , with a glossy finish over a marbled pattern -LRB- here , in blue -RRB- , and , as I say , either gold or silver accenting , depending on the specific model . The cap makes a distinctive and positive click when sealing the pen -LRB- placed on the point end of the barrel -RRB- or opening it for writing -LRB- placed on the top end of the barrel -RRB- . The pen I use is a gel ink ballpoint design -LRB- this is not a fountain pen , although other variants of the pen utilize a fountain tip -RRB- . My own experience with refills leads me to recommend either the Waterman or the Mont Blanc refills to maximize the writing experience . Both these brands of refills are manufactured in Germany -LRB- the pen , however , is still manufactured in France -RRB- . If you prefer a fountain tip or rollerball , you will have to look at those edition of the pen , rather than this one.Finally , for whatever it might matter , the case which comes with the pen is quite nice for the price . Particularly if you are purchasing this as a gift , presenting the pen in such a lovely , silk-lined case -LRB- with securing elastic strap built in -RRB- really makes the instrument stand out , and the case is of sufficient quality to last a long time for holding the pen when not in use . The printed manual for the pen is folded underneath the silk and cardboard liner
 I actually took quite a while to decide on a cubicle hanger , since I needed one that would hold snug enough to support some weight , and accommodate my framed art print 's hook . By bending the frame 's hanger -LRB- a square with a hole and 3 teeth -RRB- slightly in the middle , this hanger 's near-flush hook could hold the frame . Since I hung it some weeks ago , I 've noticed no jostling . The part of the hanger that hugs the cubicle wall does n't fit too tight , but nor does it appear loose .
 These work perectly for hanging something on cube walls that 's too heavy for the pin hangers that stick in the fabric .
 Arrived on time . Had thin plastic coating protecting the hangers from being scratched . Work well for holding my white board .
 I use these to hang photos . They seem to work very well on our cubicle walls - though they might not fit all of them .
 These work as described . Be careful , however , and make sure you think about the height of the portable wall or cubical you are putting them on . We bought them to hang a whiteboard on our portable wall , but the wall is too high which makes this white board too high to be used . Ca n't fault the product for that though , it was our mistake .
 These hooks are awesome . I work in a cubicle and my only real wall has a giant shelf on it , which leaves no room for hanging pictures . I have a few framed prints that I wanted to hang and these hooks were perfect . My cube wall is just over 2.5 '' thick and these fit , as the metal is a bit flexible . They hold my framed prints perfectly and very securely . Great product .
 This product works really good for hanging a big white board in my office . I tried to find a metal hanger that fits to the standard office partition and found this product . It 's easy just to place on top of the partition and to hang a white board .
 The flexible hanger works as expected . The design makes it easy to accommodate a slight variation in partition thickness , and installation is a snap . The result of my first order was so encouraging that I ordered a second batch which quickly was put into service.Pro
 I needed this for pinning fabric together to make covers . So far it works great ! Much faster than pinning by hand ! Well worth the $ $ !
 Simply a great , versatile , well made stapler . Being an artist and a teacher I find this an indispensable , handy tool .
 A friend gave me a GC to amazon.com for my birthday , and the plier stapler was my main purchase . I teach high school , and the springs on my staplers are always breaking , due to my students -- boys especially -- BAMMING the top with their fists just to put a puny staple in a couple of pages . So I thought a stapler that forces them to pick it up and squeeze might last better . The other day , I figured out how to load the staples , and I get students August 22 . So , take that , JHS guy staplers !
 This is perfect for what I use it for which is a small home office where I do not need to staple more than 50 sheets together . It takes both the 5/16 '' and 1/4 `` staples but I only use it for the 5/16 '' since I have another stapler set up for my smaller projects that take the standard staples . Good quality and easy to load .
 I have n't had this stapler long yet but it is by far the best stapler I could find for the money . Heavy duty , easy to load and seems durable . I use this stapler in a high volume pizza shop for stapling tickets to orders and it takes quite a bit of abuse . Has already been dropped many times and continues to function above and beyond my expectations .
 Just what I needed for my home office , will staple as much or as little as you need , much better than a normal stapler , good delivery , good service , good price . Excellent .
 We own a very popular and busy carry out and delivery Chinese restaurant . We bag all of our food and staple the paper bags closed for obvious reasons . We go through a box of 5000 staples per week . This stapler is rugged and easy to handle . I do n't worry every time I drop it on the floor , which can be a few times a night when we 're very , very busy . We originally bought the Rapid Classic from Office Depot but I guess it was n't fashionable enough for them as they no longer carry it . I have n't had to buy a new one for a while though as they are so sturdy . Looked around but could n't find it anywhere else either . Bought a few of the plastic staplers but they are a joke when doing high volume . Finally it clicked that Amazon might have it , they seem to have everything else known to man . The price is good but the shipping is outrageous because of the weight . I bought 5 so I would n't be caught in a bind if they decide to stop making this baby for good . Great investment for us !
 Great plier stapler . Operates very smoothly , even with a large stack of paper . Could be improved if it could be stood on end so that it takes up less space and is more easily grabbed .
 it works great but now I can ' t find the right staples for it . can somebody tell me what staples I can use with this stapler .
 Do n't know why I did n't buy this long ago . Well made , function well , feel like a quality tool . My wife loves it for intricate craft projects as well
 Best stapler I have ever used , it is made in Sweden and has one of the nicest chrome finishes imaginable . Goes through lots of sheets with ease .
 A giant step forward . This is not grandma 's nickel-98 stapler from the five & dime.I was elated when I discovered this stapler was Made in Sweden . I 've used Swedish products since 1980 . They are known worldwide for their quality craftsmanship and durability.I have 3 professional Husqvarna chainsaws , 181SE , 285XP , 372XP and a 327HE3X hedge trimmer and I 've never had a problem in 30 years . The Tormek T-7 sharpening system in my workshop is used daily.A mere 11 pounds of grip force is all that 's required to operate this quality-built stapler . That 's effortless and makes it perfect for home office , schools , restaurants or any environment that requires frequent stapling.I 've used it for two months without a jam or problem . It 's fast and smooth and the best such stapler I 've ever owned.See my uploaded image to see how to load staples.After inserting a full load of staples , it takes a fair amount of force to lock rear hook on the spring pusher rod into place to secure the staples . Most springs become weak with time so this is a good thing.The 1/4 '' -LRB- 6mm -RRB- staples are perfect for most jobs .
 I 've had one of these for about 15 years and just ordered another one because I got tired of my son always borrowing mine . I was so happy to find on at a great price . This is the best stapler I 've ever used !
 This stapler is identical to one that I already have -- just needed another one . It is hard to find things that are made as well today .
 i work at a pizza place n we staple rubber bands to our menu n hang them to ea . door . . we have careless employess braking stapler after stapler . . n finally we found this ... and it still works
 We use these staplers around the shop to bind small documents and small sets of architectural plan sheets . All metal construction help these last a good long while even in a commercial setting like ours . Keep in mind this stapler uses standard staples and is not intended for large documents .
 I ship a lot of small parts in bags that I staple close and I needed a stapler that would work consistently . I tried several staplers , but they kept jamming or would break . This is the only stapler that I have used that has not jammed . No more having to clear the jam and that helps me be more productive . It seems very well made and I hope it will have a long useful life . Using standard staples is a plus too .
 I was a front desk supervisor at a hotel . I also used to order office supplies for that department . We went through 5 different sets of staplers in 2 years . I finally hit upon this stapler . I loved this product . When I left , one of my going away presents was my `` Moby 1 '' stapler -LRB- we named them at work -RRB- . I have it at my new job and it is now 10 years old and everyone at my new work uses it . Still goest through 50 pages . Great product .
 Have been using this stapler for about 2 weeks and it is the best stapler I 've ever used . The ability to pick it up and angle it with the hand is a much more natural movement than banging on a stationary stapler . Also , I think the movement with the fingers of squeezing the handles relatively slowly -LRB- compared with the striking motion of stationary staplers -RRB- results in much better staple placement and paper penetration . Less mis-fires . Made in Sweden !
 I 've been using a couple of these staplers for over 10 years and they still work . I 've never had a problem loading a full bar of staples in it as the previous reviewer claims . I 'm back to buy a couple of new ones just in case they get discontinued in the future . Highly recommended !
 I 've been using a set of these heavily for 5 years . They finally started messing up and found these at a very decent price . Bought 2 more . look like they are built the same so I 'm good for another 5 years .
 I searched locally in store at staples , office depot , walmart , etc. . Then I searched online for this style of stapler . I did a little researching and came to the conclusion that this was the most popular brand and best reviewed . After receiving the stapler I 'm very satisfied Roth the sturdy construction and feel of this stapler . All metal parts , no plastic components . I was surprised to see this stapler used both standard and longer staples . Great stapler , solid construction , exactly what I wanted for my art studio/workshop .
 Somewhere along the way the quality of staplers have deterioriated to the point that none seem to work well . . This stapler is a wonderful exception . . Outstanding quality and works the way it 's supposed to . .
 This is my second stapler of this type . I think these are the best , staples many sheets , and does n't stop working like the plastic ones .
 Tried using a standard stapler for thin cardboard product boxes and staples would no go through and always left sharps out . Bought two off these and they are so easy to load , very good drive through and staples always curl properly leaving no sharps . Highly recommended .
 Needed a stapler to carry in my dump truck to staple customer orders with pickup tickets . It takes a beating in the truck and still keeps working flawlessly
 this all metal hand stapler is the only one that lasts more than a couple of months . it is heavy metal and holds its shape . this prevents staple jams and the pain to clear them . my secretary loves it .
 I had purchased a similar item from Staples and it was horrible ! I returned it and bought this Buddy Products drawer set . It is so much better ! The textured metal made it much stronger and the drawers actually open and close like they are supposed to . This is a good product . Only four stars because one edge of one drawer does rub a little bit - but nothing is perfect ! This is the best quality brand for small metal drawers .
 This box is perfect for the storing of standard 4 x 6 photo 's . With standard tab 's from any office Supply you can completely organize all photo 's for ease in viewing or retrival.All metal and very sturdy .
 The one made by Steelmaster has a flimsy holder behind the cards ; they fall into the back of the drawer . Returned it and bought this one from Buddy , which has a metal holder behind the cards and holds them upright .
 I used the Build button to do jumbled letters and it did n't have the memory for all the words . I keep wishing I can add to the dictionary , but ca n't find a way to do it . If you use it for Scrabble , be aware that some words will not be found .
 The only comment my adult daughter had about the product was that the soft back Scrabble dictionary had words that were not shown in this product when searched .
 We play Scrabble every day and the Franklin Scrable Compainon has helped speed the game up . We also use it to practice our spelling . A great product and a lot of fun to use .
 What a fabulous invention !! I would have rated it a 5 , except for the fact that you still occasionally need to look up words in a conventional dictionary . While using this item I have found several words , which I knew were `` words '' , not included here but listed in a conventional dictionary.However , it is very easy to use and speeds up the game of scrabble . It also includes a few word games . Buy it !
 I played on my own for years . . while friends had words that were in NO dictionary beat me online . . so I got even . shhhh .
 I play Scrabble at least twice a week . My record is 13 games in one day . This device is helpful to me ; I use it after the game . If I think I might have had a bingo , I record my letters and check them when the game is over . So many words in this world ... the seven letter ones are my favorites . My personal best is 535 , a score I attained last Christmas Eve .
 TO REPAIR SCRABBLE PLAYERS DICTIONARY CLEAN CONTACTS WITH RUBBING COMPOND FOR PAINT TO A CAR , CLEAN WITH COTTON BUDS UNTILL THEY ARE NOT BLACKNOTE ONE SCREW IS HIDDEN UNDER TAPE ON PRINTED CIRCUITSINCERLY J.R 'S
 I have been very happy with my Franklin Scrabble Dictionary . It is very handy for checking spelling , finding a bingo , etc. . It arrived in a very timely manner from when I placed the order . Thank you so much . Dianne Taboada
 This is easy to use and portable . My only objection is the omission of `` objectionable '' words . I find that very annoying -LRB- I do n't need or want to be protected -RRB- -- but we -LRB- my wife and I -RRB- do n't want to have to use two reference authorities for our games , so we live without these words that we 'd find in the OED.I 'd still recommend it -- especially if ou play regularly away from your home base -LRB- the beach , etc -RRB- -- and find it impractical to drag a 20lb dictionary about with you .
 I love this little device!Helps younger or inexperienced players learn new words -LRB- definitions are included , which is wonderful -RRB- . Also helps experienced players improve!There are games on this item too , have not played them ... but I love gadgets that have more than one use!Easy to use , and truely a great item for any scrabble lover ! -LRB- reduced star due to pricey !! -RRB-
 This works wonders with the Scrabble board game . It certainly helps me feel smarter when I play !
 Fast and easy . Slightly hard to view . Batteries get used up quickly . Still , easier than lifting heavy book type dictionary .
 I have wanted this dictionary for 3 years but could not afford the 50.00 price Franklin put on it . I am on social security and have limited funds . So when I saw your offer of 30.00 off - I could n't resist it - so I bought it for my birthday -LRB- june 23 -RRB- and love it very much . I do a lot of things with it and could n't be without it . Thank you very much .
 I love my Scrabble dictionary . It is very compact and a lot easier to bring along on vacation than the paperback dictionary . It has some skill-building games on it and can even be used to find words for the letters you have -- a feature I use when playing against the computer in order to increase my skill . The drawback of this dictionary , however , is that it only contains the words from the 3rd edition of the official dictionary . The fourth edition has been out for some time now , but this product has not been updated . Otherwise , I would give it five stars .
 The product is excellent . I am an on-line scrabble player and it is very helpful . I 've been winning !
 This is a Scrabble Companion that you wo n't want to be without when you are playing scrabble with the gang ! The word you want to look up is at your finger tips ! No wasted time turning pages in a dictionary book ! Plus there are so many more legal words in this companion that it totally amazes me ! Let 's play scrabble !
 The Franklin Scrabble Companion takes my scrabble game to the next level ! No more arguments with fellow game players !
 Length of time from purchase to delivery . New or used . If used , condition . Picture .
 If you love Scrabble , you have to try out this Scrabble electronic dictionary . It 's wonderful ... it makes playing the game much easier . Even a tabbed -LRB- book -RRB- dictionary is n't as good as this - just type in the word - press enter - you instantly see if it 's a word or not , and if so , it 'll define it . If it takes forever to tell you - that means it 's not a word and it 's finding the nearest word to your entry . There 's some games and extras on it , but it does the job wonderfully !! I did n't pay retail , I got it on sale which I 'm sure I 'll never see again , but it 's worth it even at retail price!Very easy to use and your friends and family will thank you for it ! It definitely saves time during the game !!
 First - let me say ; I have to give this a 4 , I 'm afraid the quality of the item is not the highest standard . It is beginning to have trouble pressing buttons , and giving all word possibilites . I think this is because we use it so much . I have used this item for about 5 months , anywhere from 2-3 hours a day ! It is great for entering letters , and having the item -LRB- we call it `` the brain '' -RRB- tell you all the available words . Ca n't play scrabble without it !
 The Franklin Scrabble Companion -LRB- FSC -RRB- was priced fairly , and delivered promptly . A nice touch was the cloth bag with draw-string into which the FSC is stored when not in use . This product has a tendency to go into failure modes - this is the second one I 've purchased and both products have this same tendency . However , there is a simple fix when this happens - depressing with a narrow point a button on the back always seems to work . In our Scrabble Club , the allowable words are changing ; unfortunately , the FSC does not include these new words -LRB- eg. , QI , FE , KI , ZA , ... -RRB- . Not sure what Franklin 's plans are to update the current model ...
 We absolutely love our Scrabble `` cheating machine . '' We play with our 13 year old son , and the `` cheating machine '' has taught him a lot of new words . When friends play with us , they often start out scorning our machine and us for having it -LRB- hence the source of its name -RRB- . But by the time the game 's half over , they 're grabbing it , too , to confirm unusual two-letter words and for challenges . We occassionaly play the games which has improved my own Scrabble game . We 've had to reset it a couple times -LRB- easily done -RRB- but have had no other problems in the past 18 months we 've owned it .
 I had been browsing the web looking at various word games for my nieces aged 6 and 11 . I wanted one that would help in building their vocabulary and at the same time offer some fun . Finally I decided to buy Franklin Scrabble Companion . My nieces vocabulary has improved a lot . The electronic dictionary is great and it also prevents my older niece from taking advantage of the younger one who does n't know to use a dictionary . My sister and brother-in-law also got hooked to the game and enjoy it immensely . Playing scrabble has become sort of a routine in their house that they look forward to eagerly.My sister said that the Franklin Scrabble Companion is also a great boon on the nights that they entertain as it prevents the kids from making a ruckus , since they are very engrossed in it . Since the games can be played at different skill levels it never gets boring . It is a perfect gift that can be given for birthdays and other occasions and I highly recommend it to one and all irrespective of age .
 I bought this to play the games in it , as I like Scrabble . But I found that I also use it as a dictionary , to check spelling , for crosswords , for other word games and to verify a word 's existence . The games are fun , I 'll admit . I particularly like `` Mystery Word `` Also , you are able to set your level of play , easy , intermediate and advanced.It 's quite a useful item , small enough to chuck into your bag if you 're execting a wait at the doctor 's office , but easy to read thatnks to a fairly large display screen.I paid $ 50 at a retail store in town , even that to me was a deal . Amazon 's a bit cheaper , so still a great deal . Recommended .
 I have the original Model SCR-30 . I have been using it for many years , while playing Scrabble and Boggle , and it still works fine . This new model has extra features in it to keep kids occupied , also . I recommend it highly . Don Brooks
 This is excellent game . All the family enjoys using it when playing Scrabble
 I purchased this as a gift for my 56-year-old mother who simply ca n't get enough Scrabble with her friends . While I did not get the opportunity to use the product myself , she seems quite enthusiastic about its abilities.Just make sure your opponents approve and dont think you are trying to cheat .
 This recent purchase was actually for a gift ; however , I have had the opportunity to tinker with it and get the input of the end user , my 75 year-old father . My father is still getting used to it and discovering all of its capabilities . He likes it as an accessory not actually replacing the hard bound dictionary which shows all the spellings close to the words that are searched . I found the device to be user friendly to those not savvy to computers and/or current electronics.When it comes to challenging a player , it has been quite interesting to obtain such instant results with the capability of prompting for the definition , and the response you are given when the word does not exist.Because the size is so compact without compromising the the size of the screen and ability to see the screen , it is great for taking along in the car or a plane trip because the game features make it intersting enough in which to stay engaged.I am pleased with my purchase .
 I use this thing everyday . Then again I am currently obsessed with Scrabble . Very easy to use too .
 My children and I have been using this to play scrabble and it really ` levels the playing field ' for us . You can enter the tiles you have in your hand and it will make suggestions , you can check spellings , help find places to put your words , and more.I have noticed that in playing this and really thinking about the words their spelling is improving and their vocabulary is imporving . Before their game consisted of words they already knew and ones I suggested -- a much more enjoyable game for everyone involved !!
 This was a gift for my Mother-in Law who has everything scrabble and she loved it . She said it is quick , easy and up to date .
 I bought my wife a new cell phone and she downloaded Scrabble on it . She got hooked on the game . As a B/D gift I bought her the Franklin Scrabble Companion . She loves it . Now I think I have to get a second wife that does n't like Scrabble so I can have someone to talk too . But seriously , it is great , she loves it . Now my daughter wants one for Xmas .
 My wife has used the Scrabble Companion for several months now and found it to be an excellent product for the money . It performs as advertised and is often borrowed by her co-players - until they can buy their own .
 Was easy enough to use , but not quite what i was looking for . But will do the job.we prefered forms 101 .
 I bought the Franklin Holman bible dictionary 6 months ago because I wanted something faster to find verses during bible study . The model is HBD 1450 which should not be confused with the BIB 1450 model , which is the KJV and NIV bible only . This unit is the first electronic bible I 've own . The unit retails for $ 89.95 but I got mine for $ 50 . At first I was intimidated by the user manual I viewed at Franklin.com site but when I received the unit , I was able to intuitively go through the buttons with surprising ease . The HBD has a solid casing and the cover door has a hinge that lets you prop open the unit so it sits upright . Inside the cover is a brief instructional guide to use.The HBD is a `` bookman '' which means you can download other books or even a regular dictionary if you purchase the optional $ 19 connection kit . Franklin provides FREE books at their site including the KJV ! Quite impressive . It has 5 lines of display which is about 12-14 in font size . the letters are dots so it is not as sharp letter wise but clearly readable in most conditions . When you turn on the unit it automatically goes to the last verse viewed . It has 5 `` touch '' buttons for bible footnotes , finding verses , bookmarking , and the dictionary touch button is a toggle between the bible and dictionary . you do NOT need a stylus pen just your fingers or the top point of a pen -LRB- I use fingers -RRB- . It includes the entire old and new testaments in NIV . It has a concordance and cross reference . It even has 6000 archeological articles and research topics built in . Instant search makes finding any word or verse a breeze . At first I thought the keyboard buttons were small but I have no problems entering the right letters.The bible automatically finishes the book as you type and paging through the verses can be by line or entire verse by using the space button . Highlight a word using the enter button and tap dictionary and it will look up the word 's definition if available , sometimes provides an article with historical sites . If you forget what book you are in , a button quickly reveals book , chapter , verse . It shutdowns after 2 minutes or longer so save battery -LRB- uses 2 lithium CR2032 -RRB- . The secondary functions include world and locale time , date , data bank , calculated , metric conversion -LRB- very helpful -RRB- and currency conversion . You can quickly skip entire chapters with function key and pgdn . an index of important headings through the old and new testament . It has a tutorial and even a help menu to guide you through operations.The only negatives are the contrast between back screen and letters is poor and verses are difficult to read as the screen is flat and lights reflections make it tough to read . Franklin needs to make contrast sharper and use solid letters . I am happy with the unit . SO much in a small , solid , easy to carry package . I highly recommend the HBD over just the regular bible , you will never be thumbing your way through the bible trying to find a verse again !
 I did a lot of research on electronic bibles -LRB- As I do anything -RRB- before I landed on this one . I really like the fact it has a dictionary and a bible . It 's not real clear from the item description that it is actually a NIV bible also and not just a dictionary . You can also upload other versions of the bible and more to it . You can change the font size and contrast to taste . It 's not overly big , I saw another Franklin that I liked and it did pretty much the same thing this one does but I think it was bigger and would n't really fit into your pocket . This one is just the right size which makes it more versatile.It is very user friendly also , you can just maneuver all around the thing and never lose your spot . You 're reading a passage want to know a definition of one word in the passage , highlight it and check it out and then one push of a button and your back to the passage you were reading . It 's one of those items that who ever designed had common sense . Unlike the guy who designed Microsoft word !
 I am an avid Franklin user . This product was purchased as a gift for my mother . She is very happy with this product and uses it regularly.It is easy to use and its easy to read screen makes for a great user experience .
 This product makes the difference between being able to communicate in Europe when your only language in English . Everyone traveling should have this item as it makes travel and communication a breeze !
 I first tried Hahnemuhle papers when my photographer friend Eric praised it . I was very pleased and amazed at the print quality . Hahnemule matte photo rag paper makes your prints look stunning.My Canon i9900 has a very wide color gamut which works well for this paper . I did , however , notice that the i9900 profiles provided by Hahnemuhle made the prints a bit too red for my taste . This was easily corrected using a paper profiler colorimeter -LRB- I use the PrintFix Pro by ColorVision -RRB- . The resulting profile was outstanding ! The red hue was gone . The blues were more saturated , like my monitor . This paper makes GREAT prints!Some things to note about this matte paper
 Looking for socks with Corgis on was something I expected to have great difficulty doing in time for Christmas as a present for my Corgi-loving friend , but happily , I found this seller ! Despite the fact that it had to be shipped to the UK , the product arrived very quickly and in plenty of time for Christmas . The product itself is great and of really good quality . Wonderful seller and wonderful product . Thank you .
 I 'm using the counter at work to tally phone calls -LRB- minimum per day target -RRB- . It 's working wonderfully . I do n't actually have it mounted to my desk , although there are holes and screws to do so , and it 's still stable . For the money , this product has worked very well . I 've only had it about a month , though , so I do n't yet know how long it will remain operational . So far so good .
 The last tally counter I saw before this one was my uncle 's which he took out logging . It was heaver made than this one , but I think this will meet my needs . I 'm not going though the woods with this . If you need something really heavily made you might want something else but for most needs I think this will do fine .
 Good Product . Works well . Seems to be well made and is holding up so far under daily use . Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah .
 This commercial quality paper dispenser and cutter is made of metal and can be set up as either a wall-mounted or table top work station . Very simple and easy to understand directions .
 My daughter -LRB- almost 4 -RRB- loves this calendar . I am starting to home school her , so this is a great educational toy . She learns numerical order , days of the week , months , weather , and seasons . The magnets are n't super-strong as the previous reviewer stated , but I do n't see how that 's a problem - they are n't falling off . So unless you go around shaking the calendar , you should be fine . I hung mine high enough that my 4-year-old can reach it , but the baby ca n't . Then we have no problems with lost magnets . The only reason I did n't give it a 5 star is the weaker magnets - the product could be improved , but is pretty good to begin with . It 's the best magnetic calendar option I 've seen .
 This is an OK product . It is a good size and is colorful and easy to read . I like having the month , days , seasons , and weather all on one big sheet so my son can see how everything works together.However , the magnets are very week , so if the calendar is bumped a little bit , it disarranges the number magnets.Also , it looked in the picture as if the calendar sets up like an easel but it is n't . Instead , I have a cheap metal picture frame stand to keep the calendar standing up on the desk for use every day.There are better products out there , but I just did n't think that more than $ 20 is appropriate for our situation .
 My 6 year old daughter uses this calendar for homeschooling . It hangs on the wall in our hallway . Each morning , she changes the date , the day of the week , and the weather . It is easy for her to use and great for learning calendar skills . There is no need to store any pieces elsewhere , as there is a spot right on the calendar , even for the pieces we are not currently using . I have n't noticed any problem with weak magnets . Works great !
 This is a great learning tool for toddlers . My granddaughter looks forward to checking the weather outside each day to see if it 's rainy or sunny . The magnets could be stronger , they tend to fall off when touched . Hanging it high enough so that it 's out of the way is a must!Overall , great product .
 This is great for at home or preschool 's . The quality is pretty good and the variety of things on the calendar is perfect . It includes
 How often do you hear kids asking educational material as a gift ? I was surprised when my daughter asks `` Kids Calendar '' for Christmas . I like this calendar for mainly because the kids will have to change the dates and weather on a daily basis . Every morning since she got the calendar that is the first thing she has been doing . She will spend few minutes there asking questions as to what the weather would look like -LRB- you have options for CLOUDY , RAINY , SUNNY and SNOWY . -RRB- Or she will comment how she ca n't wait till December is over so she can put JANUARY in its place . luckily she does n't have to wait a year to replace the year , because this calendar is year proof -LRB- and honestly , I do not think this calendar will last over a year -RRB- . Every month , you need to take out every number from the board and rearrange for the new month -LRB- you need another calendar to refer to -RRB- .
 I was confused by the pictures that showed on the product page . So I did some researches to make sure the picture with the little girl is matched the descriptions . My 3-year-old daughter lovers it very much . She pretends teacher and student at home . It would be perfect if this set includes all holidays and special events cards . Because of that , I only gave this product 4 stars .
 I bought this for my 5 year old son that I homeschool . I have n't had any trouble with the magnets not sticking . Overall , this calendar is a good teaching tool . It 's a bit on the plain side but pretty good for the price ...
 This handy little calendar is fun to use . My kids like taking turns switching the magnetic numbers and months , and they especially like figuring out what kind of weather we are having to change that magnet . We were careful to hang it high since magnets can be dangerous -LRB- even fatal -RRB- to little people if swallowed . We simply pull a chair over to update it or pop it off the plastic hooks I used to hang it -LRB- not included -RRB- .
 My 2 year old loved our advent calendar . After Christmas season ended , I wanted to find another calendar to use daily with him . He enjoys `` updating the calendar '' with my help . While the details are beyond his level , we do use this calendar each day to change the date and look at the weather . It also helps him get a basic sense of when people are visiting as I will point to the calendar to let him know when grandparents are coming etc. . I hang this calendar on our pantry door and the magnets withstand the opening and closing of the pantry many times per day .
 This works great for what I am hoping to accomplish with our homeschooled sons . I just wish that the magnets were a bit stronger to stay in place easier . My oldest enjoys changing the date and selecting the weather outside .
 My only issue with the educational aspect of this toy is that there is no 31 included with the dates and that is a bit confusing - there is a few blank squares so you can write it in .
 This calendar is perfect for my needs as a private tutor . Since I travel for my work , portability is important . This calendar is easy to carry from place to place . My students enjoy working with the magnetic numbers and months plus they are learning the days of the week , months of the year , patterns , before/after concepts , etc. .
 not quite as heavy as I had thought but this was a good buy for the price . I would order it again .
 This is a great pen refill . It writes as smoothly as my fountain pen . I do lots of writing , and this really makes it easier on my carpal tunnel . I use it with my Cross Edge , which is a really neat pen , and it is super.As with most gel pens , the refills do n't last as long as with a ballpoint . And sometimes I have to work with a new refill briefly to get it going . But then it is smooth sailing .
 This phone is the best line-powered , caller-ID , speakerphone I have seen . It does not require batteries or an AC-adapter for anything , and thus is truly line-powered . All the features I 've tested thus far -LRB- caller-ID , speakerphone , sound quality -RRB- work great , and I 'm delighted I found this product .
 Works great . I like the fact that it runs on the phone line power , so it 's very easy to set up - plug in the phone line and go . It 's got a lot of features and its pretty easy to use . The only complaint I have is that there 's no mute feature .
 I bought this phone because it was one of the few line powered phones I could find . My only complaints are that the display is hard to read but not impossible and the in use light blinks all the time -LRB- why ? -RRB- . It does what it says it does so I am happy .
 The criteria critical to my phone purchase were :1 . Work well as a wall phone2 . Operate on line power -LRB- without adapter or batteries -RRB- 3 . Have Caller ID and Call WaitingThis phone satisfies all these requirements . It also has several other useful features like 10 buttons for one-touch dialing , dialing by selecting a number from the list of missed calls and ability to select speaker-phone mode . While a back-lit LED would be nice , I 'm sure this would require more power than available from the phone line . My 2 complaints are that the user manual is incomplete and that the LED does not have a suitable adjustment range for use as a wall phone . The manual , for instance , tells how to assign `` VIP '' numbers , but does n't explain why you would do so . Given the height at which the phone must be mounted on the wall , it is necessary to duck down to see the LCD at its clearest . This problem could be avoided if the LED were designed to tilt back further when mounted on the wall.While Cortelco is not a well known name , I learned that they have a very long history in communications and are a division of ITT . I believe the 8780 is a very solid instrument and successfully meets my needs .
 I purchased this phone , despite the low marks given by the sole review at the time -LRB- sample size of one -RRB- , because it had the features I wanted for a reliable , workhorse phone for our kitchen
 Phone works as advertised . Really like that it works off of line power . Good speaker & features . Display a little hard to see at times . Only drawback is that it does n't have is a `` Mute '' button for when the speaker is being used which is a nice feature when your on a meeting call and need the privacy .
 Both phones purchased have performed flawlessly and to exactly what was expected . The headphone jack is very used often . CID works very well . There are times when `` Busy Lite '' will stay on and it will tie up the line . I found by disconnecting the jack from the wall and reconnection will clear the line . Does not occur often . With due rspect to the negative rsponce , I feel that person did receive a bad set.I would recommend this set to anyone looking for a lot of extras for the money!DDB
 Due to wireless phones constantly becoming missing in action in my house I was searching for a wired phone that had caller ID . It also needed to have caller ID without the need of batteries as batteries , for me , are a pain in the posterior . This phone exceeded my expectations . It is solidly built , has great quality of sound and is full of features . The fact that I no longer need to chase down phones that are more often than not out of juice is a heaven send . No more missed calls , no more ranting about dead and missing phones . Happy Happy .
 If you are looking for a corded phone that has caller ID and speakerphone , and operates without battery , this is it . It is very well designed , has many options such as 10 speed dial buttons , two plugs to connect to other devices , can be customized for ring tone and display angle as well as contrast , can be wall mounted , has 10 languages , can pre-dial , and much more ... I am not sure why not all phones are made so well . And most importantly , the sound quality is excellent .
 Just what I wanted - A line-powered phone that hangs on the wall with caller ID . There are more bells and whistles on the phone that I do n't need , so I ca n't comment there . Speaker mode is great . Yes , a backlit caller ID would be a nice addition . And yes , buy a longer line cord to replace the one that comes with this phone . I thought I 'd have trouble mounting this to the wall , but it simply slipped on to my existing AT&T mounting plate .
 glad they still had one - bought one just like it about a year ago and wanted it to match .
 This steel mailcart is a great asset to the office . It is sturdy , holds a lot of material , and rolls smoothly . My only complaint is that when I received the cart pieces and tried to put it together , I had to do a bit of home-grown tinkering because one of the corners that required a nut and bolt had a blob of extra paint caked up that made it difficult to secure the hardware .
 I thought these worked pretty well . It was a bit tricky at first to get the bottom line on each stamp lined up so the letters were in a straight line . Once I got that figured out , they worked out great . My daughter is 4 and just needed a little bit of extra help with some of her letters . Clean up is pretty easy , I just wipe them off with baby wipes . Not as easy as just printing out some worksheets , but this way you can customize to work on their name or whatever you want .
 requested by the 1st grade teacher , glad to get it for the classroom . Good item to guide children write letters .
 I bought this as a gift for a friend 's child . He loved to write but did n't form his letters well yet . This helped him gain confidence in his writing while teaching him the proper form . Great tool for early learning .
 This product is great . My only complaint is that the dots are so close together that they pretty much connect to themselves and print the letter anyways . I was hoping my kiddo would have to fill it in a little more with his own writing . I helped solve the problem a little by getting a really light grey stamp pad so his writing is what stands out the most . All in all a great product and my 3 year old thinks it is a lot of fun to learn his letters this way . He asks to get them out and work on his letters .
 This is more of a review of the company I purchased it through which was Apex Suppliers/Amazon . com . I am always hesitant to order from companies I have never heard of . I purchased it , though , because they had the best price . I accidentally placed two orders . Amazon could n't do anything . They told me to contact the seller -LRB- This was less than 30 minutes after placing the order -RRB- . Apex suppliers was very willing to help out and cancel one of the orders . I received the item quick , as well . It took just three days , and that was including a weekend . I do live out of state , too . I noticed the package was shipped from Alabama and I live on the west coast . I use this product for preschool students that I teach . They are perfect for stamping their names onto their papers . They are quicker than dotting the letters yourself , and they always turn out perfect each time .
 My items came quickly and contained ALL components as promised . They work great .
 I really like the size of this machine and it 's also a basic calculator without all the frills that I did n't want or need . The `` memory '' buttons are high up and small and not in the way - so I 'm not accidently hitting them all the time . The only thing I do n't like is the location of the 00 and 0 button . I have a tendency to hit the 00 when I want the 0 and then I have to start over . I can print or not print . The paper is easy to load . A very good basic machine .
 I need a battery operated printing calculator which is quite small . this works fine and replaces my Sharp which has electronic glitches these days .
 I do n't particularly like the bigger , bulkier adding machines so I bought this to use at work .
 I am happy with my new calculator . I needed it for use with my huge garage/barn/yard sale . I did n't have time to read the instructions the day of the sale , but I have since taken the time to figure it all out .
 Seems like a good little machine for the price . Just what I was looking for .
 It 's a calculator , not much you can do to add to that , it works and it 's very easy to use .
 Exactly what I wanted & needed -- just the right size and can be run by battery or a/c adapter
 Have n't used this yet . Just got it . Will know more once I have time to sit down and start my taxes , that was the main reason I bought this .
 These were Christmas gifts so were just opened this week ... not much time for use yet , but definitely arrived exactly as promised -LRB- 2-day delivery -RRB- and definitely new . Better price than any I could find locally , and were a hit .
 Got this for my father-in-law who decided he need a handheld printing calculator . He loved it . It is easy to set-up and fairly uncomplicated to use .
 this item is great and easy to use . I recommend it to all who would like to buy it and use .
 This was good for my small company to use easy to feed paper and comes with ink is a great buy
 I purchased it as a gift for one of my friends and saw him happily using it . What else is required . Good purchase for the price .
 This calculator is great at tax time . Last one lasted about 10 years . I did n't want to replace the ribbon .
 I 've owned several Casio calculators over the years and have been very pleased with all of them , this one included . I particularly like the size and the keypad has a nice feel -LRB- or touch -RRB- to it . I wanted something smaller , since I no longer have a home office . It 's convenient to have the printing feature when I need it . The price was very reasonable . It has many `` features '' , -LRB- although I will probably never use most of them -RRB- it 's nice to know they are available . This product deserves a five star rating .
 I 'm a pretty die hard Casio fan , so this may come off as a rave review . Having had two of an earlier generation of this calculator that ran flawlessly for fourteen years -LRB- with heavy daily use -RRB- , locating another was a no-brainer . This is a great unit , especially for retail use since it figures sales tax with a special button . The keys are large enough to handle women 's fingernails and 45 + year old eyeballs ... both important in my world.The paper roll print option is nice to have ; only gets turned on during year end inventory , but is good as an additional function.I strongly endorse this and the other Casio calculators . They 're great .
 This calculator is replacing one that was misplaced years ago and the batteries ate it . It works very well and has more capabilities than I 'll ever use -LRB- including figuring sales tax on items -RRB- ! The keys are large , the screen is big enough to read , and it runs on batteries or electricity . The directions for installing the ink roller were nonexistent , so I ended up wearing the ink trying to get it in right . The first thing one needs to do is to remove the strapping tape holding the ink roller . Then , the tab should extend to your left as you snap the roller in with the roller down . Once I figured it out , it was easy . At any rate , the lack of directions is the reason for four stars . I look forward to using this little machine for many years .
 I own two of these machines , so I obviously like them - the only reason for 4 stars is that I wish it had an adding machine feature . Having to enter the same number in over and over when doing a long addition project -LRB- such as a deposit -RRB- is tedious . Other than that , the size , functionality and portability are excellent .
 I really liked the reviews of the Casio HR-100TM on Amazon ; however , when I got to Walmart today and saw how large that model actually was , I could n't justify finding the storage space for something that size at home . -LRB- If I ever need a new calculator at work , though , I 'll keep that model in mind . -RRB- I previously owned a Canon P1-DHII -LRB- similar size to the Casio HR-8TM here -RRB- , purchased several years ago ; it probably still works , but I could n't remember how to load a paper roll without the manual -LRB- long since gone -RRB- . I bought the Casio HR-8TM at Walmart today , and figured out how to load the paper pretty quickly -- with the help of the instruction sheet . -LRB- A larger diagram , or a video paper loading demo on the Casio website , would have been even more helpful , though . -RRB- I tried a short-term interest calculation -LRB- similar to the ones I typically do at the office -RRB- without any difficulty -LRB- although I 'm not sure if I 'll use the percent key or just multiply by the decimal equivalent in future -RRB- ; balancing the checkbook and checking my spouse 's math on the taxes look like they should be easy enough , too.If I had the storage space for a larger printing calculator , I would probably not have purchased this one . Since I do n't have a kid-proof place to leave this set up long-term at home , though -LRB- something about long rolls of paper is such a kid magnet ! -RRB- , this model is the best compromise solution I can come up with . -LRB- I plan to keep the little plastic bag with the instruction sheet secured to the calculator in storage , though ; without daily use , memorizing the important parts of the instructions is going to take a while . -RRB-
 I 've owned a Casio calculator for years . That isuntil one my of cats used it to express her/hislove for me.The one I had was discontinued so I bought theHR-8TM . It 's just as good as my old one.Easy to make no nonsense entries etc. I have just one wish - that it included a formatfor calcing time-hours , minutes , and a format foryardage . As a sewer this would have been great.Otherwise no complaints . If one of these wereincluded I would award 5 stars instead of 4 . I 'd buy another Casio if this one craps out.No pun intended LOL .
 I am teaching our two kids caligraphy and not having to dip the pen in ink is saving a messy step and the process is less daunting . The kids love it .
 I love these caligraphy markers and was happy to find them again . Same good quality as always !
 I gave a few of these kits to my nephews , and they were a big hit . I was told it was the best gift they 've received in years . Kids seem to be into calligraphy these days . The only issue is that in this small kit multiple nibs -LRB- and ink colors -RRB- are used by the same pen body , which means a lot of cleaning . There is another kit option sold by Amazon by the same maker having separate pens for the various nibs , which I would recommend if you want to avoid that problem .
 The Sharpie calligraphic markers are terrific ... they turn bad handwriting into good!Sharpie Calligraphic Water Based Marker Starter Set , 5 Colored Markers -LRB- 40050SH -RRB- Sharpie Calligraphic Water Based Marker Starter Set , 5 Colored Markers -LRB- 40050SH -RRB- Great choice for lots of projects or just writing .
 Works wonderful for all my calligraphy needs in golf class . Much cheaper here than any other place I looked .
 Love these markers . Not only are they simple to use but they last so long and make your handwriting look fabulous . I just wish they would make them in more colors !!!
 I use these for colored zentangles and really like the sharp points.They seem to last quite a long time , too .
 These are fun calligraphy pens and they are hard to find . They work great and help make calligraphy letters easier .
 These magnet clips for your fridge r the best they hold extremely well ! To say the least !! These magnets r made with good durable quality material !!! And if u like holding pictures up on your fridge these r the way too go !! I must say the quality is excellent that went into making these magnetics . Now I must say this seller took forever in a day to get the magnetics out to me slow !!! Though packaged professionally !! That is about all I can say !! For this seller !!! Very disgusted with the seller them selves but not in this product !! In fact I would highly recomend these magnets for Friends and family !! Best product !! KC .
 I had been looking for a Dachshund mouse pad that had a variety of the breeds , and this mouse pad is perfect . The artwork is beautiful and the saying , well if you own a Dachshund , you know the saying hits it on the head . Would recommend this mouse pad to any Dachshund computer user .
 Was happy with this purchase initially because of how fine the paper is shredded and how quiet the unit is . Then after about 6 months the special slot for shredding credit cards and DVD/CDs stopped working -LRB- should have taken it back then -RRB- and after about a year , the shredder itself started jamming incessantly even with single sheets . Have maintained it regularly , however , upon closer inspection of the blades noticed several of the plastic separators were missing on one side of the blade where it was geting jammed.Called Fellowes who 's only initial assistance was to point out how frequently the machine needed to be oiled -LRB- despite repeatedly indicating that I was oiling it -RRB- and pointing me to their site for refurbished units . After reviewing the call logs , however , -LRB- very happy to know at least some companies do this :-RRB- , received a call from Fellowes indicating they would replace the defective unit . They have since shipped me a new unit with a shipping label to return the defective unit.Every product manufactured will run into an issue at some point . It 's good to know that Fellowes takes customer support seriously and is willing to stand behind their products when there 's an issue like the one I experienced.If you 're not set on the fine grained shredding , would recommend a standard confetti cutter which should be less prone to breakdown as the blades are further apart and less likely to cut into the plastic separators.The star rating is a mix of initial experience with the product and support -LRB- 2 star -RRB- and higher-level customer support -LRB- 5 star -RRB- , so netted at 4 because it is rare to find a company that pays close enough attention to call logs to address issues like this . Kudos to Fellowes for turning a not so good experience into a fine one .
 This really is n't a confetti-cut shredder . Most people would call it a micro-shredder . The result is more akin to dust than what most people know to be confetti . This is my third Fellowes shredder . All have performed extremely well . This one takes the act of shredding to an entirely new level . It is quiet , will shred credit cards with ease and also do cd/dvd 's through a separate strip cutter . Short of disassembling your documents molecule by molecule , there is nothing on the market that will destroy your documents as thoroughly as this . At least not in the realm of consumer products . Using the 450C guarantees your documents will never be recovered . Ever . The 450C grinds your docs to dust . My only gripe is the light duty nature of this model . Four or five sheets at a time is usually it 's limit . It overheats fairly easily as well but for light duty , cost effective shredding that results in unrecoverable data , this is the way to go .
 The product worked when I got it , is very quite , and has given me no problems so far . My research into these units showed that there are problems with just about every manufacturer and model . I replaced a unit specific to Office Depot that self-destructed after only a brief period . The Fellowes unit seemed to have the fewest complaints . What a way to buy a product . At least at this point , the new unit works well and I would recommend it .
 THIS is the shredder of dreams ! For the first few days I ran as many papers through as I could find , for fun , and could n't get over how my papers were turned to a very fine , almost sawdust . Now I feel I 'm securly disposing of paper , unopened envelopes , multiple pages at the same time , and even credit cards!I can also see that if I wanted to make my own shreds for gift wrap , I could run colored paper through and it would look great . It operates very quietley as well . The reason I 'm not giving 5 starts however , is the mess it makes when it 's tme to empty the paper bin . Pieces are stuck to the inside through static , and get all over my floor . Emptying the bin always requires the Swiffer and a vacuum as well . I can live with this , because I otherwise love the thing .
 Burned out a number of shredders over the years so decided to buy this one that was more expensive than previous ones I had . It has been holding up well . The only reason it is not getting 5 stars is because i do not like the divided basket . Top has 2 slots for shreds to go into separate parts of baskets . I think the smaller slot is for cards and items like that . But because the basket is divided , I can not put a plastic trash bag into it the way i did with previous shredder I had . Fellows sells special bags for this shredder , as a sample was enclosed in the box . But I can not be bothered paying for special bags that cost more than the recycling bags that I need to use for paper trash . So I have been using the shredder without a bag in it , and I just empty the basket into a recycling bag when it is full .
 It does everything I expected ! The size is right for me . I like the micro shred size and feel safe it can not be reconstructed
 We set this up in the corner of our living area and shred everything with personal info ... after having to take out fraud alert . The microshredding is amazing . No trace of identity . It 's sturdy and efficient . I shredded five years worth of business financials quickly . Wish the fine paper did have static cling , but a terrific investment in safety for us .
 Best shredder I 've ever had and at a great price too ! I had a Fellowes shredder that I thought was adequate , until I plugged the power cord from the new Fellowes MS-450 into the wall socket and powered it up . The first thing I noticed is how quiet the MS-450 is -- even while shredding paper I can still hear conversations , or the TV -- not always possible with my &#34; old &#34; Fellowes . And while the old Fellowes did an &#34; adequate &#34; job of shredding , the pieces that were left were in a somewhat legible state ! Not a problem with my new Fellowes Powershred MS-450Cs -- it totally annihilates the paperwork -- there 's no putting it back together with the MS-450Cs .
 This shredder is simply amazing ! Although it is only rated at a modest 7 sheets , which it will digest quite easily , it is still an impressive machine . I was particularly interested in it because of the MicroShred feature . Most standard cross-cut shredders cut pieces a little too large for my preference . This thing reduces paper to tiny particles - and I do mean tiny ! They are about 1/6 the size of a typical cross-cut shredder ! I 've never seen anything quite like it - they look like small gravel in the basket . Putting 7 sheets of 20-lb paper thru it was no effort at all for this machine . It 's also extremely quiet -- it hums rather than growls.The CD and credit card shredder is a separate , strip-cut slot which can also devour thick pieces of unopened junk mail without missing a beat . The CD shreds drop into a small tray which sits on top of the paper basket . If you need high sheet capacity , consider its big brother the MS-460Cs , which cuts 10 sheets but carries a much higher price tag . But for a typical home or small office , this machine has plenty of capacity .
 If it shredded any finer I 'd call it powder . I never expected such a high degree of security from a home shredder . Fellowes calls the MS-450Cs output `` confetti '' ; I think it 's more like sawdust ! Like me , if you 're sick of screening each page to tear the corner with the staple off before you feed it in , then this is the shredder for you . The MS-450Cs puts a smile on my face each time it quietly - very quietly - munches on small staples . A small price to pay for personal peace-of-mind . I need it to shred all those * & # @ rewrites of my novels.James Ide , The Nintoku Incident
 It 's called a Confetti Cut shredder but it 's more like a micro cut . Really fine pieces , almost to a dust . My only objection is that some of the important parts are made of flimsy plastic . I had to send the first one back because of broken parts . Other than that this is an excellent shredder . I would recommend but be careful sliding the trash can back after cleaning .
 I usually do n't waste my time writing reviews , but I felt the need to for this shredder . I am the type to research the heck out of things before buying and after having several shredders die on me -LRB- ranging from $ 40 - $ 100 -RRB- I decided I needed to up the ante . I read mannnny reviews on mannnny sites and settled one this one-Glad I did.This shredder is AWESOME . I have had it for about 3 months and love it . This is not a shredder-it 's a paper annihilator !!! ... the paper comes out in squares less than 1/8 '' by 1/8 '' - TINY.I use it mainly for junk mail , bank statements etc. and it easily handles multiple and thick papers.It 's REALLY quiet too and does not need to be emptied often . Keep a check on the shred level , once it 's about 3/4 full in the front window , shake the bin a little before opening and all the `` dust '' settles , push down to compress and you have another week or so before you need to empty . Shake the bin before emptying and you have no shred mess .
 My beloved 450cs has finally given up the ghost , a little over two years from the time I bought it -LRB- of course it exceeded the excess warranty I purchased from Staples -RRB- . It appears to be so well jammed up that the mechanism does not move when paper is inserted into it , though the detector still detects paper so that the engine activates . I have used it in a semi-commercial way , for large scale shredding of a lot of stuff in the basement . Often these days , after a half hour or so , the engine overheats and the machine needs to rest . Unlike some , it has a red indicator light that indicates that it is overheated , and if I let it rest for 5-10 minutes or so , I can resume . I am not happy to have to put this to rest , as I wanted more years out of it . Still , I am considering buying another , as it is the best shredder I have ever owned , except for my Fellowes strip cut shredder that I use in my office . And which , of course , they do n't make anymore.I felt like I was overpaying for this when I bought it -LRB- not here , for $ 200 -RRB- , but it even feels like a value at that price . My only complaint about the machine is that it does not live up to its advertised billing of a 7-sheet capacity . I think I can get seven sheets shredded if they are inserted exactly right , but it often balks . Still , paper tends NOT to jam , the opposite of every shredder I have ever used . The most it would take would be a gentle tug with some pliers and even the overload went right through . Considering I have spent literally hours unplugging some low grade models -LRB- the Office Depot Ativa comes to mind -RRB- this was really unbelievable . And all of the things that others are saying are true . It is SO QUIET !! I have never used a shredder while my daughter is going to sleep without disturbing her ! And the microshredding is very easy to bag for recycling . The childproofing -LRB- and adult-proofing -RRB- apprears to work really well -- the maching does not work if a finger gets to close to it.I am favorably impressed and expect this unit to last . It seems well built and fundamentally better than any shredder I 've ever used , even at the higher price . I am probably going to buy another one for my office .
 I got this shredder for the 2mm x 8mm small particle sizes that it produces when shredding paper . Most other home or small office cross-cut shredders produce particle sizes at least twice that size , where it 's still possible for particles of paper to be large enough to read the balance of an account , a phone number , or the full names of individuals . While the typical cross-cut shredders can still protect you fairly well from someone reconstructing a full address with an institution name and account number , I prefer to not even allow little tidbits of information to go through . The 2mm x 8mm particle size of the MS-450cs is probably the largest size that one can consider truly secure for home or business use , at least in my view , if you do n't want anybody to even get little tidbits of information . It 's probably overkill if you are n't that concerned about it . One usually has to spend many hundreds of dollars to get a paper shredder that produces the particle sizes of the fellowes MS-450cs -LRB- or it 's big brother , the MS-460cs -RRB- . So if high security is your thing , if you do n't want to spend hundreds and hundreds of dollars , and if you only need something for moderate usage , then this shredder is one of the few options currently available . It also comes with a bottle of paper shredder oil and some clear trash bags to fit the shredder . I really like the fact that I do n't have to remove staples or paper clips too . It feels well built , and the disposal bin is easy to remove and replace . Little particles of paper still get loose on the floor while cleaning out the bin , but that is inevitable when you have particles sizes this small . I would also have liked to have a shredder that could shred a few more sheets of paper in one pass , but I did n't want to spend more money -LRB- as for the MS-460cs -RRB- , and I did n't want a shredder that took up too much space . All in all , the MS-450cs was the right compromise for me , without compromising high security .
 This item is very quiet and shreds paper , credit cards , computer disks , etc. with a cut that nearly pulverizes it . Perfect for small businesses who need to dispose of customer credit card information and in general , feel confident that your data can not be reconstructed .
 I bought the MS-450Cs because it shreds smaller than anything else you will find at the consumer level . Shreds end up being about 1/2 the size of an unstapled-staple . Or if you are a levenger binder user , about the size of a chad . Really small.If you 've been saving up your shred material for months , be prepared to shred in cycles as this shredder will heat up fairly fast -LRB- 3-4 minutes continuous use -RRB- . It has an automatic shut-down feature when it gets hot . The cool down does n't take that long.After shredding the material that I had been saving for months , it has never heated up on me again with my everyday junk mail.I 'd buy this again in a heartbeat !!! 4 stars instead of 5 because of the price - but if you want small shreds , you 'll have to spend the money
 Two things about this shredder :1 . Data recovery . No one will be able to piece back together anything shredded by the MS-450C . Paper is simply shred that finely . Better than anything else I 've ever seen .2 . Quietness . Perhaps I should 've put this first . I can shred while my wife sleeps in the next room , something I never would have attempted before.Please , do your research , check opinions on other shredders , whatever you need to do . But you will come back to buy this model . Absolutely no bad things to say about it . The CD/DVD shredder part is actually a different feed than the paper shredder , a feature not seen on many machines . By that I mean not only is there a different slot , but it has a different method of shredding them.I 've had this machine about a month now . Love it !
 I have bought this shredder before and it is still my shredder of choice . It shreds documents into extremely fine particles and is relatively quiet -LRB- as shredders go -RRB- .
 I have a home office and a lot of paper flow that requires shredding on a regular basis . After a lot of research I decided to purchase this shredder and I am totally happy with this decision . Yes , after using it for some time , it does get a bit warm and I have to take a brake for maybe 15 minutes or so , but that 's normal with every shredder anyway . Small and does a great job !
 Well , every office needs one ! Did n't want to invest in something large and sturdier but this is great . It 's solid and serves the purpose in the office ! No problems .
 Needed to replace a 10 year old Fellowes that has always worked like a champ until the motor burnt out and it was n't worth fixing it . The first thing I was in awe over was how quiet it is !! I work in a small office and with my old shredder I had to save up my shredding and close the door otherwise people could n't hear their phone conversations . Now it 's not an issue at all . I do n't do heavy duty shredding - mostly 1-5 sheets at a time several times per day but the shredder works great . A lot of shredded material fits in the attached trash container also .
 Lots of caqpacity . If you keep it lubed , it 's a shredding beast . Like the crosscut pattern . More secure than linear type .
 Purchased this to replace an old Fellowes cross shredder that had seen better days . The old shredder was very loud . By comparison , the MS-450Cs is whisper quiet . So far , after two bins of shredding , it does an excellent job . Paper is chopped into tiny bits -LRB- like confetti -RRB- that are much finer than my old cross shredder .
 Had a Fellowes shredder previously but did n't give it a break to cool down and burned it out . This replacement cross shredder is incredibly quiet and so efficient . The debris is so small and compact that it allows you to shred so much more before emptying . The credit card shredder has a small box that clips onto the bigger basket to catch the shreds so it keeps it separate from the paper shredded waste . I 'd highly recommend it . The extra bottle of lubricant I ordered was also very reasonable and a nice large size .
 We have used our shredder over the last few weeks and so far it has worked very well . The paper shredding is cut into very fine particles.The one thing that I think is a concern is the credit card shredding . We had some old credit cards that we shredded , but it only cuts the cards into strips and does not do the cross cut . So we would cut the strips into pieces with sissors after running them into the shreader . Not a real big deal but just not comfortable leaving credit cards in strips only.Other than that the machine itself works great .
 In one word this shredder is AWESOME ! No one could possibly reassemble any document after shredding on the Fellowes MS-450C . The paper shards are just that fine . Not quite dust but close ! Would highly recommend this product for home use .
 The machine is quiet and thorough in cutting up documents into small pieces . It has an auto stop feature to prevent overheating . It also has a safety feature to prevent hands from getting too close the the shredder opening . The safety feature can sometimes be activated when there is no hand nearby . It adjusts quickly however . The product fully meets my expectations for home use .
 This shredder works very well turning paper into tiny confetti pieces . I have purchased two of this model . The first one had a defective overheat sensor . It had to be returned to Amazon who immediately sent out a replacement . I am very pleased with the second machine which operates perfectly .
 I 've only had the Fellowes for a short while . So far I 've filled one bag . The shredder I had before was a cross-cut fine shredder , but not this fine . This one produces very small pieces . And it 's easy to see how full the bag is . Also , you can store the bags inside the shredder . And it 's quiet ! No jamming whatsoever , which was always a problem with my first shredder , even though it was not that heavily used.I have n't had to oil it yet . Not sure how to know when , but it comes with a small manual that tells you everything.It does cut credit cards too , but not as fine as it cuts paper . It shreds them into strips , so if you put the card in sideways you could end up with a strip that shows your whole number . The credit cards fall into a separate bin , so you can easily cut them a bit more if needed . It 's way easier than doing the whole job with scissors.It 's taller than my first shredder , but it still fits under a normal table . And it 's on wheels . Wo n't roll that well on a rug but rolls fine on a hard floor.I have yet to know how it will work out long-term , but so far I am quite pleased .
 This is the only shredder I have had that works as advertised . The confetti is really small , CSI would not be able to reconstruct anything shredded in this thing . I have small children and could run the shredder all night with out fear of waking them . It 's been a month and no jams . The catch basin does n't spill all over , it 's not perfect but the best I have seen . The auto stop feature for fingers really does work , great piece of mind for parents.An important note , do not use the CC/CD/DVD shred slot for paper . The space below the CC/CD/DVD is not designed to allow paper to fall away from the blades and will jam up the device . The slot for CC/CD/DVD 's shereds perfectly and the paper slot shreds perfectly but they are not interchangable . I do n't see this as a draw back , each slot does exactly what is is designed to do and does it well.It 's expensive but , if you need security for sensitive personal information this is the right tool for the home office .
 This shredder is definitely one of my better purchases . It 's quiet , easy to use , sturdy , portable , and cuts the paper so small I feel a high degree of confidence and security that the remaining particles could not possibly be used by anyone .
 It 's just what I expected & is working well.By the way , the safe-touch feature is for skin only ; cloth/paper do n't stop the shredder .
 Very quiet operation . Works as stated in product review . Excellent for home or small office . Confetti cut is excellent .
 This shredder lives up to it 's name and the other product reviews . I spent a lot of time reviewing other shredder types and brands before deciding on this one . This product is by far the best product I found for the money . It is much higher quality than the generic models found in the local office supply stores .
 Very quiet ! Tiny confetti cuts are excellent for disposing of confidential material . Would recommend to a friend .
 There were stories when I was a child that would send chills down your spine - stories of a beast that waits in the shadows , quietly waiting to devour everything and leave no trace.It was n't until this year I came face to face with this monster , if you can call it a face - it had two mouths open waiting to consume anything that dared come close . I wanted to see if I could tame this beast , so I extended out some paper to see if it would snatch it out of my hand . No , the beast waited patiently for me to slide the paper into its mouth before it started to consume . But even when the destruction began , there was no noise - just a quiet hum of satisfaction from the belly of the beast as the paper was wiped from existence.This is the most amazing paper shredder I have ever used . SUPER quiet and it does an amazing job at shredding . 5-star quality for sure . I love that it also came with a little bottle of oil for maintenance and included several bags .
 I have like this MICRO CUT SHREDDER . And I will tell you why , today their is a lot of identy theift going in the world . I like this micro cut shredder , because , it cuts it so small they could never put the pieces back together . They are smaller than confetti , and that is a good thing . YOU HAVE TO OIL THE HEAD TWICE A MONTH , and it does not take very much oil , I use shredder oil , not exspensive and it last a long time too . This shredder will destroy cds/dvds / and credit cards , and no one can use them either . This shredder has two heads , one for cds/dvds/credit cards , the other head , is for type writer paper up to 10 sheets at once . It will not shred newspaper or cardboard . But if you get a magizine with your name on it , tear half the cover off and run it through your shredder.The shredder is on wheels , and there is a basket drawer in the front , in the shredder . If you pull the drawer out , the shredder tuerns off , put drawerin , turns back off . It also ha a sensativety bar on top so if you touch the bar that goes arround the shredder openings , the shredder will stop until you take your finger off , then the shredder will complete it 's job than shut off automaticaly . It has a green light that shows you , it is on . There is a switch at the sise , that you can shut down the shredder completely . There is another switch that is red to turn the sensor bar on or off , leave it on , for your protection . It also has a long cord , but no cord tender on back of shredder . When the machine is running , and you touch sensor bar a yellow light comes on and machine stops , take finger of sensor shredder completes job and shuts down . I HIGHLY RECCOMMEND THIS FELLOWES MICRO-CUT SHREDDER.Jim in Ohio
 I 've had my Powershred for a week . It absolutely pulverizes whatever I put into it . The fragments are so small that bin emptying is infrequent and painless . I would buy this unit again .
 In this day and age of Identity theft , my 7 year old shredder , an Aurora from a K-Mart , a cross-cut shredder , noisily left shreds too large for my comfort . This puppy quietly and quickly creates unreadable microshreds . I especially liked that all Fellows shredders are Underwriters Laboratory -LCB- UL -RCB- certified . Seems like all the store brands at the local National office supply stores are not , and I thus consider them unsafe , and not suitable for batch shredding . Five minutes before it might stop to cool off is forever compared to other shredders I tested . As a bonus , this puppy will cut CDs , DVDs and Credit cards into nice small strips ; using a 2nd slot . The bin is a nice large size , and held 3 years of statements from banks and brokers that I shredded , and then emptied completely into a standard large brown paper Grocery Store bag for recycling . I especially liked being able to shred many junk mailings -LRB- still sealed in their envelope -RRB- from bogus Vacations I had `` won '' , and other scams and junk mail.If one is going to shred more than 3 things at a time , I feel a UL label is mandatory for one 's safety . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Great micro shredder , a little pricey , takes a few minutes to cool down once heated but i take a lot of shredding to get it that hot . It is everything that the product description says it is
 Just purchased my 2nd one and definitely like this shredder . While more costly than other shredders this one produces the confetti cut which are tiny scraps of paper as opposed to bigger pieces of paper that still leave information readable . This shredder rarely jams and when it does I can just push the button and it will fight through its own jam and shred the paper , truly a workhorse.The safety mechanism of touching anywhere on the top to stop the shredder works great . I did notice that as my last shredder got older it would sometimes stop when shredding envelopes with the clear window because that clear area would touch the safety mechanism causing it to stop so I would just slide another piece of paper between the shredder and the plastic to have it continue .
 I 've seen descriptive words such as saw dust , confetti , etc , but I wouldcategorize the produced mulch as ` wood shavings ' ... about the size of agrain of rice . Too fine to place in the paper recycling container -LRB- paperrecycling prefers large or long -LRB- grained -RRB- paper . I 've been reading onvarious ways to recycle the chads produced by the Fellowes MS-450cs andwill try mixing them in with the yard waste and seeing how it decomposes.Notwithstanding all the above , this is a great shredder . Quiet , 5-7 sheetsat a time , finely shredded , relatively low cost ... what more can one ask for ? a big thumbs up !
 Before purchasing this shredder I looked at several other models and brands . This is by far the best product I have found in this price range . I like all of its features but especially the shutdown/high temperature feature with the red warning light . This allows the unit sufficient cooling time between big job runs . Remember to always oil the cutters every time you empty the cuttings to extend the life of your unit . I would highly recommend this unit for both home and business office use .
 This would be a 5 star purchase except for the fact that the Safe Sense technology stopped working . So it now gets 4 starts . Luckily there is a Safe Sense bypass switch that still allows operation . Troubleshooting did not resolve the issue and I 'll have to contact Fellowes for the next steps under warranty.I like the quiet power of this unit . I am a noise snob and the el cheapo brand we had previously was very noisy . The Fellowes Powershred MS-450Cs is very quiet and faster than my old shredder . For years we have made sure than no mail hits the recycling bin with our name or address on it and we could n't be any happier with the security the `` confetti cut '' provides.I would definitely recommend this product even though I must have got a lemon that malfunctioned after three weeks.Update : Has it really been 3 years ? The Safe Sense failed again a few months back , but the shredder is still a workhorse . We 've recycled countless bags of confetti that used to be our mail . In retrospect , it was probably a bit more shredder than we needed , but it is better to have too much power -LRB- and too much quiet -RRB- than too little .
 I bought this as a replacement for an old Fellowes strip shredder -LRB- which still works fine by the way -RRB- . Everything is as advertised - it 's very quiet and reduces the shredded paper down to vitually nothing . OK - so the micro-shred might be a bit over the top in the sense that a cross cut or confetti cut shredder are more than suitable for 99.99 % of all shredding needs , but I still like it nonetheless . If I had one complaint , it 's that the credit card and CD cutter simply strip shred . You may want to go for an additional pass - either that or keep the scissors handy .
 Well worth the price if you care about security or just have a penchant for turning junk mail into teeny-tiny bits of junk mail.This shredder replaced an old strip cut shredder used for destroying junk mail . The old strip cut shredder , while less expensive , was loud , ineffective and did n't provide good security . This shredder is super quiet , consumes the average junk mail , credit card offer or even the thicker cell phone bill in a single pass leaving only the tiniest bits of paper.The shredder is so good that it becomes very easy to run nearly all the junk mail I get through it . Now I only take the paper out of the envelope -LRB- so I can unfold the contents for easier feeding into the machine -- not too much of a burden -RRB- and let the shredder do its job . I 'd give it more than 5 stars if it were possible !
 This shredder is excellent . It works quickly and quietly shredding documents into fine confetti . My husband -LRB- a total gadget man -RRB- absolutely loves it !
 This unit is much quieter than the shredder it replaced , and I feel more comfortable with the micro-cut as an added security measure . It is exactly what I needed and it has been performing beautifully !
 Bought this a few days ago to replace my Office Max shredder which quit working after a couple of years . I am so pleased - heavy duty , QUIET , just extremely well made , hats off to Fellowes .
 Length :
 I 've owned a few shredders over the years and with some , if you 've got time on your hands - and patience - you could totally reconstruct the supposedly shredded documents . With this shredder , there 's no way that would ever happen - I do n't care what kind of time you have on your hands ! When I first started using it , I got a stack of seven papers I wanted to shred , and looked in the basket after it was done . I kid you not - it looked like the paper equivalent of saw dust , lol.There 's a safety feature where if you touch the surface near the shred area , its supposed to terminate the shredding process - that works great!The only part I have yet to try is the CD/Credit Card shredding slot , which if it works as well as the other parts/features of the shredder , I will be very happy with my purchase ! : -RRB-
 I am so amazed with this shredder.First off , it is extremely quiet ! Like nothing I have ever experienced . It 's amazing.Once I got over how quiet it was I noticed the size of the shred . It is very , very small . I live in San Francisco city proper . People go through our trash/recycling . I now feel really secure that my important information is securely discarded.This shredder has a great feature that senses when fingers are near and automatically stops shredding . At first I thought this would be annoying , but I realized that it 's not a problem at all . I imagine that if a household had curious little fingers roaming about this would be an even nicer feature to have.I also love that it 's on wheels . It makes it really easy to move around and get out of the way.Lastly , I love how Fellowes was environmentally responsible with their choice of packing . I was pleasantly surprised that instead of styrofoam they used what looked like recycled cardboard . It made disposal of packaging a breeze .
 What a great paper shredder ! If you want personal security at a price you can afford , this is the one . Multiple sheets are gobbled and the resulting particles are so fine you will never have to be concerned . I have not used it long enough to speak to reliability , but the cutting mechanism is well made . One note of caution
 fast shipping , great shredder . bags are too big - do n't fit right - you struggle to push the basket all the way in.very quiet !!
 I shred EVERYTHING with my name and address on it . This shredder grinds into very small pieces , so it is unmatched for security at this price point . Moreover , since it does not produce long one-quarter-inch-wide strips that typically `` bunch up '' -LRB- like cheaper machines do -RRB- , one can shred more pages before having to empty the container . There is no practical way someone can determine personal information from the shredded material that is produced with this machine . I thought it an excellent value for the money .
 The shredder arrived well ahead of schedule . I 've had it for almost a month and it works great ... well worth the price .
 This is a great shredder ! It even shreds credit cards , CDs and DVDs into tiny confetti . It does overheat after about 10 minutes of continuous use -LRB- I was cleaning out my office -RRB- , and takes a while to recover -LRB- couple hours -RRB- , but my fear of identity theft has certainly decreased .
 The Fellowes Powershred MS-450Cs truly provides a higher degree of security by shredding your documents into the smallest confetti that I 've come across . It is very effective for light office use . If you 're constantly shredding a lot of documents over an extended period , I strongly suggest choosing the next model up from the 450CS as it tends to heat up and stops to cool off for at least 25 minutes after 15 minutes of continuous use .
 I bought this shredder after researching it online and reading the reviews . I have had the $ 30.00 shredder , too painful , too loud , too slow and too easy to see the info . even after I shredded it , this is true confetti , mulch like . I have no worries about data being left . It also zipped through CD 's with no problem , I am confident this will be the only shredder I ever need.It 's also incredibly quiet , which impressed me immediately . The safety feature is amazing , no way children can get in there , any fingers at all , it has a sensor that just wo n't allow this to happen . It 's on rollers , so if you need to move it , no problem there.I highly recommend this shredder , especially if you want to be sure your checks , credit info , statements , etc. are completely destroyed.By the way , the shredding makes for good packing materialif you ship a lot or want to stay `` green '' it 's a nice way to recycle .
 I really like this shredder . I have used it for many months now . Indeed , I have been so satisfied with this shredder that I purchased a second one . It seems that I can often find fault with most products , and therefore rarely award five stars , but this one does all I that I expect for the price . The shredded bits are as small as any I 've seen , and the shredding itself is relatively quiet . I like the safety feature which turns it off when accidentally touched near the feeder , and I also appreciated the instance when the device averted over-heating itself -LRB- temporarily shut itself down , and displayed an associated indicator light -RRB- during one of my more ambitious shredding sessions . That was an atypical continuous-use campaign , and the shredder has never failed me during normal daily use .
 This shredder is excellent . It works quickly and quietly shredding documents into fine confetti . Had other fellows shredders and this one has been the best.Came very quickly . Well worth the price . Would recommend to a friend . Thanks Amazon .
 I purchased this product in Dec. 2008 and it works great . When shredding it makes a very very low humming sound which is great compared to the other shredders I 've had . There are only two drawbacks to this model , the credit card destruction does n't create confetti , instead it cuts the card up as if you were using scissors and you can still see the individual 's name and card number . The second drawback is the automatic shutoff sensor . Even though it 's suppose to shutdown after 7 - 8 minutes , it shuts down at 5 minutes . So if you have a big pile to shred , you 're going to be at the shredder for a while . But the shredder is definitely worth the inconvenience .
 Great Shredder at a great price -LRB- free shipping too -RRB- . Got this shredder before Christmas priced at $ 100 less than Office Depot . It works great and is super quiet !! Has handled everything I 've thrown at it and if you 're concerned about security , the resulting shredded output is miniscule and curled up . No way anyone is putting these `` shreds '' back together again . Highly recommend !!
 The Fellowes Powershred MS-450Cs Safe Sense 7-sheet Confetti Cut Shredder has performed very well since purchased . It is very quiet and shreds paper to tiny bits -LRB- so you do not have to worry about private information being found in the trash -RRB- . It also does a pretty good job on credit cards and CD 's . The size of the MS-450Cs is good for office or home and the safety feature -LRB- it shuts off when it senses your hand is too close -RRB- is nice . It is easy to operate and empty . The only thing you may want to know is that the MS-450Cs needs to be shut down to cool off every so often -LRB- this is explained in the instructions -RRB- . So if you have reams and reams of paper to shred , you will need to be patient and do a little bit at a time . So far -LRB- one month -RRB- we are quite happy with this product .
 I bought this item a month ago and have never had a shredder quite like this.It is so quiet , you ca n't hear it in the next room . . There is no difference in sound or speed from one page to six.I defy anybody to put together three letters in a row.Sawdust.As for the mess I read about , I do n't know what they are doing.I highly recommend this product .
 The MS450Cs is super quite and pulverizes paper . I would not recommend it for someone that has a lot of shredding to do at one time -LRB- needs a cool down period after about 10 minutes or so of shredding ... I do n't recall the exact threshold time just an estimate -RRB- or if you have bulky items to shred -LRB- 7 pages is its limit -RRB- . It can handle the majority of our junk mail without having to open the envelopes , but there is the occasional item that is too thick and causes it to jam . Since we use it at our house we have neither mass shredding nor much bulk so it is perfect for us . Not overly messy when you open the bin , holds a lot of shredded paper , and is super quite ... highly recommend for the home or small office .
 I really love this shredder , and the only reason that I am not giving it 5 stars is that it does not run for more than about 5 minutes without overheating . That 's with heavy use.Having said that , the features and performance are amazing . The micro-shred is fantastic - I 'll never go back to a cross-cut shredder . It looks great , and the wastebasket is large and very easy to manage . The credit card/CD shredder works well , and the separate bin is a nice touch.All in all I heartily recommend this to anyone unless you are in a big hurry to shred a lot of documents . With the relatively short run time you will be doing a lot of waiting . But for `` everyday '' use I think this is the one to get .
 I love this shredder . It 's well built . You can move it easily because it has rollers . It 's quiet . I am a very satisfied customer .
 This paper shredder cuts paper into shreds 1/4 '' long and 1/16 '' wide . That means a piece of 81/2 '' x 11 '' paper turns into 5,984 micro cut shreds.Suffice it to say , your document will not be reassembled.When the machine is shredding paper , it is very quiet . Someone asleep in an adjacent room would not be disturbed.When shredding CD 's and credit cards , the machine cuts strips and is slightly louder than when cutting paper.There is a built in safety feature that shuts the machine off if your hand gets too close to the blade opening while the machine is running . Also , there is a reverse button to help clear jams.The bags that come with it are far too large for the bin . I choose not to use a bag and just empty it into a larger trash can when it is full . It also come with a bottle of shredder oil.The power cord is 5 feet long.Overall , I 'm very satisfied with my purchase .
 Had purched a number of cheaper machines through the years . Mainly because they were cheap and worked . Then got sick of buying new ones all the time and decided to invest a little more for a quality machine . I swear this thing could eat nails ! ... It 's so quiet and powerful that you will be amazed too . And shreds to tiny pieces . . no strips ... GREAT ITEM ! The paper slot will chew up a cedit card and it has a separate slot for CD 's ... also a sefety feature built in , so if little hands get too close it will automatically shut down ... Nice , especially if you have liitle kids .
 I have been pleased with the performance of the shredder so far . We are able to shred about six pieces at a time and it will run for about 10 minutes before it has to cool down . I was disappointed though when I realized the auto shut off that is supposed to occur when a finger touches the area around the opening does not respond to little fingers . It appears that toddler sized fingers do not register . I am going to contact the company to find out if this is a known malfunction .
 I purchased the Fellowes Powershred MS-450Cs shredder here on Amazon about six months ago . So far , I have had ABSOLUTELY NO PROBLEMS with this machine . This shredder is great for home use . It is super quiet . It operates at a whisper noise level -LRB- you could use this shredder in a room where someone is sleeping without waking them up -RRB- . Also , the Safe Sense feature is great - especially if you have children . The Safe Sense feature stops the shredder immediately if someone touches any part of the silver area around either of the shredder 's entry slots . The security level is great , too . Papers are reduced to very small dimensions . All of this and at a reasonable price . What more could you want?Buy the Fellowes Powershred MS-450Cs shredder NOW if you need a GREAT shredder that : - is for HOME or SMALL OFFICE use . - is EXTREMELY QUIET . - has great safety features . - offers excellent security . - offers all of the above features at a reasonable price.The Fellowes Powershred MS-450Cs shredder is NOT FOR YOU if : - you are purchasing it for BUSINESS USE and are trying to get large office , business-level performance and high security without paying for it . - you are prone to use office equipment beyond its design limitations . - you put off shredding until you have mountains of documents to shred . - you do n't empty your shredder until it is over-filled . You will see negative reviews here where people rate this shredder low for various reasons . Most of the negative reviews are the result of using the machine beyond its intended design . This shredder is designed for home or small office use . If you need to power through mountains of papers in a single sitting without regard for carefully feeding the papers into the machine , then you 'll have to spend the money to buy a machine that is designed to handle that type of use case.Some reviewers rate this machine lower because small pieces of paper escape when they empty the machine . This is due to over-filling the waste receptacle . An easy way to prevent this from happening is to empty the machine at regular intervals before the waste receptacle is over-filled . In fact , the Fellowes Powershred MS-450Cs shredder provides a window on the front of the waste receptacle so that you can easily monitor the paper level .
 I bought this earlier this month from Amazon -LRB- $ 172.04 & free shipping , -RRB- and have found it to be a wonderful replacement for my Royal confetti heavy duty shredder which died after years of trouble-free , but very noisy , use.My chief concern was small , very small , cross-cut shreds with at least being able to shred 5 sheets at once.This does that , plus more . The most amazing thing is the teeny , teeny size of the shred . It 's almost dust-like . No one could put those pee-wee pieces back together . I 'm feeling nice & secure with it.It takes its advertised 7 sheets at a time with no problem . I 've also done a few CDs and plastic cards ; again no problem.I 'm used to a faster machine so this seems a tad slow but that 's a very minor downside for me . What 's wondrous is how quiet it is in operation . It almost silent when shredding . That 's QUITE a change from my old Royal but let me confess
 I was recently sitting at my computer desk looking at a rather hefty pile of bank statements , credit card `` pre approved ! '' offers , and old insurance papers from my truck and motorcycle . After letting it pile up for a couple months because I really was n't feeling enthusiastic about dragging out the old `` Staples '' brand six-sheet cheapo and grinding through the stack , I realized that it was high time for something of an improvement.Enter the internet . After considerable research , Fellowes constantly came out on top of the heap for consumer-grade shredders . My budget for the item ran to only $ 200 , so any of the large , commercial units was well out of reach . Within that category , this and one other Fellowes model came to the head of the pack . The final decision was made at our local retailer where I went to examine both of them hands-on . They were out of stock on the other model , which made the decision nice and simple!When I brought it home and opened the box , I was pleasantly surprised to see that they had NOT skimped on packaging for this unit . It was held very securely inside a set of molded `` pith '' type cardboard spacers , and wrapped inside a plastic bag . The shredder drawer contained the manual and a bottle of oil in a separate bag , along with the little sub-tray that goes under the CD-shredding port to catch the plastic so you can still recycle the paper shreds . The cord even had a nifty little plug-protector slid onto it , to prevent the prongs of the plug from being bent or damaged in shipping . Once I had it out of the box -LRB- not a small task , this thing is HEAVY and fits tightly into the packaging -RRB- I rolled it over to the plug on the included little wheels -LRB- work great on our hardwood floors , not so well on our carpet -RRB- and headed off to get my pile of papers to dispose of . By the time I got back to the shredder , my father had already found it . I still have n't been able to get my own documents shredded , he 's been too busy emptying out the three large drawers full of the same kind of paperwork he 'd been building up for a couple years!In use , the first thing I noticed was the lack of noise ! The loudest sound in the shredding process is the crinkling of the paper as it 's pulled into the slot . The motor itself is a muffled hum , and the shredder teeth make sort of a `` crunchety '' sound as they reduce the paper into tiny bits . And I do mean tiny , these things look like you took a shred from our other shredder , and ran it through a proportionally smaller shredder another time . I ca n't imagine how you could re-construct anything from these tiny bits , you ca n't even find printed letters intact . It is also capable of handling the listed seven sheets without any significant strain aside from the motor sounding like it 's working marginally harder . No noticeable slowing of the paper shredding process at all . As others have mentioned , the duty cycle is a tad short . Running it constantly at four to six sheets per pass as we grabbed them from the drawer and tossed them in , it ran for about seven minutes before the ` overheat ' light popped on and it shut down . Not unexpected , our old cheap-o would n't have even handled that many papers to begin with , much less constantly and reducing them to that tiny of bits ! Just be aware that if you want to shred your entire year 's worth of stashed junk mail , you 're going to do it in chunks , giving the tool some time to cool down in between . This was perhaps the heaviest test of use we could give it , the motor never shut down from the time we started feeding it to the time the overheat telltale came on . If you 're doing standard office shredding where you toss a few pages in every couple of minutes , or disposing of junk mail as it comes in , you 'll never even notice.As an added benefit , the tiny nature of the shreds means that you can stack a LOT of them into the waste pail before it fills up . Unfortunately , it also means that some of them get loose , and static is NOT your friend here . They stick to the plastic waste pail , the side of the shredder , and everything else they come into contact with . I certainly ca n't blame Fellowes for static electricity , though . Just be aware , and have a little dust-buster or something handy to clean up the errant little bits after you 're done emptying the waste basket.Overall , I give this tool four stars ; It 's a good shredder that could be improved a bit . Better cooling on the motor to extend the duty cycle a bit and some kind of better seal to the basket to keep the shreds in would really make it shine . If you do n't mind those minor quibbles , though , the security afforded by the micro-shredding and the silence of the system makes this a very nice addition to the home or home office . I would definitely buy it again , given it 's performance . Have to see how it holds up long-term , but I see no reason this tool wo n't keep performing well for a long time.FOLLOWUP -LRB- 1/9/12 -RRB- -- Now almost a year after purchase , I am still using the unit to dispose of the whole family 's junk mail as it comes in , along with pretty much everything else printed around here . Expired credit cards , bank cards and the like I actually -LRB- do n't tell Fellowes ! -RRB- just toss into the main slot instead of the CD slot . It happily and un-protestingly reduces the cards to the same tiny little bits . Putting them through the CD slot leaves them as long strips that would not be all that hard to re-construct well enough for someone to use the numbers . After shredding in the main slot ? Not a prayer . I 've also learned that if you let it sit and empty the tray BEFORE you start shredding , the static charge has had a chance to deplete and the paper bits are n't quite as enthusiastic about exploring the world . Touch less than one year now , still running and still happy as can be with it !
 I would recommend this Fellowes MS-450Cs to anyone looking for a powerful yet incredibly quiet shredder for home or small office use . The paper output of this shredder leaves no hint at what has just been shredded - it 's truly amazing . The output of the credit card shredded is ` strips ' so I usually shred a second pass in order to turn the strips into squares . Personally , I purchased it to shred mainly junk mail and sensitive paper documents so for that purpose it is incredible . One final note , the catch bin has a sensor which requires that the bin is in place otherwise the shredder will not even Power ON . The first unit I received arrived with the sensor activation piece broken so unfortunately I had to request a replacement . Given the excellent operation of this unit , I would have gladly fixed that part on the first unit and just kept it , but I did not know then what I know now . Nonetheless , in typical AMAZON.com excellence , the replacement arrived in a very short time and I am happy to say that it 's the best value for the money that I could have ever hoped for when buying a shredder .
 I have had this unit for well over 5 months , except for some paper bits not landing in the basket regardless of what I do -LRB- paper bag , etc -RRB- , I like it . It would be a 5 star if it shredded -LRB- even just a crosscut -RRB- the credit cards and cd 's , it just cuts them into strips . This unit is very very quiet and so far very reliable .
 I 've had this for months now , and it is quiet and you can shred a lot before you need to empty it because of the small pieces . I really like it except ... Unless you know someone is assembling your documents from your old strip cut shredder , stay away from these superfine shredders unless they have some sort of filtering system on them . You will have lungs filled with paper dust making a mask necessary , and your room will have a layer of paper dust all over it -LRB- possible fire hazard ? -RRB- . I can also see even more puffs of paper dust flying out the top slots every time I put the bin back in . My next shredder will not cut the pieces that small.I 'm not sure if this is a health or safety hazard yet . I 'm going to contact the product safety forum . So far I 'm not worried about it enough to stop using it . I will get a different shredder when I can .
 Shredder works great ! This Micro-cut shredder exceeded my expectation . Researched shredders for months , before deciding on the Fellowes Powershred MS 450Cs . Was hesitant to purchase because of cost . Well worth the cost and easy to use . If you 're concerned about identity thief , this is the shredder for you .
 Got my shredder and it would n't auto-feed paper . worked fine with the button . called the phone # on the manual , guy diagnosed it as faulty electric eye . He sends me a new one , which arrives within a week , and does n't even need the old one sent back . I guess I 'll try to repair it , or just deal with the manual feed , for a second shredder.oh I forgot to mention I bought this from amazon.com , sent it to a US address , but the replacement was sent to my office in Canada . Fellowes customer service was amazing .
 Been looking for a shredder for home/office use , Glad I found this one , As stated from fellowes , quiet , micro cut , well worth buying!RecommendedA +
 I purchased this product based on all of the positive reviews . I was not disappointed . It does n't quite reduce documents to sawdust like a classified shredder , but this thing shreds documents into such small pieces I 'm finally comfortable using it to destroy credit card statements , medical records , and other sensitive documents a lot of home shredders leave all too easily recoverable . I was a bit skeptical of all the reviews declaring how quiet this shredder runs -- how can a shredder run quietly enough not to wake someone in the next room ? -- but it 's true . This thing is amazingly quiet . Great product at a good price !
 I did my research -LRB- off Amazon -RRB- before settling on this brand . Once I selected the Brand , then I went to Amazon for the best price !!! Years ago , I purchased a shredder from the big box store - and it was junk . Hardly worked , when it did , was sketchy at best . That one went in to the trash !! This is so easy to care for - once the bin is full , empty and oil the top . It will be some time before I fill the bin - since this is used for home office work . Highly recommend this product , it 's very well made - you can tell as soon as you take it out of the box !
 Best shredder I have owned , so I bought another.First one is going on 6 years strong . Still quiet and eats the paper nom nom nomSecond is 4 years strongMake sure you oil regularly
 This shredder , the little brother of thePowershred MS-460Cs Safe Sense 10 sheet Confetti Cut Shredder , does a fine job of chopping bills , credit card offers , tax records , and junk mail into unrecognizable mincemeat . I really like the micro-shred feature , since cross-cut shredders leave pieces large enough to hold a credit-card or social-security number.It 's best if you oil frequently -- 2 to 3 times per binful -- following the included instructions . Also , since junk mail often contains adhesives , plastic , or even coins , you should really go to the trouble of opening the envelope and shredding paper free of gunk and foreign objects.I bought this for my home and the 460CS for a separate professional office . They 're both working like champs .
 This is hands down the best shredder I 've ever owned in the last 10 years . I had mostly 80-150 dollar shredders , but decided to spend a little more for a quality item . I 'm very glad I spent the extra money ! The pull out can is great , as is confetti shredding , the added safety feature that stops the machine if you touch the metal top is an added bonus . I consider myself a `` light '' user , shredding about 10-12 pages per day . This shredder is quiet , efficient and have never had any issues . I oil the shredder after every 2 full baskets and it still runs like new . I highly recommend !
 I received my shredder and was so pleased with all its features . Simple features like wheels , and awesome shred size -LRB- near dust-like -RRB- , and quiet operation , not to mention it being quite a handsome machine -LRB- if that 's possible for a shredder -RRB- , have made me a happy home office camper.Amazon , as usual , provided quick excellent service !
 Guys may love their tools ; I love my shredder ! Upfront the negatives
 I really like it . The only thing I do not like is the oiling . The instructions lead me to believe the shredder needs oiled each time it is filled . However for a lower capacity shredder it has been excellent . Only overheated once and did the auto shut off . -LRB- Shredding all the paper that piled up waiting for this one . -RRB- The light comes on so you know whats going on . It shredded for about 20 minutes before turning off and when the light went back off I was back in business . Also very quiet I can shred on the phone now .
 This shredder is everything it is advertised to be . VERY quiet and powerful . I was not familiar with the `` confetti '' cut and was very pleased with the shredded product . Very fine shred . The smallest pieces I have ever seen . Almost dust like . You can feel safe in knowing that the material is definitely destroyed . Can get lots of shredded material in the bin before having to empty . Window in bin lets you see how full it is . Disposal bags that fit inside bin are very convenient to dispose of the waste and they are transparent enough that you can still see through the bin window at the amount of shredded paper that is in there . Must be careful when using the credit card/CD shredder slot . I had to feed the pieces through a second time at a different angle to make sure the card information was unreadable . The plastic shred came out in strips . There is a small removeable bin within the larger one to catch the plastic shredded material . Safety sensor a great feature . Shuts off shredding whenever your hand gets near the shredding slots during operation . I am using this for home use and I think you will be pleased too .
 Long story short the first shedder I received did n't work -LRB- at all -RRB- . I followed the return steps online . Sent it back-a new one was already on it 's way . The 2nd shedder works like a dream , you ca n't even hear it run . I love it ! I 've never had to return anything before , but my goodness it was so easy-I did n't even mind . Thanks Amazon 5 stars all the way .
 I searched a long time for a replacement for a previous shredder . Looked on the internet , went to Staples , Office Depot etc. to make sure as best I could that I got the best product for my needs ... I also wanted a micro cut . I settled on the MS 450Cs based on the specifications and reviews I read on the Internet and Amazon . I was still a little hesitant since this is the type of product that I would like to have tried first rather than just order on line . Problem was none of the brick and morter stores had one . So I ordered it on Amazon -LRB- where by the way you 'll get the best price and quick delivery -RRB- but decided to keep the shipping box just in case . Well the fact is I could n't be happier . The product has exceeded my expectations . Ive had it about two months , use it every day in my home office and it 's works flawlessly . Talk about quiet . You can barely hear it in the same room and it never jams . It comes with a separate bin for credit cards and cd 's that fits into the larger bin . Cd 's and credit cards are strip cut so I would suggest that if you 're shredding credit cards you run the strips through a second time . Personally I do n't use the smaller bin since it also cuts down on the larger bins volume . Emptying the bin could n't be easier but there is a little paper dust because of the micro cut .
 I have 2 of these shredders and they are excellent home units . The first one I purchased worked great with no problems , but the 2nd had a problem with the dvd / credit card intake . I could tell right off the bat that it was not working like my first one as it made a vibrating noise . The company Fellows was excellent with the customer service and sent me a new machine with no other problems . With that out of the way let me say ... . keep in mind that this is not a commercial machine unless you are a light shredder . The micro cut is the best and I challenge anyone to try and to try and reassemble a page of paper after it has been shredded , but the best selling point on this unit is QUIET . This machine is a very quiet running machine . The 2nd machine I purchased was for my mother as she would shred a letter with her old machine in the middle of a tv show and it was so loud you could not hear a person sitting next to you . The MS-450Cs is so quiet you can shred and shred and still hear the television and not bother someone in the room . For me I like this shredder and recommend it to anyone wanting a nice shredder .
 Use in home/office . Does everything as described . Sooo quiet . See-thru , slide out bin is great . To catch the shreddings , I bought see-thru plastic wastebasket liners at Costco . I double bag them to line the bin to minimize mess of the ultra small shreddings . NOTE
 The container arrived with one side wall askew . I had to hit it until it went back in place to make the bin fit -LRB- and I still have to hit the bin to get it to close properly . The plastic bag has to be tucked in carefully or it will stick out the side of the front bin . Having said that , the machine works well and quietly . Our cat investigated it and it stopped -LRB- we normally leave it turned off now -RRB- . The machine is the size of a kitchen garbage can so make sure you clear a little floor space . Please be aware that the confetti pieces tend to stick to the plastic inside walls because of static and neatniks will want to vacumn them out . We use it to shred mail and have n't run it long enough to have overheating problems but directions warn you clearly that long useage may make it close down for cooling so you are warned . Ca n't comment on long term reliability but we like what we see so far . We took to heart someone else 's advice to get a bigger more powerful machine -LRB- because we 'd had a little one that just did n't make the grade -RRB- and are happy we did .
 I have had this shredder for just a few days , and I am very happy with it . Even though this unit costs $ 178 , much more than the traditional shredders , it is well worth that expense . The shredder has four wheels , it is very quiet , the paper turns out shredded smaller than confetti , making it impossible to read . It has a safety feature that it will not work if there is something over the opening , like your hand , or a pet , or a child . I do notice that it gets hot after just a few minutes and the manual notes that it is not to be used more than 8 minutes at a time ; this is a limitation , but overall , it turned out to be a great buy , and it arrived by FedEx , with no shipping charge , a savings of around $ 30 , since this shreddeer weighs around 35 pounds .
 I absolutely adore this shredder ! I 've had it at least 6 months , and have n't found anything to complain about yet . The `` shreddings '' come out as small ground up chunks about the size of pepper corns -LRB- at the largest -RRB- . The pieces are n't recognizable since they 're ground up and not sliced up . Do n't inhale when emptying out the bin , though due to the dust cloud that can form when disturbing the paper shreddings .
 I have owned a Fellows shredder before -LRB- 8-years old and still working -RRB- , but I sold it to my roommate and purchased this new larger and more powerful size . Very well made , easy to understand directions , and the safety feature -LRB- not allowing your hand -- or your child 's -- to get too close -RRB- is wonderful . The slide-out shred basket is well designed and sure prevents a mess compared to my old one . If you 're looking for the best value in shredders for your home or small office , do n't even waste your time looking for others -LRB- I did and still came back to Fellows -RRB- . Do your research if you want -LRB- many great reviews for this model -RRB- and you 'll be impressed -- everyone loves this great quiet shredder !
 I bought this shredder for small office use . I researched shredders before buying as my experience with shredders has not been very good . They jam . They overheat . They make sounds that jostle the fillings in the teeth of the guy in the next office . This shredder got good marks for not jamming , stopping before overheating , being quiet and being reliable . I ca n't speak to the reliability yet , I 've only had it a week . But I had quite a backlog of stuff that needed shredding . The product was easy to set up , remarkably quiet and really does grind up paper into dust . So far , so good .
 The Fellowes shredder is a replacement of my Royal CIA 12 shredder . The new shredder is much quieter than the Royal . The shredded pieces are even smaller . I am pretty happy about this Fellowes shredder .
 The Fellows Powershred MS450Cs is a great shredder -LRB- kind of looks like R2-D2 from `` Star Wars '' -RRB- . It 's very quiet , makes super-small size pieces , and takes a lot of shredding to fill up . The pull-out basket and reycycle bags make emptying and clean-up easy . Safety features are great too . It automatically shuts off if the cat decides to sit on it . Lucky for the cat !!! The only drawback is that it 's heavy , but the casters make movement easy . I really think this machine is a great buy for home or light-office use . I 'm very satisfied with my purchase and with Amazon 's fast , free-shipping of this product . Thanks Amazon .
 All I can say is WOW !!! Corny ? Yes , but with good reason . This is my third paper shredder that I have owned and this thing is amazing . Calling this a Confetti Shredder is no exageration , if anything it 's an understatement . I have not seen any other paper shredder shred paper like this one . I do n't see any way someone could possibly piece your confidential papers back together after they get eaten by this beast . I saw on one review a complaint about paper dust , which this shredder does create . However the only area I noticed any signs of dust after using it was ontop of the shredder , my house did n't get covered with it . Another nice thing about this shredder is a seperate slot for CD 's , Credit Card 's , etc. . It also comes with lubricating oil and big waste bags . It is a bit pricey but worth the money .
 I was looking for a quiet , robust shredder that can shred documents into very small pieces -LRB- so that you can not identify any numbers -RRB- . After browsing and realizing that you can easily spend $ 500 to $ 1,000 I decided to go with this model and I was n't disappointed.It 's quiet , robust and handles medium volumes in our small office . The quality is sound and it produces tiny pieces of confetti that are absolutely secure .
 I put it to the test with some office clean up and it did well with it . The safety features it has are nice and deposing of the shredded material is easy .
 Pros
 This shredder is incredible ! Reduces paper to utter confetti ! Very secure . Very quiet operation . Only draw back is the unit gets hot very quickly and goes into shutdown mode until it cools . So if you have a lot to shred it becomes a much longer process . I think it will be 5 stars when i am caught up and using it to shred occasionally or as I go .
 This is the best shredder I 've ever owned . It is quiet and quickly turns my discarded documents into confetti . The separate tray to shred credit cards is a plus .
 This shredder turns everything into confetti . It 's perfect for dealing with the average household . It will overheat if you try to shred a month 's worth of mail crud but it 's perfect for shred as you go.The only complaint I had was typical for this type of small office shredder
 This shredder is great ! It is so quiet we can talk on the phone right next to it while it 's doing its work . The shredded paper is very finely cut . The window clearly shows when the hopper is full . We feel it was worth the price .
 I owned a Fellowes Powershred model for 11 years and it finally died on me a couple months ago . I believe I ruined it , I always put a ton of paper in it and constantly confused it , but it never failed on me . I decided to retire it instead of having the blades fixed and ordered this Powershred MS-450Cs . It is AWESOME , to say the least . It shreds so thin , it saves you time , space , money , and reduces waste ! My boyfriend recently shredded 20 DVDs and it accomplished the amazing feat . I am highly impressed with the quality , amazon offered a fantastic price and free shipping ... you CAN NOT go wrong !
 ... as other have said before me , this shredder is quiet , very quiet ! It also shreds paperwork into TINY pieces . Do n't overfill the basket though as the small pieces make a terrible mess of things and are hard to clean up . Handles 5-6 sheets at a time easily but can handle more with each pass . I simply find the unit seems to be working to hard to handle 10pgs at a clip , especially if I expect the unit to live a very long life . I am perfectly happy with this shredder and would certainly recommend it to anyone for home and small office use which is what I use it for .
 This shredder has been absolutely amazing . Takes the paper and really rips it into fine pieces that ca n't be put back together . What others have said about this leaving a fine layer of ` paper dust ' is true , but it is a small tradeoff for what is essentially the best shredder you will ever own . Some pieces to get stuck in the blades , but if you turn it off and just swipe your fingers or a brush across the blades , they will come off easily . Has n't once jammed on me yet and I have put this machine through its paces . It is meant to be a light duty shredder , however , I 've put stacks of papers through it before , granted it needed to cool down when it deemed that it was overheated , but that really is n't a problem ; in fact , I consider it an asset . Overall , this is a great shredder and it is one of the best purchases I have ever made .
 After shopping for good paper shredders for the last 6 months for my office , I found this one through Amazon for a real good price . I am happy about the way it shreds a large amount of paper without jamming . It is great for the office .
 I love this shredder . It is quiet , fast and efficient . The shredder leaves little bits of paper which is a vast improvement over the strip shredders . I have used it quite a bit so far since I had a backlog of papers to shred . As long as you do n't shred for too long a period all at once , there seems to be no problem with it heating up . Great shredder .
 More expensive than the on sale units I have purchased from my local discount store , but in 5 years I have replaced 2 units . Maybe this will last longer.It certainly shreds better
 Except that the credit card/CD/DVD shredding function cuts in strips rather than cross cut -LRB- making it easy to reassemble the credit card and read the data -RRB- , it 's a good shredder .
 I have used my MS-Cs for 4 months with no complaints worth mentioning . I use it in a home setting shredding mail for the most part . I have nevershred to much mail time wise or thickness wise to activate the over-heating switch nor do I overload thickness size of 7 sheets at one time.I Love the way it shreds paper into confetti size bits , no way cananyone piece these together again !! Pros
 Great product , quiet yet really eats um up . I hope I get many years of confetti shredding . Fellows makes a better shredder .
 This stealth bulldog does what it is supposed to , smoothly and quietly shredding documents into confetti . Like any good dog , he seems solid and dependable . I feel better knowing he 's keeping watch .
 This shredder destroys paper . It will heat up after long use . It shouldnt be bought for someone who will be shredding alot all the time or needing to shred alot in one large group .
 I did a lot of research before purchasing this product . I found this shredder to be the perfect one for my home office . I was looking for one with enough capacity , high security , and that was n't loud . I have been using it for about 1 month and I would recommend it to anyone .
 I ordered these letters for my classroom which is a wild west theme . They are perfect and a a great touch !
 Time cards were perfect . Have n't been able to find them anywhere , but here . They work perfectly . Will certainly shop here again when needed .
 The ugly hole was two inches and this hard-plastic grommet fit snugly in . As an added bonus , it allows you to adjust the hole within the grommet that your wires peek through so that the wires do n't just fall back down when you unplug them from your laptop/speakers/mice / Hitachi neck massager .
 Durable and versatile , very good product . Exactly what I expected , and for a low price . The cap pops out easily , and snaps back in tightly . Extremely useful.I would suggest this product to anyone with the same needs as myself .
 I used this in a laminate built in desk . Drilled the hole , popped it in , ran the wires and covered them up.I will say this , if you have a DivX video connection it barely fits through the 2 '' size . It will fit , you just have to give it a little force to get the cable through .
 I 've gone through a lot of grommets ... this is certainly an extremely well made grommet . The plastic is heavy and the insert spins with positive stops and snaps in solidly . Unfortunately , what I received is slightly different then what 's pictured . Most notably is a smaller opening for wires , which is just a bit too small for what I need . Otherwise , it 's a great piece .
 There is n't too much you can say about a grommet . This is well made and suits the purpose . Perhaps more importantly , I emailed the manufacturer to determine if the center section could be removed and got a response . Sadly having ANY manufacturer respond should n't be a big deal but it is . These people passed that test so I recommend them and their product .
 My desk I purchased did n't come with one , and was very unsightly . This was the perfect product to cover that hole and make it less conspicuous . Unfortunately the hole was slightly bigger than the grommet fitting , which I added double stick tape around the grommet fitting which made it fit perfectly and stay in place .
 This clip organizer has worked perfectly for all of the wires in my home . I have a bunny who does n't like it when wires are in her way . So she chews them when they are . My solution was -LRB- other than make 4 lucky rabbit 's feet out of her -RRB- to organize the wires properly and get them out of her way . Fortunately , it also cleaned up the appearance of our glass desk area . Two birds with one stone !
 Fits snugly into a 2-3/8 hole . Not too rubbery , but not too stiff and plastic-y either . Feels `` just right '' and this grommet will not scuff up your cables . They make my entertainment center look tidy and professional .
 The other comments helped me to be successful in installing these . I built a computer test bench and installed two of these using a smaller hole saw and a rasp . They 're fantastic for holding cables in place in between plugging different computers in . Getting ready to buy another one . Could n't be happier with them !
 I would give this grommet 5 stars for Durability and Aesthetics , but only 2 stars for Ease of Installation . It requires a particular size of hole saw that is unlikely to be in most people 's tool kits . Failing that , the use of a slightly smaller , more standard hole saw mandates some serious work with a rasp.That said , the end result is very clean and functional . I was able to run all the cords coming from my powered USB hub up through the grommet , where they 're held for immediate use just by gently pulling them up through the petals . Returning the cords through the grommet requires a bit of guidance , but it 's certainly not difficult.All in all , the result was well worth the effort for me !
 I install a lot of grommets , and this style is much nicer than the standard , inflexible type.As the other reviewer noted , it is 23/8 '' , not 21/4 '' or 21/2 '' . That makes finding a hole saw much more difficult . I happen to have one , but I checked at a few hardware stores the other day and did n't find any . You may need to call around for one first . But the benefits of this design make the finished result worth it .
 product arrived 2 days earlier than estimated and was just as advertised.fit and finish are of good quality , would recommend this product to anyonewho has the need for it .
 I had an adjustable hole saw , but it did n't work very well on a test hole in piece of scrap plywood , so I went to the hardware store and bought a 23/8 '' hole saw . I 'll probably never use it again , but it was worth it since I drilled 4 holes in our desks -LRB- which did n't have cable holes in them -RRB- . It is too bad it did n't use a 2 '' or even a 21/8 '' hole -LRB- used for door knobs -RRB- which I already had . So 1 star off for that .
 Pros
 This product is perfect and sturdy . Just cut a whole in the wall and ran the cables through . It left the wall with a very finished look .
 No much to say here about this product . Worked as it should.Hole saw needed to bore hole in counter or desk , was not a common size . So had to spend $ 15 to buy a hole saw .
 Just set up a home office and I have several desktop electronics -LRB- Phone stand , Ipod speaker , bluetooth stand , etc -RRB- . This permitted me to have the cables all drop under the desk for better organization . Make sure you have a 23/8 hole cutter . They are not cheap and will cost more than the grommet itself .
 I ordered 3 of these . Installed them in an Ikea Besta `` floating '' cabinet that I hung under my LED TV . I used the Vulcan 2 and 3/8in hole driller also available on Amazon and it worked perfectly . I chose this one over a more standard sliding because of the amount of cords coming through . The grommets seat in tight and I have no fear of them pulling out . The flanges seem pretty thick and flexible , not cheap or stiff . They look great -LRB- see pictures -RRB- and I 'm very happy with them . On top of that I did n't realize the seller was in the same county as me and I got them in a day .
 I installed these grommets in a multimedia rack . I really like the look of them and they installed snugly . The only reason for getting 4 instead of 5 stars is that one of the rubber covers started to pull off . This was caused by the movement of a large gauge wire and plug during my installation . It does n't bother me mostly because this particular location is out of sight , but if it were visible it would have been annoying . I would think twice before using these in a location where you will be changing cords a lot . If you just install everything and leave it , then you should be ok .
 I purchased these pencils upon the recommendation of Matt Archambault , a School of Visual Arts teacher who runs videos of his students sketchbooks on youtube . One student recommended the pencils to him , he tried them , liked them , after all you can erase your lines and start over ! And it adds a bit of colour to your sketch book . I like them too !
 These are the same pencils as Sanford Prismacolor Col-Erase . The erasing feature is so handy , they erase very nicely , if not perfectly , even on thin paper . You would never notice the difference if it was covered with another color . The colors in this set are heavy on the red side . I will be using these in the future , how could I go back to non-erasables ?
 These colored pencils use a softer lead , and does n't break as easily as others . The colors are bright and does n't smear too much , and erases ok . I use these for designing and checking on CAD prints . This 12 pack has enough colors for me ... Brown , Green , Blue , Cinnamon , Purple , Yellow , Black , Carmine Red , Light Blue , Light Green , Terra Cotta and Tuscan Red ... but no bright Halloween orange .
 I was a little hesitant to purchase this phone based on some of the other reviews but this one is a winner ! Excellent reception and clarity . Lots of built-in features like ringtones , voice mail access with touch of a button , address book and memory . Another thing I like is that the speaker phone is in the handset and you have the option to have the antennae light up if you have messages . The handset is the perfect size . Too many features to list but it 's a great deal especially at this price .
 This phone is what you expect from Panasonic
 The only reason that I gave the phone a 4star is that I object to the size of the handset . Without sufficient light , it is difficult to use , especially when you are a senior citizen . Otherwise the phone is excellent like all Panasonic products that we own !
 This is an excellent phone . Compact , full-featured , and inexpensive . The only complaint is that it is missing an earphone jack !
 I really like Panasonic products . They work and keep working . This phone is good and I have a lot of electronics in my house .
 This phone works amazing and the range is great as well . People can not tell that I am using the speaker phone which is good as well . I bought it refurbished and you would never be able to tell .
 received on time , good job from Amazon . and the product is great .
 I love this product . . the sound quality is amazing . . speaker sound quality rocks . . I recommend it to everyone . . you cant go wrong with this phone ...
 Easy to use , good reception , small but not too small , reasonably priced . We 're very happy with this phone .
 I had one of these many years ago ... same brand . Since then I 've used a larger desk calculator but my needs are less now . This is just as great as my first one with only one wish in that it would do better add/subtract like the big one . I like the size so that is what counts ... it fits on my desk shelf and in my brief case with the paper roll inside I do n't have to be concerned about the paper coming off . I found paper rolls at -LSB- ... -RSB- they have the replacement ink roller also . If you need a small portable calculator this will do you well .
 This is a great calculator with a great price . It is easy for me to use.and is exactly the right size either for my desk or briefcase . Well made product exactly as described .
 This printing calculator is a good chose for people who just need a basic , one color , printing calculator . It ` slightweight , works with batteries or the included A/C adapter , and is attractive . I 'm pleased with it !
 I do n't have room for a large or medium size calculator on my desk . The numbers on the Sharp are large enough to read without glasses , it is about the size of a paper back fiction book which is great for small desk spaces .
 Just a plain old printing calculator with a tape . No fancy buttons , the function of which 99 % of us are clueless how to use . Works exactly as intended , with no suprises .
 Used by various committees to tally votes and no complaints . We are looking forward to using these calculators for many years .
 i like to use this when balancing my checkbook the printout shows if i made a mistake or not and i have a printout to file in my records
 I picked this calculator because I liked the fact that you can put a small roll of paper inside . The price was good also .
 I was searching for a little handheld caculator that had the tape inside instead of on the outside like the other one I had got . I carry it with me so I needed one in which the tape would n't come off as it was carried in my bag . This one is great .
 blue
 I charged the units the day I received it from Amazon , approximately two weeks ago . Have been using it without any problems continuously since then . I really like the idea of being able to send the `` phone book '' from one unit to the other in a matter of seconds . Ca n't find any disadvantages as yet .
 I previously had a VTech expandable phone system . I loved the convenience of the features , but people used to tell me they could n't hear me very clearly . It also went through batteries in no time . I finally broke down and bought this new phone system , and it 's a vast improvement . I 'm told the sound is much clearer . One feature I was looking for was a visible voicemail message indicator light , which this one has . -LRB- It 's not the default setting , though . I had to go through a few steps to set it up . -RRB- I love the ability to copy my phonebook to the other handset at the touch of a button . My only complaint is that you ca n't add additional phonesets . It came with one expansion handset , but that 's all it will take . I would have liked to have the option of adding more , but I guess I 'll live . The signal range is quite good , and I 'm very happy with this purchase . If this is your price range , you should be very satisfied with this phone system .
 This phone is everything I needed . It is crystal clear , has all the features I wanted , and is very reasonably priced for the value . The extra handset is a real plus because it only needs a.c. power for the charger and does not have to be installed where a phone jack is . Therefore , it can be placed anywhere you need another phone.It works great as an intercom , and has a paging feature handset to handset . I was in the attic searching boxes and talking to my wife downstairs . Last week I also used it to talk to a TV repairman who was on the roof tuning my antenna while I watched the reception inside the house and was able to tell him when it was a perfect picture.All in all , I am 99.9 % satisfied . If I were improving it , I would probably add a earphone jack.However , the phone has an excellent handset speakerphone , which I use on almost every call , particularly on those long-wait automated answering devices . Callers can hear me perfectly -LRB- I ask them -RRB- and the speaker sound is great . -LRB- Unfortunately , They can also hear my wife even in the other recliner . -RRB-
 Phones are small . Have clear sound with handset and handset speakerphone . A good buy .
 The reception on these telephones is excellent . I can run the battery down on one phone , and still have the second one for making other telephone calls . Great price , too !
 This is the second pair of these I have purchased this year . I bought a pair for our cottage earlier in the year and was so impressed with them that I recently bought another pair for our home . These units might be small in size , but the sound quality is really great . They have all the functions that one could ever need and the price is great . I must admit I was a little skeptical with the low price as sometimes things that are this inexpensive a really cheap ! I was pleasently surprised to find out how wrong I was about these . Nice job Panasonic !!!
 This phone is great , because it comes with dual handsets and is also very lightweight and very comfortable . At 2.4 GHZ it boasts a superb range and most importantly it has a very attractive price and a hands-free option too . Highly recomended .
 good phone , ok signal inside not great outside . no interference , but the unit itself is very small and difficult to have a long conversation on
 It a very good phone except I have trouble trying to erase a call that showed up on the caller ID , I press the right or left buttons until the screen has the word end of phone numbers I be pressing the word delete and keeps my finger on it for a while but the calls still wo n't go away I do n't know whats wrong .
 Very nice phone , much better than the AT&T one I had before . But no speed dial ... or have I not discovered it yet ? Still a good buy .
 If the description did not have this error I would have given 5 stars . To me this error is significant because it is one of the features I was looking for in a white phone and thought I had found - thus I bought the phone.I am keeping the phone because it does work very well . My last Panasonic 2.4 gig phone worked great and the only reason I replaced it is because after years of use the numbers on the keypad started wearing off .
 i 've learned through trial and error that panasonic makes some of the best phones on the market . these are no exception , especially for the price . they are crystal clear and have many of the features you will find on their more expensive models , such as speaker phone , call-waiting caller id , phone book , etc. i 've never felt the need to use a head-set on a house phone , so the absence of that feature is no big deal . they are a bit smaller than some of panasonic 's other phones , but in an `` ipod sort-of-way '' that makes them cooler .
 I own this item for less than a month.So far nothing has happened and the price is very good for the features that it combines.However it is very early - i think - for things to come up , that ; s the reason I rate it with a 4 out of 5
 If you just need : - 1 phone - an integrated answering machine - easy to useThis is the perfect phone . It has all the usual features
 You know ? Who thinks TWICE about the phone once you purchase it , and use it ? When you are looking for one , you spend time , do research , etc. . I did the same , and found out all are about the same , except PRICE , and DESIGN . All I wanted was something BASIC , RELIABLE , GOOD DESIGN , GOOD SOUND QUALITY , and NOT EXPENSIVE . I also did not need SECOND HAND SET , not higher Range . Get Real , this is more than enough to use around a house ~ !!! So this FITs into all of my needs . and I have it here with me now . I just LOVE IT . PERIOD . Why spend MORE ????
 The phone itself is smaller than I expected
 I purchased the KX-TG2431 Panasonic 2.4 Digital Cordless Phone / Answering System on 12/1/2005 . The unit had to be charged for 6 hours before it would allow me to begin the programming , less than other Cordless phones I have purchased in the past . The programming was a little more complicated than I expected but for all the features that this unit has , not to bad.Having used this unit for almost a month , I am very pleased with its performance . I have never had a Cordless Phone that provided the sound quality that this unit produces , the `` Voice Enhancer Technology '' that is used in this phone allows a Cordless Phone to reproduce the sound quality of a `` high priced '' , `` high quality '' Corded Phone . One unique feature of this phone was what they refer to as the `` Handset Speakerphone '' , all other Cordless Phones I have had in the past the Speakerphone was in the base unit . This handset can be used like the walkie-talkie that many people like to use on there Cell Phones , really great for the hearing impaired person . The `` Selectable Ring tones '' are a nice feature ; besides the 3 Tones there is 4 Melodies it will play . The only CON I have about this phone is if you want to Wall-Mount it the distance it protrudes from the wall is in my option excessive!I found that there is a volume control on the handset receiver , it only has 3 settings and difference between low and high is not very much , but I have no trouble hearing on the low setting.All things considered , for the money , I feel this is one of the best Cordless Phone/Answering Systems I have ever had .
 This phone is wonderful . There is no static , the options are fantasic , you can even check the messages from the phone instead of going to the base . Caller IQ is wonderful , and it is very easy to use . Everything is at the touch of a button . I live on a 1/2 acre and I never have a problem of getting too far away from the base . My only complaint is the ringers . There are only two `` normal '' ringers . If you like melodies then you will really like the ringers , I prefer old fashioned ringers myself and it does have two of those to choose from . Overall this phone is perfect , durable -LRB- I have dropped it twice and my son loves to chew on it when he is talking -LRB- aka babbling -RRB- to his grandparents.UPDATEWe have owned this phone now for five months and it has been dropped more times than I can count , chewed on by our 9 mth old son , left in the car for hours in the Houston , TX heat -LRB- husband did it -RRB- and yet the phone still works perfectly . Great phone !!!! Oh yeah , I keep it off the charger for days at a time and I only have to charge it once a week .
 I got this phone for my business primarily because I have a similar Panasonic version at home with the add on handsets . It 's a great product.Right now I 'm very happy with this phone and the features . The answering system is easy to use and I can also set it to Not Answer if I only want to play my store hours and directions -- versus taking customer or vendor messages . It was very easy to install , setup and get started .
 This is a smaller unit than I thought from the picture shown , but because it is smaller than the usual unit -LRB- but not by much -RRB- it will fit anywhere unobtrusively . It works great and is well worth the price .
 Panasonic has been a consistent winner in quality and endurance of product . This phone is no exception . We owned an earlier version of this phone which got plenty of use and abuse . It worked perfectly until our son threw it in the bathtub . This model has all the same features we previously enjoyed , but in a more compact package . We give it a big thumbs up .
 I 've had this phone for over 5 years -LRB- mine 's black , model KX-TG2431B -RRB- . It 's one of the best purchases I 've ever made . The main reason I picked this phone over all other alternatives is the integration of the speakerphone into the handset instead of the base unit . The speakerphone frees me up to do other things whenever I 'm put on hold.Features --------- CordlessThe cordless handset has a good range . I 'm able to get very good reception around the house -LRB- and even a few feet outside the house -RRB- . The only time I get a little static is if I stray too far from the base unit . - SpeakerphoneThe speakerphone is on the handset itself . It is loud -LRB- the volume is adjustable -RRB- . The other party has no trouble hearing me as well . - Answering MachineMessages can be retrieved from * both * the base unit and the handset . You can also retrieve your messages remotely from any phone using a personal code that you can set . The recording time is 15 minutes . - Long Battery LifeThe battery life for the OEM battery on standby is 4-5 days . Talk time is about 4 hours . -LRB- I 'm still using the original battery that came with the phone but I figure it 's time to replace it since it 's not holding a charge too well . -RRB- The OEM replacement for the battery is theHHR-P105A . I 'd really recommend the OEM battery as opposed a battery made by a third party . -- The Panasonic GigaRange Phone has some very useful features . It is very versatile and reliable , and the cordless reception is crystal clear . It is just about ... perfect ! 5 stars .
 This has to be the no. 1 cordless phone I 've ever owned ? It has real good reception ! , is has easy to readnumbers on both handset and base ! I am happy with this Item !!
 The caller ID feature works perfectly , the programmable phonebook is fantastic , the ringer settings -LRB- low , medium , high -RRB- all suit our needs , it 's ergonomically sound , the ring is n't obnoxious , it holds the charge for a long time , and the price is right ... What 's not to love ? Having the speaker phone in the handset may be the best part -- being on hold forever is no longer a chore -- and we especially like the blinking antenna that tells us we have voicemail . You can also check caller ID while you 're on the other line and decide whether or no to interrupt your current call , which is an excellent perk . Two thumbs up for this phone ...
 I researched phones on Amazon and decided on this model . Everyone else seem to approve one way or another . I was considering a 5.8 range but took a chance with this one for our three bedroom home and it works great .
 THIS PHONE IS FABULOUS !!! IT HAS ALL THE FEATURES AND BENEFITS I HAD WANTED AND THEN SOME . TWO HANDSETS MAKES IT SO MUCH EASIER FOR MULTI-LEVEL LIVING ; THE ANSWERING SYSTEM IS GREAT-WE WERE ABLE TO ELIMINATE VOICE MAIL THRU THE PHONE COMPANY AND SAVE $ $ $ . IT HAS TONS OF FUNCTIONS YOU CAN USE OR NOT USE - THE MANUAL IS EASY TO UNDERSTAND AND THE FUNCTIONS ARE EASY TO SET -LRB- OR UNSET -RRB- . I WOULD DEFINITELY RECOMMEND THIS PHONE TO EVERYONE WHO NEEDED A NEW PHONE !!!
 Very good phone for a very good price . If you dont have any wireless connection for your internet , then this phone is a good choice .
 yes , I 'm a kid ! so what ?! I have an influence on the scores ... I think ... any who , It 's a good phone , really it is . good qualities : . takes up small space.light-weight . good looking -LRB- my opinion -RRB- . and its just plain goodbad qualities * ooooooooh * : . i wish that the talk botton was bigger and a different color form the end botton , the 1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,0 bottons , etc.thats pretty much it!Riann 's review ! :-RRB- -LRB- sideways smiley face . c'mon look at it -RRB-
 This phone has great features for the money . .2 phones , message playback from the handset , long charge life , etc. . The sound and reception quality is excellent . The one criticism I have is the sound quality of the answering machine . It is difficult to hear outgoing message and incoming message without turning volume way up , and voices tend to be a little distorted . . But hey , it is still very good for the money .
 I must say , my past experiences with Panasonic have not been favorable so I was a little hesitant to purchase another model . However , after reading a bunch of great reviews - I bit the bullet and did it . GREAT choice!The call quality is phenomenal , the range is excellent -LRB- I 'm able to use the phone in my garage without issue -RRB- , and the feature-set is just perfect for the price.I was also hesitant with all of the 2.4 GHz frequencies running through my house . I have a DSL Router that acts for three laptops in the house , an XBox 360 that also uses the router , and I have n't had a problem with interference yet.If you 're even considering this model - go ahead and get it - you wo n't regret .
 Another very nice product product from Panasonic . No complaints after 2 months use .
 This phone is a great phone at a great price !!
 So I bought one ... if you think I would buy something online that I did not really worry about , you are very mistaken . It 's a cordless phone , it works in my house and in my basement . I would not have needed a new phone if my 2 year old had n't thrown the old one away in the trash -LRB- and if I had not forgotten to look in the can before I threw it away -RRB- . Buy what you can afford , do n't get the best phone if you do n't really need all the extra 's . If you are going to rely on this for your final say , than I would suggest mental help !
 To the last reviewer : You complained about incorrect information from Amazon regarding this phone . Never in Amazon 's description do they mention that THIS phone has `` talking caller ID '' . The phone with talking caller ID is the : Panasonic KX-TG2357B 2.4 GHz DSS Cordless Phone with Dual Handsets , Answering System , and Talking Caller ID -LRB- Black -RRB- . It sells for $ 110.19 -LRB- at the time of this review -RRB- . Please do your research and not give a GOOD phone a bad review when your reviewing the WRONG item.THIS phone is great ... and I really have enjoyed using it . It 's not as fancy as some others out there , but it does the job !!
 as i was going through the list of features we wanted , this was the only one to fill them all . I wanted 2 handsets , NIMH battery , answering machine , speakerphone , wall mountable . This one has it all and then some , like phonebook that stores info on both handsets , paging and intercom between the hand sets , or the base , you can listen to messages with either handset or the base , lighted ringer and message alert . Those were all great features that i was n't expecting , but i found them very useful .
 For several weeks , we purchased and returned various Uniden and Vtech cordless phones . My husband can now repack phones better than the factory ! These returned models were all chosen because of their good reviews on Amazon . They were all returned because of poor sound quality . The quality varied from poor to mediocre.We were about to give up on getting a new cordless phone for our vacation home , when the salesman recommended this Panasonic phone . We gave it the ` hands on test ' , and another customer in the store said that the sound was far superior to any of the other phones she had tested , and that she loved it . We then went home to read the excellent reviews on Amazon . Then we ordered it from Amazon because of the lower price , and because at this point my husand vowed never to unpack and repack a cordless phone again.We were not disappointed - this unit beat the others by miles . We could n't believe the difference in the sound . No static and it remained clear when we ` test drove ' it around the house and yard . The sound is especially important to me as I have trouble hearing on most phones - cell and cordless.It comes with two handsets which is really convenient as our previous cordless phones only had one . We love the speaker phone and the intercom that work from the base and both of the handsets . We like and use he mute and hold features . It 's amazing the range and the sound that this phone has . The handsets are smallish , but still comfortable for my husband 's large hands and my medium hands.CONS
 Includes everything needed in a phone , CallerID , PhoneBook , HeadPhone connection etc.One disadvantage is that it can not be expanded to more than two units.Toam .
 This is a very sweet little phone with additional headset . Black color shines good . It also has intercom facility , speakerphone , answering machine , all facilities which I wanted in a single phone !! I purchased this phone from officemax with a rebate for $ 30 and overall got very good deal for very low price .
 Well , Panasonic seems to be the cordless of choice . For the price , others cant touch the quality . I used to spend my money on the really cheap cordless phones , but even after charging them properly , they would die all too soon . After talking to many sales people they all recommended the Panasonic . Its easy to use and full of useful options . Calling to receive messages remotely is a snap , plus you can listen to messages from the handset instead of the base if need be . Go buy this - you wont be disappointed .
 The last Panasonic I owed was not good . Not good at all . Accordingly , I was prepared to buy a different brand this time , but the reviews from Amazon & Consumer Reports applauded this little number , so I took a leap of faith . It 's a great phone . I does everything it says it does . The range is great . Love it .
 This phone if GrEaT !!! it comes with plenty of features such as transfering the call to another handset . However , you can hear some staticky noise in the background while your on the phone with someone else . The range is n't that great either . If i go in my backyard , the tone starts to skip . Overall , this phone is full of features that are very useful .
 i am very skeptical of cordless phones , because i 've never had any luck with them . unfortunately , there is little concensus among reviews about which phones are good ... but this one had very little negative comments , so i bought it . i love the size -LRB- it 's much smaller and lighter than any of my previous cordless phones -RRB- , and the base unit is so small considering it includes an answering system . the menus are very user-friendly and it 's really easy to store numbers in the phone book , and they can be transferred to the other handset with the touch of a button ! and this may not matter to many people , but i love the ring tone . so far , i am very pleased with this phone .
 This phone has worked very well for me and my partner . Inevitably there always seems to be one person out of two that is slightly more technologically challenged . The answering machine portion is very simple to use and explain . The best feature of this phone that I 've found is that you can share the programmed phonebook from one hand-set to the other . I only had to enter in one set of pre-programmed numbers and then transfer it to the other device . Made my life much easier .
 This Uniden phone is really a bargain for all the capabilites that you get . Temperature , humidity , weather forecasting , tide levels , alarm clock and an excellent cordless phone . I have several similar uniden cordless phones in my house -LRB- without the temperature , humidity feature -RRB- and they are without a doubt the best sounding cordless phones I have owned . The only downside is the phone 's range is a little limited . It tends to get noisy at about 50 feet or so . It comes with a belt clip and my wife uses it with a headset/mike -LRB- not included -RRB- for walking around the house while she is on the phone .
 I bought this phone from Staples for $ 15 after rebate . The sound quality is good from the 900MHz phone . The ear piece could be a little bit bigger for my ears but it 's not too uncomforable . The weather feature is nice . The forcasting is sometime a hit or miss thing . It 's supposed to forcast what the weather is like for the next 12-24 hours , but most of the time it tells you what the weather is like now -LRB- which is n't all that helpful -RRB- . However , having the outdoor temp and the humidity are realtively acurate . I do wish the base kept track of the caller-id numbers instead of just showing the caller-id number when the call is coming in . The headset does keep track of your recent calls .
 A Christmas Gift for our grown daughter . She loved it . She calls almost daily to compare readings . While we recognize the device is not so sophisticated that it will compete with the meteorologist on the evening news , it is certainly helpful when deciding what to wear for the day , and to know whether the pets should be sheltered for the evening.Neat product . Well worth the money .
 We 've had two of these phones in our house for several years now , and have purchased one as a gift for a relative . We 're quite satisfied with the phones . Excellent audio quality , range is good , fairly easy to set the clock and other settings . Handset display is a bit difficult to see unless you 're holding the handset directly in front of you in adequate light . Weather readings seem to be quite accurate . Overall , a fine phone .
 I like this phone/weather station , even if I 'm the only one who uses it . The drawbacks I found are it is hard to read at times , because it has no back light , unless you hit the snooze button . I do n't use the alarm feature so I taped down the snooze button and it stays light now . The other problem I found was the caller id redial does n't dial 1 before dialing out of area callbacks , but if you hit the one fast enough it works fine . Very easy to setup . I had this up about six month 's and so far the batteries still work fine . The other reason I got this phone is 900mhz operating frequency , it will not interfere with wifi or wireless internet like the now popular 2.4 ghz phones . this is fun and useful .
 Overall very happy with the purchase . The phones have very good range -LRB- work fine at 100 feet -RRB- and we 've eliminated the buzz/interference from our wi-fi network . The only negative was that there is no `` single button speed dial '' option on the phones .
 Good clarity , looks , and battery life . However the reach from the base is not that great , I had a previous Panasonic 2.4 mhz , and the reach was almost 100 % better .
 This cordless phone is great ... different ringer tones , displays missed calls , speaker phone feature . Everything is great with it and I highly recommend it !
 Having a phone with a second receiver is great . I have a fairly extesive address book created in it and it 's easy to make changes and modifications from the master receiver to the clone . One thing a dislike about this phone is than every call gets listed as a received call , not just missed calls and messages left on my answering service , and as such , they need to be deleted ; easy but unncessary . What 's up with that Panasonic ? The phone gets a little hot , just like a cell phone after an extensive conversation ! And finally people tell me it 's clearer when I 'm using the speaker phone option rather than the private conversation choice.Other than that Mrs. Lincoln , how did you like the play ?
 This is it ! The phone you 've been looking for . It 's got it all and it 's easy to use ... and FINALLY a clear connection . Do n't bother with cheaper phones . This is the one !
 Panasonic sold this phone to us . We have nothing but high praise for this phone . It 's a 5 from us .
 Definitely the best cordless phone I 've ever used . Unlike previous cordless phones this one works great with Vonage . The voice enhanced feature is a big plus as well as the ability to store a number in one handset and transfer it to the other . There is virtually nothing negative to say about this product .
 Better sound quality than my regular phone . Excellent reception - even out in the yard , garage , out at the mailbox , etc. . The handsets are very small - smaller than they look in the picture . They are around the size of cell phones from a few years ago . I keep a handset in my pocket and sometimes I forget it 's still there when I leave home . Handset is kind of small to hold to your face with your shoulder , but you can plug in a headset or hands free device and that works fine . I ca n't imagine better sound quality in a cordless and the speaker phone feature works really well . The unit has a high quality look and feel - better than expected .
 We bought this phone to use with VoIP and a Wireless G network . We have absolutely no complaints . It is as clear as a bell , even from Scotland to the US . The interface is intuitive and the programmable ring tones and light colors based on incoming numbers is a definite boon . You know who 's calling before you get up to get the phone.The only item that might change our purchase decision is the ability to now buy a similar phone designed for VoIP directly from Vonage.com . It would n't have fit our needs just now , but new VoIP customers should consider it as an option .
 The phones work great . Clarity is fantastic and I even get a great connection outside and I have a big yard . They look great too .
 The voice enhance feature is terrific . It has a good range away from the base . Impressive .
 Like the phones - voice quality is good , no interference . UI is not all that it could be , we briefly had some Uniden phones , and they had a really nice UI and some more bells and whistles but the voice quality was terrible .
 as usual Panasonic is great , we are happty with all the features and range .
 Phone is great , no problems , but I bought it to replace the wall mounted cordless in the kitchen . Unfortunately , the phone sticks out a lot when wall mounted and everytime someone walked by they bumped into it.So now the phone is in the den , on the table and works fine.I 'm still looking for a new wall mounted phone though .
 Weve been using this phone with Lingo VOIP for the past 3 months and are very happy with it . Not sure if its the new phone or the VOIP but the clarity is excellent compared to our old Verizon landline .
 This is an excellent phone for a given price . It has all the feature I needed and it works great .
 This phone combo is not to bad . I only gave it a four because I am still reading the instructions . Not bad for the price .
 This phone is a great match to Vonage . The Voice message indicator light works -LRB- needs to be turned on , its off by default on the handsets , uses more battery -RRB- . The Screen will also display that you have a voicemail waiting . As for the function of the phone , its great , it has not interfered with anything else in my house and is a good feel on the ear . All in all I recommend this phone for use with Voicemail setups , and its good for Vonage .
 Excellent clarity , does n't interfere with or receive interference from my wi-fi network , and best of all you can synchronize the phone book between handsets . The only drawbacks I 've found are that the only keys that illuminate are the numbers -LRB- the talk/off/speakerphone / mute do n't light up -RRB- , and the system ca n't be expanded to more handsets .
 Overall a good phone . I have the base in my backyard office and the extension in the house . Because of the materials and construction style of my home , it 's difficult to get a signal to go anywhere . I had to get high-powered industrial wireless to be able to use a single connection for the office and reach part of the home , yet the extension in the house seems to have better reception than the wireless . Pretty impressive . The UI -LRB- user interface -RRB- has some issues , although not as many as other brands -LRB- Uniden is the worst -RRB- . The main problem is that even with caller ID the screen is too small to display the telephone number AND name of the caller . You need to press special buttons and scroll down to see who is calling if you do n't happen to recognize the telephone number . I was disappointed ; I purchased this phone because my old Panasonic was the best phone I 've ever had - the UI was fantastic for seeing who was calling , returning calls , and the other typical functions . In the interim I purchased a number of different brands of wireless phones for my office and for additional set within the house ; unfortunately none of them could compare to the Panasonic 's great UI and sound quality . So after a a power surge killed the old Panasonic , I decided to splurge on a 5.8 GHz Panasonice replacement to avoid interference with my wireless network . It 's a great phone , but not as good as its predecessor .
 This is a great phone . The handset is not small , so it is convenient to hold with the shoulder . The menus are easy to use . I had no problems with the phone . The only drawback I see that you can not add to the phonebook the number you just dialed . There is no intervention with wireless computer network .
 Sounds good enough to make you buy Panasonic phones exclusively in the future . Looks good enough to be a high-tech touch for your kitchen , or a perfect match for your A/V gear.Pros
 I do not think you can purchase a better phone . I had tried three other phones & had to return them for one reason or another , static , difficult controls etc. . But this phone I plugged in , waited the alloted 6 hours before using & it has worked perfectly in every way . Having the extra handset has been even more enjoyable than I imagined , I put it right next to the computer . I am one very happy customer .
 I have owned Panasonic phones for years and been happy with the quality . I wanted to upgrade to the 5.8 Ghz and have a phone with multiple headsets.After reading about the phone on Consumer Reports and these reviews , I purchased this phone for the kitchen wall and also the model with an answering machine for another part of the house -LRB- Panasonic KX-TG5452M 5.8 GHz DSS Cordless Phone with Dual Handsets -RRB- . So now I have 4 headsets throughout the house!The reception is great and the phone was easy to program . I like the extra features -- the ability to have different rings , sounds and color lights associated with people in the contacts . The phones are much lighter weight than earlier models which makes them easier to hold.I highly recommend the phones .
 This phone works great in my home . The range is better than my Motorola MD681 . More importantly I do n't get interference from my appliances or my neighbor 's phone -LRB- which I did on my 681 -RRB- . The sound clarity is great . The menu is pretty intuitive -LRB- set up like most cell phones -RRB- . Some features require you to `` turn them on '' like the automatic answer -- where the phone picks up as you remove it from the cradle . I like the feature that allows you to copy the phone book from one handset to the other instead of inputting your speed dials on each handset.It does n't feel quite as solid as the Motorola and its appearance is slightly junkier . However , cost per dollar -- this one is what I would recommend.Catherine
 This is exactly what I was looking for . There are plenty of shelves to hold any size magazines , flyers and brochures .
 Very easy assembly of unit . Looks good when completed . Caps on nuts break off easily and seem very cheaply made . Company should spend a few pennies more for quality machining .
 Having 2 handsets is great . -LRB- or more if needed -RRB- Very easy to program with a lot of options to choose from if you want to . Good value for the price !
 I just baught this phone today and I love it already . See we returned two other phones today , before we relized that 2.4 ghz phones are not compatible if you have a wirelss network in your house , so we went for this one at a 5.8 ghz freq . So if you have a wireless internet conection in your house save your time and go 5.8 like this phone here . The asortmant of rings are unique and not to anoying.but , if you are looking to get a great phone for less , about 40 dollars less , I really liked the one we had to return , just remember if you have wirelss internet dont bother . Here is the best for your buck and very sweet design , id say even nicer looking than this panasonic , wich is very sleek its self . It is made by General Electric -LRB- 21028ge3 -RRB- is the part number , there is one with an answering machine and one without , i baought both , the one without will save you even more if you allready have voicemail . Circuit city has allot of reviews for this phone , i recomend you look it up , just type that part number in google search and type reviews after it and it will pull up circuit city and the reviews . Anyways , i am not trying to take away from this Pannasonic , just wanted to say that both are great . Damien -LRB- mesa , Az -RRB-
 I had to buy a new answering machine because my former , an AT & T digital model finally was biting the dust ; it was almost 15 years old ! I did some research on digital answering machines , and decided that it 's be best to get one with a handset.I love all the features on it as it suits my needs and more : * The answering device is very clear ; so far all messages have been recorded with time & date with clarity . The buttons on the answering machine is user friendly . * The speaker phone and intercom allows me to buzz my teenage daughter in the lower level of the house instead of shouting . * The handset , despite it being made of plastic , feels substantial and looks stylish . The orange backlit light is pleasant and useful when dialing in the dark . Voice clarity is great ; I have set it on voice enhancer and I think its like having the person you 're talking to almost be in the next room . * The settings are easy to follow in the manual . There are n't so many bells and whistles as well as tech stuff that would drive me to flush the manual , and return the phone . * The phone and answering device is compact and I like the silver and grey coloring ; it has a rich stylish look and does n't take up so much room.I would have given this phone 5 stars . My only complaint is that the buttons on the handset are really tiny , and I find myself reaching for my reading glasses to look at what I 'm doing . The hanset itself is on the smallish side but again , I think time will help me adjust to its size.I think , though , that over time , I will naturally get use to the buttons . Its only been a week since I have had the phone and already I am used to the on and off buttons without having to eyeball them.I purchased the phone at Best Buy for $ 10 more than what Amazon is offering because I had to replace my former dying machine right away.I bought this phone because I only needed a certain amount of items on it . I did n't need the speaker phone but I am glad I have it because its a great feature to have . I think that when a phone has too many features on it , it gets complicated and tends to break easily . Overall , I am really happy with this phone .
 Needed a phone system that would n't conflict with my wireless-g network . This one worked flawlessly . Excellent range can use outside the house . Crystal clear . Transferable phonebook between handsets . Works great with Vonage . It does everything I was looking for .
 I am very surprised at some of the reviews for this phone , and am glad I did not see them before I purchased mine about 6 months ago . The phone has been flawless for us . We have the base downstairs in the kitchen and the satellite handheld on the 2nd floor in the master bedroom , quite a distance from the base . We use the intercom every so often without any problem . I have roamed the entire house and have had crystal clear reception each time . I have not tried venturing out into the yard very far with it.The answering machine does everything it is supposed to . I love the feature of erasing some messages and keeping others . My old machine made you erase all or none.I had a lot of family visiting with their laptops over Thanksgiving and the phones did not interfere with our wireless network . My sister complained that her 2.4 gHz cordless interferes with her wireless network all the time .
 I wanted to add a caveate to my review based on the experience Tom from Richmond is having . I too have a wireless network in my home -LRB- through Verizon -RRB- and plugging this phone into the wall has not effected it in any way . I 'd be interested in hearing what your local phone company says about this phone sucking up your bandwidth ? Perhaps there 's a wiring issue in the closet?I bought this phone to replace my old 900 MHz Panasonic phone that would n't work appropriately with my new Dell Photo All-In-One Printer/Fax/Scanner / Copier . The old phone could n't automatically differentiate between a voice call and a fax , this phone has no problem . I spent several days with Dell technical support before I figured out I needed to replace my old phone.I almost passed on this phone because of some of the reviews , but being the Panasonic fan I am I just could n't do it without further research . After looking at a number of phones -LRB- believe me , I looked at a LOT -RRB- , and talking to my Brother and all of my friends about their phones and the problems they were having , I came back to this Panasonic.So far , I 've been very pleased . I 've had the phone about 4 months now and have had none of the problems written up in the reviews here . We are able to go all over the neighborhood and use the intercom feature , I have no interruptions or dropped calls in the house , I 'm able to use either handset on any of the 3 levels of my home , and there was a wall mount in my box.The phone was very easy to configure and setup . Directions were clear and easy to follow . I did n't give 5 stars because I felt Panasonic missed a feature or two that I really liked in my older phone , the major one being the speed dial . I also have to agree with one of the disappointed reviewers when they say the clear plastic cover over the speaker and caller ID window on the handsets is a bit cheap . You do have to be careful when wiping this area down as it does scratch easily . The only other thing I 'm not too pleased with is the wall mount . Panasonic neglected to put a `` lip '' on the cradle so the wall mount can not be set flush to the wall when installed . It sits out at about a 45 degree angle to accommodate the handset . This is ok if it 's in a low traffic area of your home , but if it 's hanging in a high traffic area the chances are high it will get accidentally knocked completely off the wall by someone walking by.Overall , I have to say I 'm extremely pleased with this phone . I like the size and weight of the handsets , and I like the features it has . The answering machine is very clear and easy to use ; and I get excellent range with both handsets for telephone calls and intercom use . I 'm also told by my Brother and friends that the clarity when I speak is like being right in the room with me . This phone also has a voice enhancement feature that you can turn on or off at will to help hear better on calls with poor reception.I give this phone 5 stars for the features it has . They are good and work well ; but only 4 stars over all as I do feel Panasonic could have done a better job on the design and missing features . I felt I could live with what 's missing and if you can as well , I believe you 'll be very happy with your purchase .
 Great phone system , reception and volume very good . Handsets are nice and lite , compact . Battery life is very good so far ; but with most all cordless phones , I 'm sure the charge length will deteriorate over time ... Inially picked this model because it is 5.8 ghz which ` does not ' interfere with your home wireless network . As advertised , works like a charm ! This phone is a very good unit , you wo n't be disappointed .
 We purchased this system after a long search and love it . This is very easy to install and we love being able to change the ring to a melody rather than the normal sound . The idea of having a second phone that does n't need to plug into a telephone jack is great . Our house is 3000 sq. feet and the second phone is upstairs while the main base/unit is in the kitchen . We have had NO problems with signals , sound or anything . This is a great buy !
 I have always had fabulous success with Panasonic phones . I have had a Panasonic phone since the days when you no longer `` rented '' your phone . I episodically have a lapse and buy another brand . -LRB- Do n't ask me about my UNIDEN experience and the annoying beep after each received or hang up message !!! It made me nuts . -RRB- I bought this phone to replace a working phone which ran out of power quickly and had other problems . I returned to my old standby ... Panasonic ... and wo n't stray again.The units are compact and attractive . More importantly , they are ergonomically correct and fit perfectly in the palm of your hand . The adjunct phone is great but does not add the entered phone numbers or commands automatically . You have to do this separately.Again , I 've learned my lesson . I will never stray again from Panasonic phones . I have always had excellent experiences with them and have only traded up because I wanted a smaller unit or a more modern version . I never experienced a broken or malfunctioning Panasonic phone .
 We are very pleased with this phone . We needed a 5.8 GHz system in order to avoid interference with a wireless computer network . We initially bought an AT&T - branded ; phone , but it regularly crashed -LRB- I 'm guessing that is what happened ... the handset went dead and then seemed to `` re-boot '' about 5-10 minutes into a call . -RRB- AT&T ; customer support had no suggestions other than return the phone , which we did , replacing it with this Panasonic model.Many phones advertised as 5.8 GHz are in fact only 5.8 from the base station to the handset ; they are 2.4 GHz from the handset to the base station . The AT&T ; phone mentioned above was `` dual frequency '' , as were most of the others we checked out at the local big box stores . Only the Panasonics were 5.8 in both directions . This ought to make a difference , especially with 802.11 -LRB- ie , computer network -RRB- interference . This was why we picked the Panasonic.My only complaint is -- as others have mentioned -- the spurious `` missed call '' message -LRB- s -RRB- on one handset after another handset was used to take the call . Panasonic is not the only brand to feature this annoying UI , unfortunately.Overall , we recommend this phone . I 'd definitely purchase it again .
 I was reluctant to pay almost $ 100 for a cordless phone but after going through so many cheap phones that had fuzz , static , echo , and background noises -- I thought I would at least give it a try.1st-The phone is crystal clear and works fine all over the house.2nd-The set-up and programming was easy.3rd-The intercom and transferring of calls is very nice for those who are `` lazy '' as I am.4th-I have DSL and it does NOT interfere at all with it . -LRB- Remember to put your filters on the phones for DSL . -RRB- Overall , I am very satisfied , even though I had to plunk down $ 100 . The most deciding factor on buy the phone was the reviews we read on Amazon . I did not buy through Amazon , because in my cheapness -- I wanted to take it back immediately if it did not perform to my liking . Lastly , the answering machine is easy to operate and works well . Buy with confidence !
 Best phone there is
 Happy with the purchase . Delivers everything I was expecting from it .
 Its a good product but I do n't know why they provide the base dialing with it . Sometimes when kids misplace the hand set you badly miss the base dialing . Voice quality is good at your end but my friends and family members often complain about voice quality . Other than that it good . I like the battery power the most .
 Excellent product , easy to set up , great price and service from an Amazon Marketplace seller
 Especially for the price - My mother was getting booted off her internet because her old cordless ran on the same frequency as her wireless router - living on a couple of acres and doing a lot of gardening , she gets reception across half the property - a great buy .
 I browsed through the User-Manual . With that I charged the unit , hooked it up and it worked as expected . I am satisfied , very satisfied . Panasonic a GOOD product ... refurbished unit but very good performance for the $ .
 Love this phone ! This replaces an AT&T 2.6 ghz set that I had for about 5 years . I decided after scouring the reviews to go with Panasonic KX-TG5432M . Wow ! I have been using this for several days and am impressed by the clarity of reception , ease of programming and comfy size/weight . I also got a headset accessory Panasonic TCA60 -LRB- Thanks to a reviewer recommendation -RRB- which works really well , callers on the other end do n't know that I 'm even using a headset . Go for Panasonic , you wo n't be disappointed .
 We love this phone especially after the AT&T ; disaster . I too miss the speed dial . However , It works so great with our wireless , that does not even matter . The only reason I gave it a 4 star is the volume . However , sometimes I think that is my fault or the person talking to me fault . Because when we adjust the phone , we can hear just fine.I love copying the phone book . So what if the miss calls do n't show up on the other headset . I 've never had a phone that did.This is a great phone & we love it . Amazon did right by us when we returned the AT&T ; also . The refund was very prompt , so we could buy this phone .
 Pretty good phone . Works great for what I need . 36 yr old male and the phone isnt too small and has perfect range for my setting - about 100 ft between the base and the phone at the longest distance . Answering machine is handy and I like all the features I have used so far . Still learning some of the smaller features .
 I have been very happy with this phone system . It is so much better than what I had and it actually keeps a charge for a while . I only wish the answering machine would beep when you had a message because that is what I was used to before . Overall , this has been a great system so far .
 The phone is excellent , the signal is loud and clear . I have no complaints about it except the missed call signal on the other hand set whenever you answer a call . But , I had read about it on another review and I went for it and bought it . I recommend the phone . Stop looking and buy this with your eyes closed .
 The features of this phone are very easy to use , and the operating instructions are well written and easy to follow . The incoming voices are clear , as well as the answering machine messages . The display and number buttons are easy to read -- ring tone options are fun -- also can choose colors to identify callers by the ringer indicator light -- a neat feature .
 I bought these because there is one room in the house with no functioning phone jacks so I thought a dual handset phone would be a good idea . Generally speaking , this has worked out very well . The phones are attractive as phones go and work well consistently . The only caveat is that the outgoing volume is not great . It works much better if I use a headset . All in all I am pleased with this product .
 I researched a lot of cordless phones and found this to be among the best . We have an older Panasonic cordless phone in the house that interferes with our wireless network everytime the phone is used it makes our wireless network connection useless -LRB- ugghhh ! -RRB- - but this phone does indeed play nicely with our wireless network with no interferance or problems while using it !
 This was a replacement for a Vtech system I had to send back because of horrible reception and I ca n't say enough good things about this phone.Hand sets feel sturdy but not heavy , keypad is back lit and has many more nice user features such as speaker phone and custom rings . Reception is crystal clear with very good range .
 Great sound , speaker phone out of each handset , perfect answer phone , intercom is great - I ca n't say enough . Very user friendly . And it was on sale at Amazon!UPDATE - 10/21/2008 - Almost 2 years , still perfect !
 Easy to set up , clear sound , great range , and two handset are a great help .
 I would highly recommend this phone set . Easy to program and crystal clear reception . A definite 5 star .
 I am very happy with this phone ! People can hear me well , it has lots of good features , my favorite being the incoming call memory puts the `` 1 '' in on long distance so I can call right back . My AT&T I had to write down the number to call back . The stored phone book is also much simpler to use so I actually use it .
 We are very happy about this product . It looks good and has clear sound .
 I like this brand of a phone . I mean it has all the feachers you need in a phone ; such as , caller ID , Answering machine , voice enhancer , lighted keypad , sp-phone , lighted LCD screen , 5.8 GHz , and many more .
 Been use this phone for several months brought a used one actually , really do n't know why so many people selling this phone ? i do n't see any weakness this phone , this phone has all feature u need for the price ranger , possible best looking in the group . Small size like this is good u dont wan na be too small like cellphone lol . great speaker qualitty , answer machinese , good ring tone . U wo n't regret getting this , battery life is also great !
 Awesome phone ! Let me first say that within this past year my husband and I bought every expandable and non expandable phone available . Yes we tried them all from Uniden to Motorolla to Vtech and this one blows them all out of the water!Pro 's 1 . Very user friendly . I am not the type of person to read instructions and with this phone I did n't need to .2 . 5.8 GHz is awesome ! I live in a large apartment and I can walk all the way down to my laundry room -LRB- about 100 yards away -RRB- and still have a crystal clear connection ! 3 . Phonebook holds up to 50 numbers plus the phonebook is transferable meaning you only have to program one phone and then you can send it to the other 2 handsets .4 . Great speaker phone . Loud and very clear .5 . Light-up indicator to let you know if you have a call coming in , a good feature if you have sleeping babes or loved ones who wake up when the phone rings and you constantly turn your ringer off . Also lets you know if you have a voicemail waiting .6 . Backlight is bright orange and makes the screen easy to read .7 . Great ringtones . You can download ringtones to this phone if you wish , but I choose not to .8 . You can assign different ringtones to different people in your phonebook and also different colors for the light-up indicator to different people . This way you know who is calling without having to run to the phone , whether the ringer is on or off .9 . Great battery life . I left my phone off the charger for 2 days once and still had battery life . I use a phone constantly throughout the day and this phone holds up better than any phone I have ever owned .10 . Very attractive and the perfect size . All of the other phones I owned were either to big and bulky or so small and flimsy .11 . Did I mention that this phone has crystal clear reception and is so easy to use !! Con 's 1 . I was told that if you download a song to this phone , you can only download one song to one phone , so you would have to download up to 3 times to get one song on all your phones . Not a big deal to me cause I do n't really care to download songs to my phone .2 . 3 handsets was a bit much even for my large 1200 sqft apartment . The store did n't have a 2 handset version though I do think Panasonic makes one . Not really a con nor Panasonics fault for that either .3 . As with most expandables you can only press the phone locator from the main base . This does n't seem very logical to me since most people buy an expandable to put all over their house . With a 1 year old around , our phones get hidden all over the house , so to find them we have to run to the bedroom , press the locator , then run around the house to find the where the missing phones are . It 's not really that big of a deal I guess , but it is kind of a pain!That 's about it for the con 's . Not too many at all huh ! This really is a great phone . It may not have the best ringtones or the coolest downloadable features like some phones do , but it has what is really important and then some .
 I ca n't add to the glowing pros already bequeathed upon this phone by other reviewers . What I can say is that I can finally hear my callers . After a miserable run with various cordless phones -LRB- V-Tech , AT&T -RRB- , I was frustrated because every caller sounded as if he was in a water-filled barrel going over Niagara Falls . But here , the sound is clear as a bell . And that 's what it 's all about .
 Unlike other manufacturer 's phones with this feature set , Panasonic is able to deliver on these three important qualities :1 -RRB- Clear incoming sound2 -RRB- Clear outgoing sound3 -RRB- Reliable cordless operationReminder
 This phone system was a snap to set up using the quick start guide . The hardest part is waiting 6 hours for the initial battery charge -LRB- per the instructions -RRB- . The sound quality is quite good and the functionality excellent . We still have n't learned to use all the features and may not ever need them but it 's nice to have them.It 's nice to have : Three phones in the house with only one phone jack being required.An excellent intercom capability.A phone system without a built in answering system . Personally , I have an aversion to all-in-one systems in that you lose the whole system if repairs are required and inevitably , one of the components of the system does n't have all the features desired.Our current setup is that my office is in the basement and my wife 's office is upstairs . What a joy to be able to just call her rather than yell through the heat vent . We have the base unit on first floor and have had zero problems with static or poor sound quality.So far , we have found it necessary to charge the phones every 4 or 5 days which is quite excellent . Overall , we are so pleased with this purchase that we are going to buy one for my parents as a Christmas gift . Good job Panasonic !
 I had to switch to a 5.8 Ghz frequency because of interference with my wireless home network . After a lot of research I bought this phone and it is great ! Clear as can be and I do n't have any type of interference . It works like a cell phone with 7 different ring tones and the 50 number capacity . My kids love it - they each have thier own ring tone for their friends and I have a different one for work . And contrary to what some reviews have said , you CAN transfer the phonebook between phones . You just ca n't transfer the ring tones . It is a great value for the price .
 I love this phone , the 3 handsets are a plus . . I set up a special ring for when my daughter calls . I also like theidea of transferring the phone book info from phone to phone.-The only con I can think of is that when the phone is set on auto answer and you pick up the phone , there is a loud static like noise . . But that is minor . . I am a phone fanatic , for `` my '' money it was worth every penny -LRB- I wish I 'd gotten in on the $ 127 sale -RRB- .
 Great phone system . I have the receiver on the middle floor with the extentions on the first and third floor and it works great . No conflicks with my wireless network . If I could only get my wife to read about all the features we are n't using in the manual .
 This set of phones is super . The speaker phone is so clear the caller can not tell you are useing it . The ring tones are great but I wish you could add more . The handset is light and easy to handle and the battery life is amazing , you can leave it off the charger for almost a week before it needs to be recharged . This was the best phone purchase I have made and I am very pleased .
 I ordered the phone on the 6th and it arrived on the 10th . Great phone with great clarity and a call-id display large enough for someone over 50 to read without glasses .
 Clarity is excellent for regular telephone operation and speakerphone operation . Batteries last through hours of conversation . Conference mode clear without feedback . Does not interfere with other wireless products on premises .
 We were n't happy with the Motorola 4.8 ghz phone we bought about six months ago and were concerned we would n't find one we liked . My brother had the one phone version of this panasonic model and we thought it was pretty cool . He and his wife had it about two months and really loved it . So , we decided to just replace all the phones in our house with this 3 phone model . It has worked out great . There is a special ring tone assigned to my sister in-law so I do n't even have to go near the phone when she calls . Now , if my wife would just assign one for my mother-in-law I would be set . So far this really has been an terrific value and Amazon has it priced far lower than anybody else I could find .
 This is the third Panasonic Telephone I have purchased and have found this brand to be a name you can trust.The Panasonic KX-TG5423M 5.8 GHz DSS Cordless Phone with Three Handsets is by far the best cordless phone I have ever purchased.It has many useful features , is user friendly , and has an extremely long battery life . I followed the manufacturers instructions and allowed my phone to charge for a full six hours and then allowed the battery to run completely dead before recharging which took 5 full days . -LRB- That is a long time when you live in a house with 5 teenagers whom are always on the phone . -RRB- I highly recommend this phone to anyone who lives in a large house , as the phone also had an intercom system on it.No more yelling upstairs to the kids anymore !!!
 Great set of phones . Easy to set up and use . The only reason that I give it a 4 is that the wall hanger looks awful . This contraption was a complete after thought . If you plan on using it find a place where you ca n't see the side .
 I bought the KX-TG5423M because my 2 sets of Uniden 2.4 Ghz phones -LRB- Uniden DCT646-4 and were getting interference from some fluorescent lights near the base station . I ended up turning off the lights - but installing these Panasonic phones has really laid bare what is good and bad about Unidens and Panasonics :1 -RRB- Panasonic 's audio clarity is great , both with and without the voice enhancer circuitry -LRB- an equalization curve that 's meant to improve voice intelligebility -RRB- . The fact that Panasonic thinks to include the voice enhancer shows how in-touch they are with what a phone is really about . The Unidens are hooded and dark , sonicially , by comparison , with noticeably inferior intelligibility .2 -RRB- Software and screen leave something to be desired . Caller ID and Phonebook operations just seem to require more button pushes and are more awkward to remember than with the Unidens . The screen legibility is pretty poor compared to the Unidens too . They all have low grade backlit LCDs , but the Unidens use a thicker font . The Panasonics have a spindly primitive font that gets lost in the reflections . Unidens answer when you lift them off the cradle . Panasonics require you to press the button . Both have similar phonebook and callerID dialing functions - but the Panasonics hide the phone number from you in caller ID until you hit a `` Details '' softkey . Foolish .3 -RRB- Range and battery . I ca n't compare here because these Panasonics are my first 5.8 Ghz . They have excellent range . I have successfully used them in my yard over 75 feet from the base . They reach every corner of my house without static . The Unidens ca n't touch that - but they are 2.4 ghz . Both phones have long-life NiMH batteries , but the Unidens use over-the-counter AA format ones I can cheaply replace . Panasonic uses the more commonly found heatshrinked soldered battery pack you must inevitably order mail-order for $ 20 - $ 30 when you must replace them.Styling and ring colors ? I love the look of these Panasonics , but I do n't get the ring color concept . It just seems like a silly gimmic to me.These 5.8 Ghz Panasonics have been 100 % static free . I have not experienced any interference at all while using them . This is superb performance . So - my conclusion ? While some of the software , caller ID , phone book issues are n't state-of-the-art with the Panasonic KX-TG5423M , the really important issues -LRB- sound quality and range -RRB- are just fantastic . I 'm a happy happy camper .
 Just wanted a basic set of phones to replace old ones . This package of three phones does all the basics well and has a handy speaker phone feature . Consumer Reports ' recommendation comes through , yet , again.Phil
 We got this phone as a Christmas gift and we just love it . The sound is excellent and it 's loaded with features -LRB- caller ID , multiple ring tones , voice message light , phone book , paging , intercom , etc. -RRB- . I love the intercom feature . We have a 3 level house and we put one handset on each level , it 's so convenient for tracking another family member down . We 've had no trouble with it so far . I hope this one lasts a long time !
 I would recommend this product . If somebody is planning to use voip these phones are perfect
 Great features , all performed as advertised . Not many multiple sets without an answering machine to chose from but this fit the bill . I had hoped the upgrade to 5.8 GHz would have improved sound quality over previous phones but did not . However it certainly is the fault of the phone .
 Only one phone working out of three . I replaced the battery they still do n't work . I would love to get replacements for the other phones .
 These phones were everything I expected . They have great clarity and easy to use . These are being used in and industrial enviroment and my employees love them .
 These are the best phones I 've had -- * Are not interfered with by microwaves or other 2.4 GHz appliances -LRB- duh they are 5.4 Ghz phones -RRB- * Can move phone books between handsets , not having the same phone book in each handset is nice if you have kids or two people -LRB- roommates -RRB- who do not want to share/see each others numbers all the time * Batteries last a long time * Range is superb ... I could walk across the street to the donut shot and still have signal -LRB- base station in the center of a 3rd floor apartment -RRB- * Sound is good from the handset , could be a bit louder and maybe not as tinny * As usual , the headset jacks result in complaints of `` you sound distant '' , etc. . . this has been true for the last 3 models of cordless phones I 've had with headset jacks -- an AT&T ; , a no-name brand , and now Panasonic . The headsets work fine w / cellphones , but for some reason they just do n't work well with cordless phones
 I upgraded from my 2.4 G phone to this one . Very nice improvement with sound quality and some additional features . The only disappointing item is that the distance range is n't more than the 2.4 G phone . I tried placing the base unit on the second level of my house to improve range but to no help.Also , I have tried various headsets with my 2.4 G phone and all of them produced results that had the party on the other end complaining that they could n't hear me . I used a Panasonic brand headset with this phone and it gets rave reviews . Everyone says the sound quality is excellent .
 We have a nursery business and I need a phone to walk me around two acres of property . It is the only phone that will go this distance . It has to be a gigarange broad spectrum 2.4 or it wont work ... kathy
 Our purchase came in a timely manner . The phone sets work wonderfully . We no longer hear our neighbors conversations . Would buy from this vendor again.Thank you
 this product is great I wish it had a speaker phone on the base though .
 I tried many phones in my life and did not have far-reaching . This phone exceeded in quality , aesthetics and price to all.I would buy another .
 Great phone . Nice features . Very good sound . This is a quality , reasonably priced , cordless phone .
 I ordered this phone early in November 2005 , and the phone I received was an expansion unit for another model # phone . I returned it the same day , and Amazon ordered another one , and it TOO was the expansion unit , not the 5451S we selected . I returned this one also , but since these were shipped from Target Direct , someone has lost these phones , and now Amazon has almost 200 dollars of my money and wo n't refund me . Be SURE , if you order this and the wrong one arrives , e mail Amazon BEFORE you return it to ensure this does not happen to you also .
 I researched this product to make sure that it would not harm home-written CDs and DVDs . The pen works as advertised perfectly . Ca n't recommend it highly enough . The ink dries instantly.Purchased the pair of pens from Adorama Camera through Amazon.com and their price for this item was excellent . However , I would ding them on their shipping cost -LRB- twice the cost of the very cheap pens -RRB- .
 The pen seems to work fine , although I have n't had it long.However , check your total carefully before confirming you order
 I really enjoy this pen . For it 's intended use they work great , BUT do n't use them on paper . This seems to be very hard on the pen . Im glad that I purchased them .
 An excellent , odorless pen.The fine-point cap is very small , slick and tight - easy to mark up your hands removing or replacing the cap . -- edit -- The fine point started out very fine , ideal even . It has quicklydulled now but still is useable .
 Not sure if the product has changed but the ones I received have markers on both ends . One side is regular and the other is fine point . It is hard to tell that there is a fine point end . You need to pull on the -LRB- bottom -RRB- of pen to get to it.Both ends write smoothly and I am very happy with them .
 Regarding a previous post about a very large shipping charge , Adorama Camera , via Amazon.com , charges $ 6.94 for shipping . That 's for either one or two packs of 2 . You can check if you 're ordering a greater quantity .
 I did a lot of research before buying these pens . There are many out there that say they are intended for CD/DVD writing . However , these are the only ones I found that are guaranteed to be solvent free and alcohol free so that they can not affect the CD surface . The pens have two tips , which is also nice . However , the smaller tip is what I would call `` medium '' and the one I use . The larger tip is really too big to write much in the space available . The smaller tip leaves a dark and easy to read message , and you can get several lines of text on the CD surface if you write very carefully . My only complaint is that these pens are pretty pricey for what they do , especially when one factors in the shipping . I could not find them in any of my local stores , so an online order was the only option . I decided to bite the bullet to make sure I don ' damage my critical CDs and DVDs . Highly recommended .
 These pens have good dark color and the ink is plentiful . I work for a police dept and we use them on all CDs & DVDs . The tips are very nice -- fine and a medium tip for each pen . I would highly recommend them to anyone who feels a sincere need to have an archival pen for long-term storage of marked CDs & DVDs .
 Bought them so as to avoid destroying CDs and DVDs I write on . Other permanent markers are said to be bad for the long-term health of the discs , and these pens are said to not cause the discs to deteriorate . But , we do n't have decades to wait around to find out if it is true or not , so all I can say is that they write OK on the discs . Not quite as smoothly or as well as , say , a Sharpie , but 90 % as well . Works for me . I 've had them a month and they work .
 This product was also ordered on a Friday and shipped `` next day '' and arrived on the following Monday . One of the markers dried up on one end , but overall , its not that big of a deal . Glad I got them .
 Though I think they are over priced , they always mark nice and clear -LRB- pure black -RRB- and dry quickly . It does n't scrape off or eat into the CD/DVD . What more can you ask for your collection .
 Excellent marker - kinda pricey but worth it to know it wont eat through the disc and destroy the data . The ones I received had a fine tip on one end and a medium tip on the other end . They write nice and dry quickly . Would buy them again .
 Each pen comes with two tips , a fine tip on one side and a wide tip on the other . After one month of use , it appears to be holding up well . Since it has no solvents , it does n't smell like other pens . I was unable to find any solvent-free pens at my local stores . Recommended for those who need to mark on archival CDs without incurring any potential long-term damage from the solvents found in other pens .
 I really like having the large and small pen tips . I have to label CDs and DVDs with quite a bit of information sometimes , and having the small tip is perfect .
 After spending hours backing up digital media onto archival DVD 's , the only way to mark them is with these pens . With a Sharpie you can almost smell the info melting away.Get the right pens and keep your workflow in the zone . You pay extra for archival media , do n't blow it with the wrong pen .
 great product i use on all my back up games and they ensure smooth reading from my wii and Xbox applications
 I read a bunch of reviews for these and similar products and decided to take a chance with these , even though I did see a few unfavorable reviews.Long story short
 quality as expected , fast shipment , no need to use to use 20 characters to review this a w e some purchase
 PRO
 I have had these for a while now . I am not sure why some of the other reviewers are complaining about the pens drying out very quickly . Mine have been going strong for almost a year now . I used to use permanent markers on DVDs . The top layer gets ruined on some of the cheaper brands . These pens however put my mind at ease and I have n't had a single CD go bad on me .
 Just started burning my LP 's to CD and needed a permanent marker that would not harm the CD 's . The twin tip design is also useful . Great price , quick shipping .
 Found out at a recent Nikon workshop that maeking CD 's and DVD 's with a regular marker or sharpie can cause damage to data on the disk . If you mark your media , YOU MUST USE THESE PENS ... or risk losing your data .
 I 've had this set for a while , and I ca n't stop praising it . I 'm very happy with this purchase . First of all , sound clarity is astounding . I get excellent reception within 100ft of the base , and have gone as far away as 300ft -- call quality remained acceptable given the distance . The speakerphone also sounds clear , and the balance between the speaker and the microphone is * just right * . I frequently use the speakerphone feature instead of the available headset jack because of the convenience . Battery life is likewise superb -- the phones frequently are on standby for over a week before I decide it 's time to charge them up , and they recharge in a mere couple of hours . Last but not least , the ability to store entries in one handset 's phonebook and sending them to other handsets is sheer brilliance .
 Really , after reading all the positive reviews I tried out this phone . It has exceeded our expectations . Great clarity . We live in a two storywith two kids under the age of three . The conference and paging feature are wonderful and are very useful in locating the kids . The transfer , hold and mute work nice as well . I liked it so much I bought a set for my parents !
 I was looking for a good 5.8 ghz phone with 3 hansets and I found one . I ordered the Panasonic KX-TG5433M after some research , and am very happy with them . The sound quality is excellent and they are packed with features . I was looking at a GE phone because it was cheaper , but decided to steer away from it after reading it 's crappy reviews on this site . The Panasonic had excellent reviews , and I now see why . Ca n't go wrong with this phone .
 This is an excellent phone system with exceptional range . I read the reviews regarding `` missed calls '' message on extensions - it 's not really any big deal . The quality of the reception is exceptional - Panasonic has got the cordless phones figured out . -LRB- Very superior to our previous Uniden . -RRB-
 The included answering machine is excellent.Haven ' t used any fancy features but happy with the basics.Very glad to have 3 phones instead of 2 . The phones are a little small , good for most , but perhaps elderly would like bigger buttons.I get better reception if I am careful to hold the phone lower down , with hand away from antenna -- only an issue in far away part of house with multiple intervening -LRB- heavy brick -RRB- walls .
 Switched from Vtech to this Panasonic and clarity is improved by 100 % . Larger display also helpful.Excellent phone for home and or office use . Highly recommend and would purchase again . Fast delivery to boot !
 We needed multiple phones around the house that worked with our new Vonage system . This Panasonic system was easy to install and use , with answering machine built in . Our previous one was fried in a power outage .
 This is a great set of phones!Pros : * Does n't pick up interferrence from my wireless network * Base set includes an answering machine that is easy to use * Handsets are easy to use , are comfortable , and include numbering to identify which room -LRB- or section of the house -RRB- they belong to ... Cons : * None ! This is the set of phones to buy !!!
 Three handsets are just right for any large family to stay in touch without yelling through the house , but my favorite feature is conferencing between headsets . `` Come down and help with dinner please '' without leaving the kitchen ! The clip on the back makes it easy to stay connected while you are doing housework or relaxing in the yard . I can even go half way down the block and still have great reception . Please note
 After going though different brands of cordless phones for the past 15 years I finally took my time and did a lot of research before buying this . It paid off . The phones are clear and the speaker phone is great for those times you are on hold for an hour waiting for customer service when your internet service is down.I really enjoy being able to program one phone and sending the phonebook info to all of the other handsets . the battery life is outstanding . I talked to my dad in Thailand for two hours with the voice enhancement on and on speakerphone . I only used 1/3 of the battery . Great!My mom got the same phone , but without the two extra handsets . She has a ton of static on her line , but I think it 's because she uses a 3rd party service to find the cheapest call rates .
 These phones were an excellent buy . I was specifically looking for a product that came with at least 3 handsets , ws expandable to 5 handsets and had a digital answering machine . Very easy to program . I have used Panasonic cordless in prior homes and just love them . The new models have smaller handsets which I like . They have a mute button and speaker phone-perfect for all those conferences call when telecommuting . I highly recommend this product . Amazon had the best price-even with shipping .
 We used to have a single handset cordless phone , but somehow the handset never seemed to be in the same part of the house as we were whenever the phone rang . Except for the obvious benefit of the aerobic exercise known as &#8220; the phone dash &#8221; , we decided to switch to a phone that offered more options , and we chose Panasonic because of the reliability of their equipment.Now we have three handsets in convenient places , and we are never that far away from a phone when it rings . The phones are easily identifiable for each location , and you can page from one to another . This is very handy when you are upstairs , and need somebody downstairs to do something for you -LRB- like bring a glass of water for example . -RRB- You can also program each one with a different ring tone if you want to.The bases and handsets are fairly small and don &#8217; t take up too much space . They are also aesthetically pleasing for most decors , or easy to hide if they don &#8217; t fit in . There &#8217; s Call Waiting and Caller ID , and an answering machine where you can record your own distinctive message . You can check messages from any handset , and also play back old messages if you wanted to . The only problem so far is that once you answer a call , the other two handsets record this as a missed call , so lesser used units rack up the missed calls at an alarming rate.You can store numbers and do all sorts of other things once you &#8217; ve read the manual -LRB- which of course I haven &#8217; t -RRB- but it &#8217; s all menu driven and fairly idiot proof even if I say so myself . The handset displays even tell you when they need charging , and when they &#8217; re ready to go again , and light up so you don &#8217; t have to fumble with buttons in the dark.Add all this to the clarity of the sound , and you know that this is a winner all the way.Amanda Richards , March 4 , 2006
 I spent quite a large amount of time researching cordless phones before deciding to purchase this unit . There have been many complaints about Panasonic 's slightly older lines of 2.4 and 5.8 GHz phones . However , this phone appears to be of an entirely different desgin as evidenced by the slimmer handset form factor . I have had this phone for a few weeks and have not run into any performance issues.While the phone suffers from a few minor flaws such as having to pay to download ring tones on each handset and having handsets register missed calls when another handset is used to answer the phone , these types of issues are pretty much omnipresent in the current generation of multihandest/expandable handset phone systems.This product is not perfect but seems much more reliable and than many of the other top of the line phone systems out there . I highly reccomend this product !
 I have been using this phone for about a week now and absolutely love it . It does everything I could ask and more . Easy to use , easy to navigate and the ringers -LRB- which they could have added more than 7 -RRB- sound loud and powerfull . The range is great , the sound quality is great and I ca n't say enough about all the options and features . I 'm Happy , finally !!!! Oh by the way Macdermott , I bought mine new on Ebay for $ 140 !!!
 I originally purchased a AT&T E5965C and returned it because of the bad user interface and poor usability . KX-TG5433M is great , some of the nice features
 For years I 've been wondering why my landline phone is so stupid compared to my cell phone . Finally I have one that incorporates some of the sensible features of my cell phone , such as a variety of ringtones , storage of received and dialed numbers , automatic fill-in of 1 in front of long-distance numbers , etc. . The three handsets are really great to have , and I love that when you program a feature into one you can transmit that feature to all three . But what really sets this phone apart -LRB- particularly from my cell phone -RRB- is the sound quality . Even my mother , who is somewhat hard of hearing , has no trouble distinguishing voices on this phone . My only problem with this phone is that I put one of the handsets down somewhere , and the range of the phone is so large that it has n't turned up for over a month !
 Purchased this phone system about 4 months ago . Could n't be happier . I was looking for a 5.8 GHZ phone with answering feature and at least 2 satellite phones that did n't need their own phone jacks . This system does exactly that . Just plugged it in and charged all 3 phones overnight . Cyrstal clear and no problems whatsoever.Handsets are sturdy and simple to use . If you 've never used a cordless phone with a speakerphone in the handset you 'll never go back to a speakerless phone after using these . Though not great for conversations -LRB- true 2-way speakerphones are 4 to 5 times this price -RRB- the speakerphone is perfect for monitoring calls that have put you on hold or weaving through the maze of automated answering systems.It would 've been nice if you could download your own ringtone -LRB- you have 7 to choose from -RRB- . Otherwise , these are very nice phones and are a real value at this price range .
 If there has any product that is too good to be true -- it is this one . The 3 handsets have been a godsend in this house where no one can ever find a phone . We have one on each level and each phone has it 's own extension # - so if one is missing , you can page that extension only and find it fast . Being able to retreive messages from the handsets is great . We also love the distinctive ring tones , but wish they had a few more annoying ones -LRB- you know for your in-laws or spouse 's best friend -RRB- . Let me warn you though if you thought being able to intercom to another phone is a great idea -- think again -- it is very convenient when someone is sick or outside or in the basement and you 're upstairs -- but inevitably , it becomes `` can you bring me ... or I 'd like to have this ... and if you do n't answer right away -- they keep calling all the extensions until you do . But , I still would n't trade this phone system for any other . Love it !!
 This phone has all the features anyone could possibly need . It 's also relatively easy to figure out , since the interace is similar to your average cell phone 's menu-style interface . One thing I was surprised by though , is if you pay to download a ringtone , you only get it on ONE of the handsets ! You have to pay 3 times to put the same ring tone on all the handsets . I got burned by this , and it 's why I 'm giving it 4 stars .
 I bought this phone recently , and so far extremely pleased with it . I love the speaker-phone feature in each handset , and ability to `` call '' from one handset to another . Have n't had any problems with reception , and sound quality is fantastic and people on the other end hear me better than with my old phones.Highly recommmended !
 I think my headline says it all . We 've been using this happily for a couple of years now . I would definitely buy Panasonic again .
 It 's been about 6 months now since I put the phones in the house . I read the directions and hooked everything up and all worked as it was supposed to . My wife is also very pleased with the way it all worked in the household with no problems . We had three different plug in phones and now all is one system with no problems so we are very pleased . As with anything new it takes some effort and time to learn the new product and get used to it but once over that hurdle we are very happy with the phones .
 Totally excellent , has all the bells and whistles I wanted , but maybe that is why the battery life seems a bit short . Other than that I love all of the features . Being able to use it as an intercom between different parts of the house is really nice and transferring data is really a plus when you have 3 phones to maintain . Very clear sound and no interference with my wi-fi in the house !!!
 Great telephone with 2 headsets . Works great and has nice features . Love the ability to call the 2 headsets .
 This is an incredibly good product . It is worth paying an extra 20 bucks for the superior quality . I have been very pleased with the performance since I purchased it .
 Of course , with the name panasonic , you know it 's gon na be quality before you buy it , but I was pleasently surprised with all the cool features and good sound when it arrived . Good choice , I suggest this phone for someone in the market .
 I purchased this phone last months so far I liked it , I purchased this phone to replace panasonic KX-TG2730 2.8 GHz which I purchased last year and it died in 2 weeks . This phone has good battery life . I charges it once a week . Voice clarity is also good . Size is also handy as compared to my previous one . I hope this phone last longer .
 Have n't had much chance to use the phones but have had great clarity and range thus far . Also love the speaker phone feature on the handsets . I am a mother of two small kids and this feature has been invaluable already .
 Happy to finally have a phone that works without added extra noise and static .
 I recently purchased the Pansonic KX-TG5433M phone system with 3 handsets . I was only looking for two but this phone sounded so good from the reviews that I read that I decided to go for it . I 'm very glad that I did.The phone quality is excellent , and there are plenty of features . I sent my kids outside to test the range of the phone and I was shocked how far away they got before it started breaking up . Fantastic range.I wanted to save some money so I bought a refurbished phone . Looks brand new and was packaged well . I ca n't tell the difference.The 3rd phone really comes in handy as well.The only drawbacks are the ringtones . There are n't many to choose from and I only found one that was acceptable to me but it 's fine .
 I have tried many cordless phones over the past year with little success until I received the Panasonic . Most reviews were right on and I have been very satisfied.Pro : Great range.Very good sound quality.Great speaker phone.Easy to Use.Long battery life.Doesn ' t interfer with my wireless network.Cons : As mentioned in most reviews each handsets saves the missed calls which gets a little annoying at times but it does serve a purpose . I can erase all the calls on the 2 handsets I use and my daughter can still see which calls she missed.I would highly recommend this phone !
 We are so pleased with the Panasonic KX-TG5433M phones we purchased from Amazon a few months ago , that we are ordering the same system for our local adult day care charity
 This is a phone system that suited the needs of our household . The reception from the single transmitter to the handsets upstairs is clear and strong . It works out in the yard and even next door . The encryption ensures security . I appreciate any electronic device that is so trouble free and does what it is supposed to do without problem that you forget the problem ridden object that it replaced . These phones work well without having to think about them , except if you 're writing a review . I 'm not a person who demands a lot of features . I like that you can copy the frequent call list to the other handsets , and I like the intercom feature . Well worth the money.Dr . Scott
 We purchased this phone system to replace one we have had for 3 years - We love the phone . The sound quality is excellent with or without the voice enhancer feature enabled . The built in answering system is easy to use and the menu is easy . This is our first 5.8 Ghz phone but the distance we can use the phones is great and you should have not trouble in a home situation.Cons
 I purchased the Panasonic KX-TG5433M w / 3 handsets about 2 months ago and have been very happy with their performance.The 3 handsets come with charging bases and do n't require a telephone jack which is a very nice convenience in rooms that do n't have a telephone jack.The answering machine works just fine , have n't had any problems with it and the reception/range of the phones has never failed.I 'd recommend these phones to anyone looking for a phone system for the whole house .
 Our entire family is very pleased with this purchase . Amazing reception , crystal clear . The persons who we have spoken with on the phone have never asked us to repeat a phrase because they have not heard us , or were not able to understand us . While I do not recommend dropping the phone onto tile or hard wood floors , we have , and the phones amaze us each time , as their is no damage . Awesome !!
 The three phone package works very well for a 2000 square foot home . Signal quality is excellent even when we carry the unit far from the base station . We do not use the answering mailbox system . The menu system seems pretty straightforward and I appreciate the ability to transfer phone books from one unit to another . The speakerphone works satisfactorily , albeit it is not as loud as other speakerphones . I particularly liked the ability to transfer incoming call telephone numbers into the phone book with just a few keystrokes .
 These are excellent phones with great range and sound quality . Small size and lots of features . My ony gripes with the system are
 For me the perfect system is one that I do n't need phone jacks installed all over the house , and one that has the versatility to be moved from one location to another I choose . This Panasonic cordless system is the one ! Additionally , I have found it to be the most user-friendly system yet . This is my 3rd cordless phone system , but my first Panasonic and I recommend it highly . I 've had more expensive systems thinking that they must be the best , but I found that the most expensive did n't mean that at all . They turned out to be very difficult to use , and did n't last long . This Panasonic system turned out to be just perfect for me .
 I work for a communications interconnect company installing business telephone systems , and computer networks . I deal with lots of high end digital PBX systems during the day at work so for me it was hard to find something that suited me that was simple -LRB- for home -RRB- yet reliable . I read lots of reviews and since I sell Panasonic KX-TDA series business phone equipment I thought I would try the KX-TG5433M phones . I love them they are very easy to use and the sound quality is perfect . Responsibly I recommend this series of Panasonic phones to anyone that needs more than one handset .
 I bought a 2.4 GHZ phone before this one , it could n't work because the wireless internet . So I returned that and bought this one . It works great . Powerful and simple .
 I 've been using this phone system for about a month now and am very pleased with its clarity . The handsets are compact , but study feeling . The speakerphone function has come in handy and its sound quality is pretty decent as well .
 I ordered this Panasonic phone system because I have the 2 line version in my office and was very satisfied . The phones are great . I was having wireless internet connection problems , and after getting rid of the different cordless phones that I had , I connected this system and I have n't had any wireless internet problems . I highly recommend this system .
 Wonderful reliable phone . Lives up to panasonic name in cordless phones . speaker , buttons and functions are excellent . Works well with VOIP service . suggested improvement
 We love this phone system . It has brought the entire house together and the intercom part is the best . The best value of all the phone systems we shopped for -- Amazon had the best price . Thank you .
 Excellent Product -- I have had no problems whatsoever . Best phone system I have ever had .
 This is the third time I have bought a phone system with one base and multiple handsets , and this is the best one I have used so far . The reasons range from trivial -LRB- I like the sounds of the ring tones -RRB- , to significant -LRB- you can use multiple handsets at once -RRB- . The two most important features for me before purchase were :1 -RRB- 5.8 Ghz spread spectrum . My old phone was a 2.4 Ghz , and it would occasionally interfere with my wireless computer network . It was very annoying . My moving to a phone that uses a different frequency range , the problem is completely avoided .2 -RRB- The ability to use multiple handsets at the same time . Another phone I previously had would not let two handsets talk in the same conversation at the same time . This was just miserable . This phone lets you do this without any problems.After purchase , I found that it had some other amazing features :1 -RRB- Each phone has a unique ID , and you can conference between the handsets . With the range this phone has , my wife and I now carry them around outside -LRB- we have a 3 acre yard -RRB- and use them to talk to each other .2 -RRB- The phone has an AMAZING speakerphone capability on each handset ! This was not on my radar at all , but it is really useful .3 -RRB- When playing back messages it has recorded , it shows you the caller ID entry for the message . Really nice touch .4 -RRB- While I do n't know much about it yet , I can apparently keep the numbers in the phone 's phonebook in sync with those stored in Outlook in my computer . I can also download new ringtones , but that 's not so importent to me . More info on this is available at www.openlcr.com.The ONLY annoying thing about this phone is that when you answer a call on one handset , the other two handsets register it as a ` missed call ' in the caller ID list . I considered rating it 4 stars for this , but once you get used to it , the rest of the features more than make up for it .
 Save your time , and your money ... this is the phone you want . I have tried them all , and Panasonics last for years and never let us down . We use this system on our Voip , Packet 8 service and it works perfectly . It is so loaded with handy and useful features , that we are spoiled by it . We rush to answer the phone as this is such a pleasure to use . Panasonic really outdid themselves with the 5433 , we just love it . You enter all your phone numbers in one handset and it will copy them over to the other two handsets for you ... one at a time or all at once , truly a neat feature . You set the time on one set , any one you like , and the other two handsets pick it up automatically . Did I mention we are happy ?
 I 've done quite a bit of research to ensure the next phone I buy would work well for my family . I ended up with this Panasonic . This is my first Panasonic phone and time will tell with regards to long term reliability . I 've owned the phone for about a month now and thought I would share a few comments.Its range is fair . I 've seen better in a 2.8 GHz model . To quantify this
 I have had 3 different cordless phones in the past - Panasonic , Sony and Bell . Sony - and Bell bought in 1998 and Panasonic in 2000 . Panasonic was without doubt the best of them , so the choice was very clear - it was going to be a panasonic this time and also I was going to buy a phone that had intercom facility to be able to communicate between different floors in my houseI pre-ordered this telephone and using it extensively since them . -LRB- Positive -RRB- What I like about this telephone : - Excellent voice quality - Excellent speaker phone - Large lighted display - easy to read - 5.8 GHz Does not interfere with wireless LAN - Intercom facility - Different address book for each handset , with feature to transferaddress book from one handset to the other _ Facility to switch call received on one handset to the other - Choose different ring tones for different callers - Choose different color light bands on the handset for different callers - Voice enhancer - amplifies the voice - Ergonomics - looks and handles very comfortably - Either dial the number first and then press talk orpress talk and then dial the number -LRB- Negative -RRB- What I do not like - It is not expandable , if I want to add a new handset later - Too pricey -LRB- Dream -RRB- Wish List - Current time display - Alarm facility - would be very useful - Noice filter - Something like music players which canfilter out high frequency noises - International caller id standard support - caller ID does not work in India
 This phone works quite well . The pros outnumber the cons by a good margin . Our configuration is one phone upstairs in the master bedroom , one in the kitchen , and another in the basement which we use as a kids playroom.We like being able to pick up the messages from any one of our three phones . We also like the phone book feature that can be initiatied on one phone and then sent to the others so all of the listings can stay synchronized.We have not used the intercom feature just because we do n't have that big of a house and we do n't take the phone outside very often . But we have tested it and it works well.These are some consThe speaker phone button is too close to the talk button . The talk button has to be pressed to answer incoming calls and sometimes we mistakenly hit the speaker button . Easily corrected during the call but kind of a pain.Sometimes we encounter static on the line but the people to whom we are speaking tell us they can hear us clearly.My wife says that the prompts are not clear on playing back messages but it is not a problem for me.This phone system is pricey -LRB- as you may have already noticed -RRB- but it has worked out well in our house .
 I use this phone in a three story house and have great coverage throughout - main unit on first floor . Since it is an old house , we have very few phonejacks so this is a great solution . Moreover , my husband can take the phone to the garage - about 100 yards away - and I can page him using the other phones or he can answer the phone ! We have been nothing but happy with this purchase .
 OK , first let me say that I am very particular when it comes to phones . So I did quite a bit of research before choosing the Panasonic.The most important thing is that I can HEAR on this telephone . The sound is crystal clear , no static . We live in a L shaped brick home and other phones -LRB- cheaper varieties -RRB- sounded horrible if you walked 30-40 ft away . This one is great all over our property , 1/2 acre . I have n't tried it any further , but no doubt it would work at greater distances.The answering machine is a great one , too . Also , crystal clear and it saved us $ 3.95 a month by allowing us to cancel voice mail with our local phone company.The neatest bell -LRB- or whistle , if you prefer -RRB- is the intercom system . With the shape of our home , it is hard for my kids to hear me when they are on the other end . But now no problem . I just hit intercom , choose the phone that I want to page and it gives a special ring . My kids know that this ring is one they can answer , and we can maintain a conversation on the phone . There might be a time limit but we have never reached it if there is.Oh , and I almost forgot the speakerphone option on each handset . The other day I was on hold -LRB- BTW , it was the phone company I was waiting on to cancel my voice mail -RRB- . I was ironing at the time , so I hit the speakerphone button , set the phone down and continued to iron until I heard someone pick up . It also , was clear and loud enough . That little button will get quite some use in this house.I 'm technically challenged , so I ca n't tell you about all of the wonderful things this phone can do , but suffice to say that this busy mom of 3 is extremely pleased.Another reviewer mentioned the plastic on the phone . And I would agree it seems to be a lighter , less sturdy plastic than my old v-techs . However , not enough of an issue for us to drop a star . So this one rates a full 5 STARS !!
 We purchased a competing phone , but took it back because I was not pleased with the sound quality . This phone is as clear as a bell.It would be nice if the menu was a little easier . It would be nice if the main base unit was a speaker phone too . It would have been nice too if all of the buttons on the phone lit up . Only the number pad glows . So basically , you can dial the number in the dark , but unless you are not familiar with the phone , you will not be able to do anything else :-RRB- These are not enough to lower the ratings though.Otherwise , the phone has it all plus quality .
 First off , it is easy to program all of the nifty features the system has to offer . I 've put in a telephone book into the 3 receivers and it was simple to do . Now all you do is look up the name and click `` talk '' and you 're talking to the party.The melodies and tones are great and easy to hear . I have hearing aids and the telecoils assist without any further adjustments or removals . Switching between callers is no problem and you can conference call as well.This is well worth the price for a phone system .
 I am 64 years old and this has to be the best phone I have had.The speaker phone is so clear I use it most of the time . I have had speaker phones in the past that were so bad you could n't understand what was being said . Also people told me I sounded like I was in a barrel talking to them over it.It has a lot of extras such as caller IQ , caller ID , and you can talk from phone to phone or on a conference call using two of the handsets.If you are in the market for a 5.8 GHz cordless phone I do not think you will be dissatisfied with this unit .
 Due to the last review , I thought I would tell you we purchased ours at Walmart.The price was $ 174.00 . We just purchased it tonight , and in 2 minutes we were up and running . This really seems like a great phone system .
 Bought a set for my parents house and we all love it . No more running for the phone as we have one in the office , one handset in the living room and one is the dinning room . Clear signal and easy display to read .
 William J. Macdermott , you are wrong . The Panasonic KX-TG5433M is availble at very common brick and mortar stores like Target and WalMart .
 This phone is a Perfect cordless phone . A money well spent ... All the features work great ... No complains at all . I am loving it .
 I love your prompness in shipping.The phones are great , but I did knock the base unit out by static electricity when I touched the phone one day . I called Panasonic and they walked me through getting it back up and running.As for the service agreement , I hope I never have to use it , but it is in place if the time should come.Thanks for keeping your sight safe and your products worth ordering.Velma
 I am very satisfied with this phone system
 I purchased this system because of the number of handsets and for the fact that a phone jack is not required for each . The phone system has a lot of great features including being able to listen to messages from the answering machine from any handset . . without having to go to where the base is located . Another feature I like is that the ring tone and volume has many different settings . The one thing I do n't like about the phone is that if you answer a call from handset # 1 , then handsets # 2 and # 3 will say that you missed a call , even though you did n't actually miss one ... you just answered it from another handset . The fact that you can program a phone book and then transfer it to the other 2 handsets was a cool feature as well . All in all , I think this system was well worth the money ... mainly because I have a handset in the basement , bedroom and living room for easy access . That was the main feature I was looking for ... everything else is just icing on the cake !!! For someone who wants multiple handsets but does n't have phone jacks throughout the house , I do recommend this product . I think you 'll be pleased !
 These phones work nicely - I have had Panasonic cordless phones for the past few years and am always satisfied , while other brands always seem to break within a year .
 These phones work great and sound great , just wish you could add more to them that is the only reason I didnt give them a 5 .
 Been using these for 4.5 years now . No issues at all . Sound quality is good , battery life still great , has no interference at all with our wifi due to its spectrum . Definitely would buy again . We have the base unit on the top floor of a two story house and one of the remote receivers in the basement has no issues at all.Only gripe is that if you 're on mute and change between speaker and handheld mode mute will turn itself off . BEWARE OF THAT if you 're on a conference call and swapping between those modes : -RRB-
 Have used panasonic cordless phones for over 15 years . These hadsets are great . I have been using them for 3 years now and have had no issues .
 Hard to go wrong with any Panasonic phone , this phone has good clear sound and is easy to program to fit your needs . It would be a better if the handset was just a little bit bigger . Can not go wrong with this phone system .
 Excellent product . Working Flawlessly since more than a year . Nice range and excellent sound quality .
 it small but you can hear clear enough.its well designd , light to hold , all functions are easy to understand even by my 9 year old boy who probebly knows more than me . i strongly recomend it .
 This is a difficult phone to find in stores . Right now there seems to be a nation-wide backorder . If you can find one , grab it.This set of 3 is well worth it . I plan to eliminate my phone bill and ISP clutter and streamline everything with Verizon fiber optic FIOS and their Voicewing internet calling .
 This is a very good phone and answering system . I do n't get any `` feedback/echo '' like I have on other phones . I like being able to retrieve my messages from the handsets . The phones stand up and I like that not having to always lay them down when not in the charger . The video -LRB- see it in action -RRB- on this page is not for this phone . I do n't think I can add any more handsets to this system though .
 The thing I like about this phone package is that it comes with 3 handsets , plus the base -LRB- which is not a stand-alone speaker phone -RRB- . The price for this bundle was comparable to sets that only came with 2 handsets . Being that is 5.8 ghz & digital I have found the clarity great . Have not really tested out the range by going very far outside , so I can not comment as to that aspect . It has a feature called Voice Enhancer that I turned on once , and it seemed to actually make background noise , it seemed to me anyway . I do not use the answering machine function because I would rather use my voicemail service through my VOIP company . There is an identical package that has a base without the answering machine , but it was more expensive at that time . The built in `` phonebook '' is very convenient , especially how you can copy and send the entries to the other two phones , without having to reenter . The different ringtone options for different callers is a cool option , except for the fact that I find most of the tones to be pretty cheesy & too anoying for my liking . Overall , I would highly recommend .
 I 'd been searching for a feature-packed digital 5.8 GHz phone and this is just what I was looking for . Of paramount importance was the ability to conference call . Other cordless phones I 'd purchased lacked this feature , which was very frustrating . Alas , one frustration eliminated . I really do n't think you can go wrong with this unit .
 I have had nothing but problems from my previous phones ; of which there were 3 . I was n't aware of the particulars in GHz for example and digital . Once I read up on the information , I began to look at various phones and what they had to offer.This was the best choice I could have ever made ! I am so pleased with the phones many functions , including the intercom . I no longer have to yell for someone to pick up the phone . In addition , the sound is clear and the ring tone options I have had fun with.Also , I can keep the phone as close to my computer as I want without interference.I 'm sorry I waited so long !
 We bought this phone after using many different cordless phones so far.But we are so satisfied with this phone , we now think why did n't buy this phone before and waited so long.we are very impressed with the additional sets which work just with power supply , so we can use anywhere in the house . It is the best value for the money .
 I really like this phone . The best feature is that you can use all three handsets at the same time if you want . The sound is clear , the ringers are really unique & you do n't have to have phone jacks for each handset . I gave it four stars only because I feel the answering machine should beep to alert you of a received message . Very good buy .
 We replaced an earlier Panasonic cordless phone system with the 5433 and must say that this system is far superior to the earlier model . Only thing missing is a flashing light when a message is waiting . Otherwise 5 star ! Hearability , each hand-set speaker phone , size , etc. is excellent .
 This simple device is small enough to be carried with a laptop and makes it far easier to use . While the fully upright mode is best to use with an external keyboard , being too high to use the built-in keyboard , both of the other settings are quite comfortable for typing . I own three of these devices , one for travel , and one for each of my laptops at home . It 's a workable , inexpensive solution .
 i use this at work because i work off of a work laptop - it made it a lot easier to view my monitor and keeps and i never get the achy feeling in my wrists !
 I purchased two of these , one for my work laptop which is a 15 '' HP and one for my personal laptop which is a MacBook Pro 13 '' . Works great for both ! Inexpensive solution with 3 adjustable heights and folds down super thin for easy storage or portability ! Seems to be good quality , even for the inexpensive price !
 I 've owned Panasonic phones in the past without problems until I bought one of the cheaper units as an extra Cordless remote -LRB- 2.4 Ghz -RRB- . It was a real basket case , losing signals frequently -LRB- no Wi-Fi in my house to cause possible interruption -RRB- . This Cordless was like talking on a cellphone , if you can relate to that ! It was $ 49.00 after rebate and I held onto it too long to return even -LRB- stupid me -RRB- . However , this KX-TG5452M 5.8 GHz model shines without a hitch . I guess it pays to spend more for the higher end models . I 'm pleased with the many options available which were not described entirely in the online specs or box . I use it for business and the remote message retrieval options are great ! It also has 21 minutes total recording time which was a major reason to choose it . Some people just do n't know how to leave a ` brief message ' after your ` outgoing message ' told them to do just that . Before you know it those 15 minute recording time units are full up , so this one can still fly with some more messages . Another cool feature is the yellow ring on the Cordless antenna blinks so you can tell from a distance that you have messages.Originally , I thought I 'd be confronted with the typical electronics - confuse the heck out of you - learning curve , but it was not so . Panasonic has kept this one simple but a great performer.The best part was that it comes with the extra handset , so I tossed the cheapo cordless!You wo n't regret buying this one !!!
 This is the best cordless phone set I have ever bought and at a great price . The audio quality is crystal clear and I found it very easy to learn how to use the menus . The only thing I did not like was the angle of the base when mounted on the wall but it is not a big deal it just makes me wonder what the designers are thinking about when they design a product . Overall I am very impressed with this product .
 This will sound like an overstatement , but , I love this phone . Its set-up is logical , the extra handset is very useful , in fact I should have ordered the three handset model . I relied on the reviews to purchase this model , and everything they said was true .
 I have owned several other brands of cordless phone systems . Most all were vulnerable to interference and had very low audio quality . The Panasonic phone system is easy to use -LRB- once you have read through the detailed instructions -RRB- andperforms very well . At 5.8 Ghz , there is little if any interference . The audio quality is excellent . In addition , the battery life is very good - a one hour conversation will barely deplete it . The menu driven setup and features are a bit complex , but once one is familiar with them , they are easy to navigate.Definitely the best cordless phone available . A lot of performance for the money .
 After having repeated bad experiences with the reliabilty of Panasonic appliances , I was reluctant to purchase another product from them . However , the combination of size , features and price and 15 years of boycotting their products , convinced me it was time to give them one more shot.So far , no problems . It was easy to set up and use . The basic features were easy enough to figure out without resorting to the manual , and the sound quality is good . The head set connector is the common mini pin type , so you can use your old headsets if you have them . Now that I have the two hand set model , I wish I bought the three set one instead , Can you add another hand set ?
 I have owned Panasonic phones for years and been happy with the quality . I wanted to upgrade to the 5.8 Ghz and have a phone with multiple headsets.After reading about the phone on Consumer Reports and these reviews I purchased this phone and also the model that sits on the wall for the kitchen -LRB- Panasonic KX-TG5422M 5.8 GHz DSS Cordless Phone with Dual Handsets -RRB- . So now I have 4 headsets throughout the house!The reception is great and the phone was easy to program . I like the extra features -- the ability to have different rings , sounds and color lights associated with people in the contacts . The answering machine is clear . The phones are much lighter weight than earlier models which makes them easier to hold.I highly recommend the phones .
 Overall I like the phone but I find the lack of a speed dial feature curious . My last Panasonic cordless phone had it as does my cellphone but this phone does not . My 97 year old mother in law now has to learn to punch a few more buttons to call her sister and for her it 's a big challenge . On the old phone , she just pushed one button , held it in , and the phone connected.Otherwise , it 's a great phone !
 This is an excellent phone . Good reception , Caller Id , speaker phone , and mute features . The headset feature is also very useful .
 great phone , easy set up , lightweight , menu etc. easy to navigate , love panasonic products ...
 Canon claims that the colors wo n't fade for 20 years , guaranteed . I ca n't verify the claim because the oldest pictures I printed on Canon 's paper are probably 5-6 years old but those look as fresh today as they did the day I printed them . None of them were exposed to direct sunlight for any significant amount of time but some of them have been sitting in my office for that many years , under constant fluorescent light -LRB- framed and under glass -RRB- and they continue to look great , 5 years later.I should note that I used the paper with a Canon photo printer loaded with Canon ink cartridges . Canon 's original ink cartridges are expensive on a ` per photo ' basis and the paper is n't a bargain either but I am more than pleased with the end-results . I will continue to use Canon paper in the future.Oh , and , to my surprise , I experienced the same spectacular results with an HP printer .
 I print with a Canon 9000 and if you want the best printouts at a reasonable price per page , this is it . One of the things I like about this paper is how white it is and how little ink is required to produce vibrant colors.Now I often print with the higher end papers like Photo Rag and Premium Matte and those are great and all , but in reality they are only about 10 % better results than this paper , cost 2.5 times as much per square inch and most importantly they DRINK ink . Total cost of ownership and the resulting pics you get put this paper at the top of the Canon list for my most frequent pic printing needs .
 I 'm very pleased with this photo paper . It works well with my Canon MP460 all-in-one printer . Pictures are clear and look just like they came from a photo lab .
 I did n't think the brand of photo paper was important when printing photos ... boy was I wrong ! This paper printed near photo lab results but I am also using a Canon printer which might make a difference .
 My son wanted this photo paper for Christmas . He has a new son so lots of pictures are being taken . This paper is the best .
 This is a standard item , but I was very pleased with the price and the timeliness of the shipment.I will definitely order regularly .
 I did n't give it a 5 because it was not as glossy as I expected . Otherwise , it is a good quality , professional looking print .
 I have several canon printers . Only use thier paper for the best results . Photo paper plus or Pro is the only way to go .
 I tested my new Canon i960 with a variety of papers . Like most printers , the output is much better when using the manufacture 's own paper -LRB- as opposed to the cheaper generic paper -RRB- , but there is no need to buy the most expensive `` Pro '' paper as neither I nor my wife could discern ANY difference between the two . There may be a benifit to the `` Pro '' paper that can not be seen -LRB- lasts longer ? -RRB- but at almost twice the cost it is not worth it - this paper will produce the highest quality prints on your Canon printer -LRB- I think they look better than the ones I get from the photo lab -RRB- .
 I have a Canon S300 printer - basically a 2-year-old , fifty dollar printer - and with this paper I get lab quality prints . I can print my 2 megapixel photos at 8x10 size.With the cost of this paper -LRB- $ 0.50 / sheet -RRB- plus the ink -LRB- $ 0.50 / sheet -RRB- coming to $ 1/sheet , that 's not bad for an 8x10 . Go for it an impress your grandma .
 I just got my Canon i550 printer . I printed out a photo on plain paper , and the quality is very bad . I was so disappointed . I started to doubt people 's praises on the Canon printer . Then I bought the Cannon Photo Paper Plus Glossy , and was stunned at the printed result . It 's dark room development quality . So I guess it 's the combination of the printer and the paper that makes it look good.Price
 I have the Canon MP500 printer and Canon Rebel XT camera - both capable of producing amazing results , but paper makes a HUUUUGE diference in photo printing . I have both the Canon Photo Plus Glossy and the Photo Pro papers . If you are looking to print out very impressive photos , then I would recommend getting the 8x10 Photo Plus Glossy - definitely nice enough to frame . And with Plus glossy , you 're definitely saving $ instead of paying $ $ $ to have professional photos done at a professional or retail store . And I even scanned a professional photo that I had done last year with my MP500 and printed using Plus Glossy , and the print is significantly better than the original.Pros
 Tired of paying the higher prices associated with Canon brand photo paper -LRB- versus any other brand of photo paper -RRB- , I decided to do a little quality comparison right at home . I bought some less expensive Microsoft photo paper that was also termed `` high gloss '' photo paper -LRB- by the way , you 'll disover that there is clearly no industry standard of `` high gloss '' - it seems anything can be branded as high gloss no matter what the quality -RRB- . I decided to try to print out a low-resolution photo on each type of photo paper and compare them both . For starters , my Canon printer would not even let me choose the option of low resolution when I selected any other type of photo paper aside from Canon . So I had to settle for printing a medium-resolution photo on the Microsoft paper and comparing it to the low-resolution photo printed on the Canon high gloss . AMAZING what a difference there was - the Canon paper beat out the Microsoft paper by far , even with low resolution . Furthermore , even when I swtiched to high resolution for the Microsoft paper , there was no comparison to the low resolution Canon paper . Canon really knows how to make the best photo paper - pay the price , it 's well worth it .
 I own a Canon i860 photo printer and love it ! I 've tried several different types of paper and this Canon Photo Paper Plus -LRB- I use the glossy finish -RRB- produces the best results I 've ever gotten . It is impossible for me to tell the difference between the ones I print at home and lab-produced prints . I think it is certainly worth the price Amazon is currently charging . This paper beats out Kodak Picture Paper for quality , as well as the HP papers I 've tried , even better than Jet Print Professional papers I 've used . Of course , I love the Canon printer too , so it 's a great combination . I think you 'll be pleased with this paper , especially if you have a photo printer .
 This paper is great It has canon printed on one side so you know the difference between the two sides . the pictures come out clear and concise . I am not a professional but I cant tell the difference between the pictures i printed and the ones from the lab . i believe its all in the printer and paper . They are all from from canon
 Great paper for printing contacts , 8x10s , using a canon printer , good color output , great price .
 We have a Canon iP4000 printer and the photos printed on this paper is by far the best out of the all of the brands we 've tried .
 I truly think this is the best photo paper for the money , on my Canon IP6600D the images are near photo quality , bright , and have zero smudging .
 This phone needs to do about what I needed it to do . I only bought it cause I needed a wired phone to use in conjunction with my wireless headset . It works ok .
 With a solid built and quality sound , this phone meet my expectation . No electric needed , it serves well as a back up phone .
 We always have one land line phone that does not require power and is a wall mount . This phone is an excellent match for us and we could not beat the price .
 I got this phone for my wife to use in her office . She has a bluetooth earpiece connected to it , and she loves them both . She can roam about the house talking with no problems.The phone was easy to set up and has several ways to adjust volumn . i would recommend this phone to anyone , just 25 bucks .
 I AM VERY SATISFIED WITH MY PANASONIC CALLER ID PHONE . THE LAST ONE I HAD THE RECEIVER KEPT ON FALLING OFF AND THIS ONE DOESNT . I MEANT TO GET A SPEAKER/CALLER ID PHONE BUT THIS ONE WITHOUT THE SPEAKER IS JUST FINE . THANK YOU SO VERY MUCH FOR SUCH WONDERFUL PRODUCTS AND GREAT PRICES . MAY GOD BLESS JANICE AYERS
 Good solid product . Functions well . Great for power outages , since it does n't need to be plugged into an AC outlet -LRB- Battery powered -RRB- . The only drawback was the unlit display -LRB- ca n't see in dim light or darkness -RRB- . A longer handset cord would be nice too .
 Like most people I wanted an alternative to cordless phones in case of an emergency . The Panasonic KX-TSC11B more than meets my basic needs.My basic requirements for a corded phone are that it : * must be black - this phone is black -LRB- except for the cord , which is sort of a dark gray -RRB- * must have Caller ID - this phone has Caller ID -LRB- the name flashes first , then the number , and if you do n't pick up off of this phone it will say `` missed call '' and include the name/number -RRB- * must be DSL wall compatible - this was one of my main requirements as I have a DSL wall filter and if you 're like me you have found that very few phones fit nicely on the wall with a DSL filter , but this one includes a wall adapter and fits in very snugly * the ringer must be able to be turned off - this has a side button that will allow me to either turn off the ringer or lower it.Overall this is a fantastic phone . Panasonic makes durable phones that last for years and years . My only complaint is the extension cord . First of all it was n't black , and second of all it was grossly long -LRB- there is no way it would have fit on my wall with my DSL filter -RRB- so I had to replace it with a tiny black extension cord.BTW if you 're looking for a set of high-quality cordless phones at a great price , check theseout.Remember , you are what you buy .
 So far , this phone has been easy to use . I like having a corded phone on the kitchen wall in case of a power failure . The display is large and easy to read and the sound quality is very good .
 Wanted a basic analog phone w / no frills . The product is very clean in design and is affordable .
 GREAT PHONE , CHEAP PRICE and GREAT VALUE FOR THE MONEY . you wont be disappointed with this phone !
 If you are not looking for anything fancy but want great quality go for the Panasonic . It is not only durable , it is appealing to the eye . It would make a nice addition to the home or small office .
 I needed a cordless phone for my wall in the kitchen this one was fine do n't use it much but works great
 Rapido envio y telefono muy practico y comodo , , , el call id muy facil de visualizar y operar , lo recomiendon 100 % es muy resistente .
 eleg&iacute; este producto porque ya conozco muy bien la marca panasonic , y en tel&eacute;fonos son excelente . lo recomiendo porque ya despu&eacute;s de haberlo usado ha superado mis expectativas .
 Nice phone with nice caller ID display . Fairly simple set up and directions were easy . I use a Plantronics head set with the phone and for some reason when you pick up the receiver you do n't get a dial tone . May have to explore the manual to see why.Fast delivery time .
 This phone is outstanding . The phone cord is a little short , but I went to Kmart and bought a longer cord . This phone is perfect for any room in the house and for anyone who is tired of buying batteries for cordless phones . It matches any decor and is easy to install to any wall phone jack . I highly recommend this phone .
 I am pleased with this product . The phone is easy to program and the numbers are easy to read . I am now better prepared when the next storm hits my area .
 Good Product , Display is user friendly , Numbers and ID are prominently displayed . Setup was no hassle . we are very satisfied with this purchase .
 I was looking for replacement wall phone and did not want to invest a great deal of money in the product . I did want memory dial if possible , speaker would have been nice . My only problem with this phone as a wall phone has been that it sometimes does not connect when hung up and one has to jiggle it into position . It would be fine as a desk phone .
 I have many many phones . I have been buying Panasonics like this one for last couple years . this one works well and has not given me any problems
 I bought this as an office phone . I 've got an answering machine and a cell phone , but I needed an additional phone to be by the computer in my upstairs office and I wanted a caller I.D. home phone so I could know who is on the other end because I get 10-20 calls each day plus over 100 emails . I can see who is calling without holding a receiver up to my ear.I was convinced to buy this phone by the price and features . I like the black color because it does n't get dirty like the white or light grey phones . You do n't see it , but there is always a layer of dust on your keyboard . It transfers easily . I am so busy I do n't have time to clean my office very often , and my materials are so sensitive that I do not trust an ordinary cleaning agency to come out.I 've only had this phone for a few days , but I can say that it is attractive and seems to be built well . I called my Mom and she said the sound was crystal clear . My sister said the same thing . I called my exgirlfriend too , and she liked it . I heard them just fine as the speaker is great . I could go on about this phone ... it is so cool . For the same price of one meal out on the town you can get this phone .
 This phone has been great for us . It is compact and attached to the wall with little difficulty if you follow the instructions . The display has adjustable brightness and it clearly visible even from a couple feet away . We had read reviews that said the phone needed its batteries changed every two weeks but we have had the same batteries in since we received it about 5 months ago and the display is still just like it was when the batteries were fresh . We like the caller ID feature since we get so many `` junk '' calls . We have n't really used any of the other features . It does store numbers of all calls , including the ones that you pick up . The only drawback is the teeny tiny cord . It could be a couple of feet longer without really compromising the compactness of the phone . The sound clarity is excellent . Keypad has good sized numbers for those of us who do n't see so well anymore and the keys are very responsive and have a soft feel . Overall we really like our phone and would highly recommend the product .
 This phone has been a life saver when we have a power outage as all the cordless phones do not work much less the caller ID . This phone is able to do both quite effectively . Love it
 This is just what is advertised
 So far so good . This phone is the only corded phone in our home.This phone is used on a limited basis . I is a good size and looks great . Very easy to hang on wall . Would recommend the phone .
 Works great use as a home office phone . I like a phone with a cord between the receiver and body . No need for extra wall plug in devices . Will always work even if the house power is out ... as long as the phone line outside is still up . Has more features then it needs but not so many you ca n't figure out how to work the thing . I use mine on a desk and added the extra long hand set cord so I can get up and move around a little.One improvement could be to make the hand set heaver . Even though all parts work great and parts inside are getting smaller all the time ; there is no need for this light a hand set . Makes the phone feel cheap when the quality is really good . Just my opinion . If I could figure out how to get into the hand set I would make it heavier myself . You will not be unhappy with this item . I recommend it as a `` BUY IT '' product !
 I love this Panasonic phone because it does not have lights blinking and odd noises barking from the phone as my other more expensive phone did . Great to not have to plug in an electric cord so short it limits where the phone can set up . The keypad is not supersensitive to the touch and cause me to press a number too many times ! Just plain nice to use this simple phone that ironically costs less than the AT&T phone!Very happy I bought this Panasonic phone . Oh , and the audio quality is better than the more elaborate expensive phone . While browsing for phones I notice that many phones have far too many features than I would use .
 i just got this phone last week , just to have a basic phone next to my computer , in case our cordless phone is n't there .2 negative points about this phone : - you have to press really hard to dial a number -LRB- very hard -RRB- - caller idea does n't light up , so it 's very hard to see who 's calling.but all and all it 's a good solid PANASONIC phone
 We needed a corded wall phone with caller ID . Only fault is sometimes we bump the receiver and it falls off .
 we wanted a very simple phone to use when cordless phones do n't work -LRB- in a power outage for instance -RRB- . this phone is small , nice , clear , very basic and perfect for out needs . we did n't need anything fancy , like speakerphone , speed dialing , answering machine , etc. just something clear , reliable , inexpensive and easy to use . this phone is just that . for what we needed , it 's 5 stars .
 Panasonic has always made good solid phones , both wired and wireless -- our house is full of them ! This one is located on the kitchen wall where we specifically wanted a corded model in case of power failures . For this purpose , it works very well and is not cluttered with a bunch of features we neither need nor want . Sound quality is great . Just wish it had a backlit screen in case of , you guessed it , power failure . Otherwise , a very good buy with prompt delivery and good service overall .
 Very good corded phone . Easy to program . Phone book is retained even if the caller ID batteries die . Just what I was looking for , except that I did n't realize it 's not a speaker phone when I purchased it . That 's okay though , still a good buy .
 I was looking for a simple phone for my workshop space that had caller id and this fit the bill.This phone is not too attractive when mounted on the wall , and it does not have a speaker phone option , but it 's great if you 're looking for a simple caller id phone without frills .
 I purchased this phone a month ago . Easy to install , works great . Others have commented that the phone sticks out too far when wall-mounted , but I did n't find that to be an issue at all . The phone uses three AA alkaline batteries for the Caller ID display , which are supposed to last about six months.RECOMMENDATION
 caller ID , phonebook lists are hard to read if phone is used on the desk top .
 I read all the reviews about this Panasonic phone and finally -LRB- since it was the closest thing to what I wanted
 I use this as a wall phone in the kitchen . The color matches , it appears to be well constructed , has great sound and volumne control.Has a large array of options , some I can use and others I do n't need . The price was good for the product and service it provides.I would recommend it to anyone .
 This has been an excellent phone with good sound quality and all the features I wanted and more . I was hunting a replacement wall phone for our kitchen at a reasonable price and this has worked out well .
 My parents had a very old phone in their kitchen that needed replacing and my dad 's fingers where too big for the cordless ones.For the price , this phone has worked out beautifully and it includes a speaker phone option.Very sturdy as well .
 I love this Panasonic phone because it does not have lights blinking and odd noises barking from the phone as my other more expensive phone did . Great to not have to plug in an electric cord so short it limits where the phone can set up . The keypad is not supersensitive to the touch and cause me to press a number too many times ! Just plain nice to use this simple phone that ironically costs less than the AT&T phone!Very happy I bought this Panasonic phone . Oh , and the audio quality is better than the more elaborate expensive phone . While browsing for phones I notice that many phones have far too many Buttons
 We 've been using this phone for a couple of months . It has been reliable and solid . The caller ID is n't back-lit . The key pad is soft touch which can feel a little weird compared to hard plastic , but they work fine . The construction materials are lightweight but durable . The color is actually a computer beige , not white . It would n't be my choice for a wall phone . You 'll probably want to get a longer coiled cord . The one supplied works great for the phone to wall connection . As inexpensive phones go this one beats many others that have been tried and tossed .
 I bought this phone because of the caller ID function . The phone has easy to see buttons , is easy to set up and works beautifully . The price is also great !
 I finally had to replace my old Panasonic phone from 20 years ago . I knew I wanted another corded Panasonic and with the caller id feature , I knew I had my phone.I was not disappointed . Easy operation , nice size , always good quality . I could n't be happier.It does have one quirk . When I put in the phone number I have to check to be certain all of the digits are there . The large buttons are apparently a little touchy . I still like it though .
 It 's becoming increasingly difficult to find a wall phone with a cord these days . This is a perfect size , nice to read numerals , great caller ID feature . It says `` white '' , but it 's more a bisque color which is exactly what I was hoping for . The only reason I gave it four stars is because the receiver could sit better on the phone especially when it is wall hung . You just have to pay a little more attention to when you hang it up . Thanks Panasonic and Amazon .
 Not many phones -LRB- wall mounted -RRB- of this type will work without a electric plug near by . An good basic phone .
 This phone does exactly what I wanted . My primary aim was for use during power failures , which is accomplished with the battery operation . And for the times that AC power is ON , I love the caller ID that lets me know who is calling whenI 'm in this room . I use the phone more and more as time goes on .
 I found this phone to be a typical quality Panasonic product and although some of the reviews indicate that the display has a `` brightness control '' it does ` nt . The display is very hard to see because it is not backlit . .
 Seemed fine for what it was . Simple corded phone with caller ID . Good , clean lay-out . Unfortunately , I needed one with built-in answering machine , so I ended up returning this one .
 Works fine but feels a little insecure on the wall . Also could use a longer cord to the earpiece . Caller ID does not show name of caller
 I selected this phone in order to provide caller ID in our kitchen . Our phone is mounted in a part of the kitchen that does NOT have a nearby electrical outlet that most of Caller ID phones require . This one operates on two AA batteries and is simple and easy to use . The only drawback is that when the phone is mounted on a wall surface there is a space of about 1/4 inch between the phone and the wall that is a bit unsightly when viewed from the side , but this is not a serious drawback .
 This is a very reliable , easy to read phone -LRB- for all of you with aging eyes ! -RRB- My only problem is that is doesnt have a speaker - which of course is my fault for assuming and not checking . It has a very easy memory function , which I love . All around for the price , a great , reliable phone .
 Took a few minutes to change the adapter on the back of the phone to use as a wall phone because the instructions were n't too clear . But other than that it works very well . I like the memory and way to access the missed calls . Because we have caller ID the name and number are there . A simple press of a button scrolls through the missed call list and the stored phone number list . Lift the receiver and the number is called . Even the fact that the phone does n't fit flush against the wall has become an asset making it easier to read the screen . So we are quite happy with the phone.Update
 Corded phones have been disappearing from stores and online vendors.For some buyers this unit lacks usual features -LRB- no speakerphone or answering -RRB- but has other essentials - caller ID and waiting , plus phone book . It is relatively small and most important - Panasonic quality.For those who still prefer a corded phone -LRB- as a backup to cell and/or cordless or as a primary unit -RRB- I would definitely recommend .
 I have always found Panasonic phones to be keepers . This one is no exception . Good solid audio , controls that make sense , durable , attractive . I bought a number of them on the Amazon `` Warehouse Deals '' program . They arrived promptly and had no flaws that I could find .
 I love panasonic phones . Gave it 4 stars orginally cause no back lighting . Had it now sometime frankly you can hardly even see the ID at all so dark . Would never get it if I know it was that bad .
 This is a good reasonably priced phone . I have a hearing impediment and wondered if the volume setting would be enough for me to clearly understand conversations . I was happy to find that I can use this phone without any problems . Only thing I would have liked was a backlit display window . Setting the LCD contrast to the highest position still is n't enough to make out the display without having it under a light .
 This phone suits almost exactly what I was looking for . It is for the bedroom , a hardly used phone . I have caller id and was looking for a corded phone with caller id and this is perfect . The only thing it does n't have which I wish it did , the dials or called id screen do not light up at night . I 've got to turn on the light to see who is calling . Other than that , this is a great phone ; good quality for the price ! I 'm pleased !
 Nice not to have a glowing time staring at you in the middle of the night . I like the way this one works . Glad I bought it . Easy to use , like the features .
 Although it 's not fancy , this phone is just what I needed . It looks great , works smoothly , has excellent sound quality , and has caller ID . The caller ID works with 3 AA batteries instead of a power plug ; some may see this as an inconvenience , but I 'm happy not to have one more cord and one more power block to plug in .
 This is a good phone . It is wall-mounted and installed fairly easily . The only thing I wish it had was a multi-line Caller ID display and Caller ID announce . Otherwise it seems to be good quality .
 I bought this phone as a replacement for a Radio Shack `` Heavy Duty '' Wall Phone With Caller Id and Call Waiting when these features stopped working after 6 years . Do n't get me wrong the phone itself still worked but these features were the main selling points of that particular phone . I spend alot of time in the kitchen and was getting tired of having to run downstairs and into the bedroom to see who was calling . So long story short , I needed a new phone to take the place of the old one and went with this Panasonic mainly because my primary phone which has lasted me for nearly 7 years is also a Panasonic . This particular model looks surprisingly similar to thePanasonic KX-TSC11B Corded Phone with Caller ID -LRB- Black -RRB- aside from that phone being black and receiving a lower rating . I went with this color due to the phone being up against a white wall . So far so good the phone performs well and the features work . It seems some of the negative reviews are from people who are very nit picky about the phone not being backlit , it 's appearance or it 's lack of a speaker phone function what exactly do these people expect for $ 21 ? You basically get what you pay for and for $ 21 with this phone you get something that 's well made and reliable . If you want the thrills that this phone lacks you 'll need to invest in a more expensive model which will likely come with an AC power adapter . Many people have stated that this is n't an option as they have this phone installed in places where there are n't electrical outlets present.So in short this is about the best you can get for the price.My only complaint is that the telephone line cord that comes with this phone is a bit long for standard wall mounting , even if you use the adapter it still somewhat protrudes from the back and sides making the phone uneven . Including a shorter cord in addition to the longer cord would have been ideal for those whose wall jacks are less than an inch away from where the jack in the back of the phone sits .
 This phone had all the features I was looking for in a phone which is why I bought it . The only negative is now that I 'm older , I have trouble reading LCD screens if they are not backlit ... so this phone has taught me . If it had a backlit LCD , I would have kept it .
 I am very pleased with the features on this phone . I was looking for a new landline phone to replace an older GE landline version . I wanted caller ID and call waiting features with a phone that still works when the power goes out . This does the job well with easy setup . It comes set up as a desktop phone but the adapter on the back must be repositioned as shown in the instructions to be used as a wall phone , which I am using it for . Some reviews complained about the poor visibility of the caller ID display , but as explained in the instructions you can change the contrast setting which really improved the display to my liking . I believe this is an excellent value for the money .
 We have a 4-in-1 printer in our home that handles voice mail , etc. . I did NOT want another answering system on a phone because sometimes that can just be a hassle when the phone rings of if there is an electrical outage and one stops and the other kicks in and it is not programmed . Major headache time!I wanted two inexpensive , super simple phones that had Caller ID and nothing else . Did not want a speakerphone as we do not need that either . I also did not want more than 1 line available or any extra features . Just a SIMPLE phone that worked.This Panasonic is EXACTLY what I was looking for and I tried several other brands/types before buying it.It has great instructions for setting up Caller ID , memory , clock/date , etc. . SIMPLE !! I highly recommend this phone if you are looking for the same thing as I was . The sound is clear , corded , no adapter to plug in , just batteries for Caller ID !
 This was a replacement for the old one and it works just great in the kitchen space that I have .
 Expensive compared to conventional manila folders but worth it beased on their long useful life .
 These folders are great . I like that they ca n't really rip and I know they will last a long time . Also I like that they will hold thier form well and not collapse under the pressure of lots of paper . Honestly the best hanging folders I 've ever used .
 These are the best hanging files . They are sturdy and long lasting . The bar holds up to lots of use .
 My wife did n't like the paper ones and these plastic type are perfect for all types of papers . Im not worried that they are going to break !
 It 's a great product , sturdy & will last a life time : -RCB- But I need the TABS & INSERTS so I can start putting my files onto it . So please send it ASAP , otherwise I will be returning it & your expense .
 there are the best . i have my whole file cabenet done with them and it looks nice . love the colors this way you know whati s what and can see thru them .
 Arrived promptly , packaged perfectly , and it worked like a charm ! No problems with this product ! They are difficult to find in office supply stores so this was just what I needed .
 Received this printer FAST . Worked great . 100 % compatible with ruby verifone POS system . My local petroleum equipment dealer tried to charge me over $ 700 for this printer . They want you to think that these printers are discontinued and hard to find . Discontinued they may be but not too hard to find . If you are are a convenience/gas station owner that has a ruby supersystem this is for you !!
 I have a bathroom door that does n't stay open , and after a shower , I like to have it open an hour or two to let out the steam . I started resorting to putting my bottle of mouthwash in front of it as a block , but that was silly and a nuiscance . I had in mind to look for a doorstop , but the brick & mortar stores I usually shop at -LRB- grocery stores -RRB- do n't have them . So I turned to my trusted source , Amazon , and of course found what I needed.This item is not sold and fulfilled by Amazon , so it does n't qualify for free shipping , and I think the seller , ANTonline , charges $ 2 too much for shipping , so you should take that into account when buying , but the bottom line is this is a 5 star product for me . It 's small enough to be unobtrusive , but big enough , sticky enough , and well-designed enough to stop all but the heaviest of household doors . Glad to have it !
 This is a high Quality photo printer & requires these supplies . The price was fair , service was perfect & my purchase experience was positive .
 I am so happy that you still carry this product . I use to be able to get it locally but Dury 's stopped carrying it .
 This is a very hard replacement ribbon to find . We were very happy with the purchase from the beginning to the end . Thanks !
 I am a professional photographer and this is what I use in my studio to print customers orders . My customers love the fact that it laminates the photos and is archival quality !
 I love my Olympus dye sublimation printer . It has never jammed and the print cartridges go in so easy . I printed out photos of my party ... at my party and everyone was so excited to see such gorgeous pictures of themselves . Everyone always asks me for copies .
 The Olympus P-RBW Replacement Ribbon for P-400 Series Phot Pinters , Gloss Finish , allows me to print pictures in 8 x 10 Glossy for framing . This is a digital printing item and the colors are very vivid and I get extremely clear , sharp photographs . I receive many compliments on photos printed with this ribbon .
 My daughter is 3 years old and attends a Montessori . Thus , she is learning her letters by their sounds -LRB- `` ahh '' , `` ba '' , `` ca '' , etc. -RRB- in addition to their names . These rods really help enforce her understanding of beginning sounds . I will show her the rod with the `` dog '' picture , and we will sound it out
 I bought this for my four year old to help reinforce letter recognition and phonemic awareness . He has a lot of fun snapping the letters together . The activities definitely need to be facilitated by an adult . We have had fun and worked on solid pre-reading skills together . I also love the durable and organized carrying case .
 great interactive way to teach reading and phonics . . also great to have a manipulative in READING ! we used it at home for review and pracitce , but I used to use it in the classroom when I taught ...
 THIS HAS EASED A LOT OF CONFUSION THAT WAS TRAPPED INSIDE THE CHILD 'S MIND NOW THAT SHE HAS VISUAL CLUES SHE CAN BETTER VOCALISE AND I CAN SUPPORT AND HELP .
 i live the pictures and quality of this calendar , theres no where for the first year sticker , but im just gon na get another calendar for the the next year besides the sticker looks better in my planner . theres room for a new pic every month , height weight , and 2 spaces for comments . i luv it !
 This is a beautiful calendar ; wonderfully illustrated ! The glossy cover , thick pages and vibrant colors give this calendar a great look and feel . The overall size is perfect . There are ample stickers , but just not enough to document all the little subtle events in a baby 's first year . And unfortunately , the individual calendar days are not big enough to write in an event in the absence of a sticker . Would have been good to have a set of duplicate stickers also since some `` baby events '' are often repeated . If you are looking for super quality then this is the calendar to purchase .
 I have used these legal pads for taking notes in class for two years now . They are nice , because you do n't have to deal with any of the annoyances that come with typical notepad paper , e.g. , holes in the sheet , rough or uneven edges . However , this is a bad thing for those that like to put their notes into a three-ring binder.The downside is , unless you are ok with having fold creases on your pages -LRB- folding it back over the pad -RRB- , you will need to remove each sheet before moving on to the next one . It takes some practice to rip exactly on the perforation for a clean break , but once you get the feel for it , you 'll get it 100 % . Sometimes professors require homework/formula sheets to be exactly 81/2 '' x 11 '' . That 's ok for these legal pads , because although it 's listed as 81/2 '' x 111/2 '' , once you remove the sheet at the perforation line , you will lose that extra 1/2 inch.A major plus for these legal pads are the cardboard backings , because they can work as standalone tables on your lap . This is contrary to most notepads , which are flimsy and require a hard surface -- especially when the paper is running low.As for price , it 's competitive with the market . Buy the 12-pack for extra value.I recommend these pads for students or business people . Writers and artists may like to look elsewhere , because of the fold creases mentioned above and the difficulty in keeping your work private -LRB- no cover -RRB- .
 Not a whole lot one can say about writing tablets . These are of good quality and the price was right . They were also shipped promptly after ordering and were as described .
 A copywriter for the past 36 years , we tend to scribble notes down on anything from cocktail napkins to match book covers.These pads have served me well for decades , they 're perfect for jotting down notes and ideas - sometimes good old paper and pencil trumps the computer . By ordering through Amazon , sure you save a few bucks and if you 're a Prime member two day shipping is free.I had doubts about joining Prime - but during the free month trial it paid for itself in what we saved in shipping fees alone.As for the pads - the savings may not be monumental but the convenience sure is . In fact I just completed a second home office and literally everything was purchased on Amazon.At the reduced price for these pads of paper - and the free shipping you can save even more by stocking up .
 This type of lined paper is just what I need for my writing projects . The price was reasonable and I will reorder when necessary .
 6 pads with good quality and a reasonable price . I would recommend to students that need a lot of writings for sure .
 I got a used pack , which came with one of them being a little bent ... but that was okay . I could n't beat the price !
 Works great , and a good price . I would definitely recommend this product to anyone . I will definitely use this product again
 Purchased this legal pad through amazon for my portfolio book . Clean , and holds well at the top . overall a decent product .
 If the paper quality could have been slightly better and I 'd use it for office . If you just want to consider this pad for home use , its well worth the price .
 These are n't frilly or fun colors . They are good for professional use and tear fairly well without too much trouble . Good price as well .
 I think its a very good price for so many pads . Buying pads individually is so expensive . The pads are of decent quality , and its also nice that it comes in 50 leaves because pads with lots of pages get worn and start bending and splitting and stuff .
 I bought these for use at my job , and find them to be exactly what I needed . It was a good value , and I am happy with the purchase .
 We use these pads for taking messages , keep them by all phones with pens , so not to delay the caller . They 're great . Will re-order them soon .
 I needed legal pads for school since spiral notebooks slow down my note taking process . This did the trick . I wish they sold college ruled pads though .
 This was , at the time I bought it , the best value per pack on Amazon and I ca n't complain so far . The pad is ruled a little larger than I am used to and the cardboard backing is n't as rigid as other products , but , then again , none of them were this cheap per unit . It does exactly what I need it to . Will buy again . Enough said .
 I 'm sure these are wonderful pads . I ca n't give them a bad rating , but I 'll leave off a star because we lost them . I ordered a dozen of them for a friend in prison . But they have staples in the top . They were denied as contraband , and destroyed . I need to find some that do n't have staples . I 'm guessing a lot of stuff is ordered for prisoners through Amazon . It would be good if they could give us a little help on this kind of thing .
 Marimon sells these for a lot more ... I now have a new provider ! and with the Prime Shipping I get a great product cheaper and faster ... which leads to more productivity and a huge annual savings !
 Do you know that Wal-green store sale these pad separately for dollar a each this is a good price mainly for someone like myself whom go to College run through these like water fall pouring water . I would like to tell everyone if you use these buy it here from this company its worth the price and the paper is cheap paper . This is a wonderful deal .
 Paper pads , you write on them . These are nice and not flimsy with a good stiff back . Only shrink wrapped and not overpackaged which is a plus to me .
 This is a quality product and perfect for use in the workplace or at home . I am pleased with the product and the price is hard to beat .
 A nice solid product that does exactly what is designed to do ! Would buy from this product again . I recommend this item .
 So LEGAL letter size is either as larger , or LARGER than wide ruled . That 's not a reason to give this paper a bad review though . It is fine . Not too thin . The ink is n't too light . Nice paper .
 I use a leather zipper binder that holds a notepad for everyday business use . When I ran out of paper , I came to Amazon to find a replacement and I am extremely happy with my purchase.The price is right , it fits in the notebook , and it is a quality product.Pros : Price -LRB- Buy more and save more -RRB- Quality - It is nice paper to write onPerforation - Unlike some other reviewers ' experiences , I find that the pages are easy to pull out and I have had no tears so far.Cons : As some have mentioned , the cardboard on the back is a bit flimsy . Its not really a factor for me since the paper is being used in a rigid folder.Conclusion : I will order more of this brand when I run out . It is hard to find notepads that fit exactly what you want/need and this is it for me . Recommended
 I 'm in college and spend hours in the Library pouring over textbooks - it 's SOOOOOO nice to not have to look down at the table - my neck is SOOOOOOO relieved !!! found it 's not so good for smaller books , but tackles big books with EEEAAASSSSEEE !!!!!
 These are very cute socks for every schnauzer lover . They are very soft , not too thick , and large enough to fit my women 's -LRB- shoe -RRB- size 11 feet . I love them !
 I did purchase a couple of these to share with others . They are inexpensive , heavy and a very pretty design .
 Tis is a great looking holder - but my guess is , it is NOT for self adheasive stamps , as I could not get the roll to fit inside the holder until almost half the roll was already used
 I think the word &#34; pad &#34; is a little misleading here . This mouse pad does not have the black foam padding on the bottom of it . It 's pretty much just a super thin piece of plastic . I like the puppy picture I just wish the pad had some sort of grip foam on the bottom side .
 I bought `` Magic Rub '' by Sanford , White Pearl , also by Sanford , and these Mars erasers and tested them all on ordinary writing paper to see which of these latex-free erasers would be best -LRB- my daugher is allergic to latex -RRB- . This removed the marks with the least pressure , without smudges , and left the least eraser residue.I also use tracing paper quite a bit to transfer images for soft-block carvings , and this eraser does an excellent , clean job.So while it is unfortunately the most expensive of the erasers I tested , it is the best and worth purchasing .
 I 've used this for years , and it is by far the best eraser out there . It lifts pencil marks without damaging the paper underneath , unlike some other erasers . And it does not leave a residue or smear . It does not harden as it gets old , or at least , not for the length of time that I use it . It is totally worth the money that you pay for it .
 Classic and good as always!Even that the photo does n't reflect the real product at this moment !! -LRB- It did when I bought it -RRB- .
 This is the best eraser I 've ever used . When I was an undergrad in engineering , back before mechanical drawings were done on the computer , we were required to use this type of eraser so that our technical drawings would n't smudge . It 's still a good eraser to use for all types of pencil writing and drawing .
 I work as an engineer draftsman for years and this is the best pencil eraser I know of . It is very effective and works really good . It does not crumble into thousand of tiny bits and pieces which is a mess to clean . Instead it just rolls off smoothly on the paper.Will not tear the paper as some hard erasers usually does . A bit more pricey but lasts a long time .
 This is an excellent drawing pen for small details . Lasts long and is light enough to keep you drawing for hours . I 've used this specific size along with other sizes for over 2 years now and is very much recommended for those who want to draw small details .
 GREAT SELLER ! THANKS FOR EXCELLENT PRODUCT , FAST SHIPPING AND VERY HELPFUL SELLER . WOULD LOVE TO DO BUSINESS WITH YOU AGAIN !!
 I love the holder but I thought it was a screw on cap/cover and it is n't . But it is beautiful .
 Was looking for something for work that was small but could accomplish a large task . The Wire File Cart was pefect . I 've had it for awhile now and could n't accomplish any project work without it . It 's so moveable and lite weight . Love it , Thanks , Mary Jenkins
 I was a little nervous about the functionality of a candlestick phone because the part I speak into is n't by my mouth , it 's on our nightstand ! But , it works great . I can keep lying in bed and just turn my head toward the nightstand and people hear me fine . It does take some time to get used to holding the ear piece since it 's so different from any other phone I 've ever used.The phone also has a very solid/sturdy feel . I 'm not sure what the other reviewers who called it `` flimsy '' actually ordered!The only thing I do n't like about this phone is that the numbers are in bright red . That part really looks weird.I 'm sure I will love this phone for as long as we continue to have a landline !
 Phone feels solid and is heavy compared to todays home phones . Has a mechanical ringer -LRB- not adjustable -RRB- , this is one of my favorite things about the phone . Handheld earpiece has two settings for volume . The phone cord that plugs into the wall is 7 feet long and is attached to the phone , so if you want a longer cord you can purchase an adaptor for a few bucks . Letters on push buttons are black and numbers are red . I do n't have called waiting but the instructions say you can push the center button -LRB- upper side -RRB- for this feature . Lower side of center button is for last number redial .
 I just love this phone . Takes me back to the old days . But the only drawback is that it does n't have a longer cord that comes out of the wall to the phone . Other than that I just love it .
 I did a lot of research before deciding to order this phone . I checked out what people were saying about this candlestick reproduction , and a couple of others , too.Well , this model got the best overall reviews -LRB- including being solid , having good weight , and better features than other models did -RRB- , so I decided to see for myself what it had to offer.Good choice ! When I was taking it out of the packaging , the receiver fell on my leg - and it was heavy , just like the reviews said it was ! -LRB- OW !!! :--RRB- -RRB- . I made a couple of calls with it , and had one person call me back - we could all hear each other well , and I really like the actual bell ringer this phone has ! Not just an electronic sound , but a REAL ringer ! :-D NICE inclusion!Overall , I REALLY like this reproduction candlestick telephone ! * two thumbs up *
 My husband and I have an older home and the newer phones on the market would work in this decor , but both of us thought a replica would work much better . When this phone arrived we were really pleased . It is sutstantial in weight , and really makes the room . Using the phone is a pleasure as well , as long as you do not plan on long conversations . The ear piece is heavy . Bonus is that you do not have to hold the base next to you in order to be heard . We are enjoying it and the ring is retro as well . I recommend this phone . We bought the black phone and it looks authentic .
 I really like my new phone . My only negative is that the phone comes wired to attach to the phone outlet in the wall in a way that I can not change it out for a longer cord . I move around when I am on the phone multi tasking ... with the shorter cord I am restricted to just sitting and talking .
 My sons love this phone . It seems to be sturdy and is definitely fun for short conversations . The main drawback is that there is a lot of background noise to the other caller . It 's almost as if the speaker phone is always on . I 'm keeping this phone , but wo n't be using it for long conversations .
 For as long as I can remember , I 've wanted a candlestick phone like this ! As a guy who grew up on all kinds of reruns and classic cartoons and movies , I love this early 20th century type stuff , and this has been one of my biggest wants ! Crosley has done a fantastic job here ! I know most folks have a cell phone these days , but it never hurts to have something you do n't need to recharge too -LRB- especially if you ca n't afford a cell phone bill at the moment -RRB- , so when I bought this phone and also the Magic Jack phone service , I was set to communicate with family , friends , and art clients from my new location on the phone I always wanted , and it has worked great ! The phone looks and sounds beautiful ! It 's heavy duty and well crafted . I know it 's been dropped a couple times -LRB- about 3 feet onto a carpeted floor -RRB- by careless guests , but it still is at 100 percent in both looks and function . The ringer is classic and the sound of the person coming through is clear as a bell , and they hear me perfectly too , even at a distance . I 've been using this phone for over a year now , and I could n't be happier ! Okay , I do wish the push buttons were rotary , ha , or at least looked more rotary , but it 's a very minor thing to quibble about . In fact , I got over it long ago . I am definitely going to look into getting more of these cool , retro products from Crosley !
 This phone works great ! No problems answering or ending calls ! I recommend this phone to anyone who just wants a fun vintage phone !
 Awesome phone ! It 's heavy -LRB- as its supposed to be -RRB- and solid . And , yes , the switch hook is metal , not plastic . Has a real bell ringer for authentic sound .
 My wife fell in love with this phone once she saw it . Works great and adds to the style my wife likes .
 I used this phone as a prop for a community thaeter play set in the 1920 's . It was the proper weight and looked perfect . When I play is over I plan to try it out at home .
 At first , I was hesitant to pay almost $ 50 for this phone thinking it was going to be flimsy plastic , but I ended up buying it and found that it is made of very durable plastic and is heavy . It must weigh at least 3 pounds . The dial tone and ringer is nice and loud and the hangar piece is made of metal , so I did n't have to worry about breaking it when hanging up the mouthpiece . The keypad is simply made to look like an old rotary dial , but is actually a modern key pad . I 've always wanted a phone that looked like the one in the Mayberry Sheriff 's office , and this was a great buy ! I did n't have to spend hundreds on an antique where it was going to have to be modified to work with a modern phone jack . It is well worth it !
 That is a really nice item . I have the brush chrome finish , it looks good too and feels god , like a well built -LRB- heavy enough -RRB- apparatus.The ringing even at a high level is not loud , It is the perfect telephone for a bedroom , it will not wake you , or if it does it will be after many calls . It is fun to use , it works good , it is modern push button and is complete.It is a `` plug-in and play '' . Creates a nice , funny , weird feeling using this very antique type of telephone , i like it !
 This weekend I told a cousin and some family members that I bought a Candlestick phone for the livingroom . They asked me what 's a Candlestick phone ? And , I said the same kind of phone that Morticia Addams uses on the The Addams Family and they laughed since we all grew up watching that show and many others in the 1960 's . I love the push button dial and it 's other updated features . The ringer has a pleasant ring to it and it will be a nice telephone for my bedroom when my Mom comes down to Georgia and I can put the other telephone back in the livingroom . She 's likes telephones with a louder ring to it !
 I wanted an old fashion phone to put on a desk that I inherited from my father . This phone is just what I was looking for . Very good quality in sound and structure .
 ABSOLUTELY LOVE THIS PHONE ! It 's simply perfect ! It works perfectly . I just wish it had spin button , that would make it even better .
 This phone is as authentic as a replica can be ; even down to the mechanical ringing bells . Very solidly constructed & works well . Totally love it!Because if its weight & requires two hands to use , not too practical for lengthy phone calls though .
 This telephone is a very nice replica of a 1930 's style phone . We have a home that was built in the 1930 's and it has the space for a telephone . It fits very nicely it this spot . Very pleased with how quickly the phone was shipped .
 I was born in 1942 . The first phone that I ever used was identical to this Crosley except without the rotary dial . I would pick up the receiver and ask the operator , by speaking into the mouth piece , to connect me to a phone number . This Candlestick phone is a `` blast from the past '' but with call-waiting and redial . It requires no electricity so that when our electricity is out for awhile due to a rain storm for example or the cell phone 's battery is dead , the Crosley still works because it 's a land line . What a great conversation-piece !
 My phone arrived and the ear piece did not work . I called and the phone rang , I dialed out and it went through but the ear piece was dead . Sent it back for a replacement . It felt like a quality item , hefty and cool looking . It does not look cheap at all . I hope the replacement works.EDIT
 I bought it for my new apartment and I 've only used it once so far but i can honestly tell you that it works perfectly fine . I heavier than i thought but i think that is a good thing . The sound quality is great at both ends of the phone call . The ringer is vintage and sooooo pretty ... The volume its also great !!! it has 2 dial tones the regular that every phone has and a vintage one which is the one i prefer . in 3 words i can say I LOVE IT ! and if someday in the future time it stops working or something like that I 'm pretty sure i would buy another one .
 This is a very well-made replica of a 1920 's candlestick phone . You could buy refurbished antique version of this phone , but the prices I have seen online have started at $ 250 . This phone is not cheaply made by any means . It is fairly heavy , like I would expect an original one would be , and has old-fashioned cloth covered cords , which are generous in length . The mouthpiece tilts up and down for your favorite angle , and the ring sounds authentically bell-like . The audio is crisp and clear . The matte-black finish combined with the classic lines make this indeed a functional work of art . Recommended !
 This phone is well built and solid . It 's made out of real brushed metal , not plastic or cheaper materials . It has on the bottom a volume switch , a ringer on/off switch , and a switch that changes between pulse and touch tone dialing . Sound quality is excellent . I do n't think you could do much better when it comes to buying a replica phone.I also should note that while the phone looks good , it is completely ready for the 21st century . I use voip.ms -LRB- a wholesale voice over IP provider -RRB- for phone service rather than a traditional land line . Everything works perfectly , I can get all the usual features , such as call waiting and voicemail . The only thing you have to watch out for is the rotary/touch tone switch , because out of the box this came set for rotary pulse dialing , and voice over IP supports only touch tone phones . So if you hear a lot of clicking and keep getting reset to a dial tone , make sure you flip that switch .
 We have had so many positive comments about this nostalgic addition to our decor . The phone sits on an oak phone tablein our entry and it is not only fun ... but functional .
 This phone takes me back many years ! I adore it ! My Grandmother had one like it except hers had a Rotary dial and this is a push button . It still looks the same . I even have it sitting on a small telephone table with a Doily under it . Reminds me of my Grandmother who I adored ! I was very surprised that it even has the black cloth cord like the real candlestick phones had .
 This is soooo nice . Heavy like the originals and the closest I have ever found to the original , of which I have one . Easy to use with good sound and just fun to have in your room . I have bought all the rest of the repros and they are n't worth the money . This one is .
 Nice finish , good weight & &#34; feel &#34; -- looks very much like the &#34; real thing . &#34; It is nicely packed , and a great price too .
 I bought the phone as a prop for pin up work . It looks like the phone of the 1930s . I am also using it a s replacement for a more modern phone as it fits the decor of the room better .
 This phone takes me on a little nostalgic trip back to the 1930 's . As a child I was fascinated by one that my grandmother had . As to the quality ... this phone is very well constructed and seems a more substantial device than the modern ones currently being produced .
 We 're very pleased with this phone . It arrived promptly , works perfectly and it is the perfect accompaniment to our classic motif .
 We love our little phone which sits in the hallway and fits in well with our 180 year old Nova Scotia house . We have had lots of admiring comments about it . In a nutshell - it 's great .
 We love this phone . It 's fun for us and our friends and family to use.Great novelty piece ! Con
 Love the phone !! Looks and feels great-everyone like to talk one it - heavy duty phone - better than what I thought it would be !
 Okay , I 'm a fan of Robert Stack , which means I 'm a fan of `` The Untouchables . '' I 'm also a fan of the past -- I 'm a historian . So I put this phone on my wish list . Our younger daughter will be moving out soon , and her bedroom will become my office . I wanted a real telephone for my office , not one of those portable things , with which I have nothing but trouble . So I saw this one and wanted it for my office.Right now , it 's sitting on my desk out in the living room . I have used it , and I love it . Not only is it fun , it is a well-designed and perfectly functioning instrument . Crosley has made telephones for decades , and done very well at it . We have an old 1940s or 1950s telephone that was my aunt and grandmother 's , and it 's a Crosley , too . It 's the real deal , and constructed out of steel.This candlestick phone is a reproduction , made of heavy plastic which is almost like Bakelite . It is well-made , however , and even has the nice touch of the wires being covered with cloth , just as wires were in the 1920s and 1930s . The phone is heavy , as is the earpiece . It 's comfortable , however . And the sound quality is excellent . Talking to my older daughter on the phone this morning , I was holding the candlestick part one foot from my mouth , and she could hear me perfectly . I could hear her perfectly as well.It 's a conversation piece , it 's a bit of history , it 's a bit of nostalgia . It is also a fine instrument of high quality and durability .
 very much like phone.better quality than 1 i had before.chicago roars again in the 20s .
 The sound quality of this phone is exceptional . I was so pleased . I would recommend this phone to anyone who is looking for a candlestick phone replica .
 I love love love this phone ! It even has an old fashioned ringer . The phone is heavy - so it feels authentic . It 's a keeper !
 Well the first one I ordered arrived dead as a door nail , but the return went smoothly and the replacement phone they sent is working perfectly . LOVE THE LOOK OF IT . I highly recommend it !
 I could n't wait to get this phone ! Looks great , works well and is everything I hoped for when I purchased it . I 'm very happy with the quality and will buy more Crosley phones for the rest of my home . My only complaint is how it was shipped-without a box and not sealed . Grateful it was n't damaged or stolen . Amazon might want to fix that .
 This phone is so cute ! I love when I have company I will call from my cell phone and ask them if they would mind grabbing the phone for me then they are so shocked at how cute and retro it is and everyone wants to know where I got it from .
 I love my candlestick phone , and it fits perfectly in our cabin that my husband and I are building . Sound is clear as a bell and it looks great .
 This is a great product that helps remember our roots . The volume control is a little tricky as `` low '' is too low and `` high '' gives a great deal of feedback ; but overall this is a well-made phone .
 We needed a phone for the guest room . It needed a little something different for atmosphere . This touch is just fine .
 The phone was shipped in little as two days . Right before Christmas actually , which was important , because I was ordering it for a girl who is nothing short of spectacular . I had it all wrapped up and everything for her and she loved it . She said it works perfectly and it looks grand in her room . -LRB- She likes older generation items . -RRB- I highly suggest the purchasing of this product . I hope it makes you guys as happy as it made me .
 I got this phone because I thought it looked cool and thought it would be interesting to have a phone talking that you talk into in a different way - with this phone , the mouthpiece is mounted at the top on a rotating socket and you hold the earpiece up to your ear . It is definitely a different look , and you have to see it in action - that is to say , a person actually using it - to fully appreciate the aesthetic effect.There are a few nice things about this phone , such as the braided cord both to the telephone jack and connecting the earpiece to the main part.However , what I think will be disappointing to true purists is that these phones are made out of modern , lightweight , cheap-feeling plastic rather than the type of heavyweight plastic that make genuine plastic phones of the 1920s-1970s feel so substantial and comfortable in the hand . So , I give Crosley points just for producing such an item , and it does indeed work as a fully functional telephone fairly well , although from what people on the other end of the line tell me , the drop in signal strength as distance increases from the microphone is quite steep , indicating that the microphone is perhaps not a good choice for this device . In sum , I think that this phone is worth the price , but know that it is not necessarily going to be or feel like a real period piece . That said , there are no wiring problems !
 This telephone was everything I was expecting , I have wanted one for many years . It is heavy , both and unit and receiver . It has a brushed plastic look like the original Bakelite -LRB- ? -RRB- . It operates well as a normal touch tone phone and the sound is loud enough . I like the cloth covering on both cables and the hook switch appears to be solid metal . Steel ? I notice that the column twists a little on the base but nothing serious . Another concern is that the tilting mouthpiece might get a little loose but one can tighten in up by the clamp screw at its tilt joint . I 've accidentally dropped the receiver on my desk twice and it is still working fine . Also , some real brass accents would be great but overall , I 'm very satisfied with it . -LSB- -LSB- ASIN : B0002Z2U6A Crosley Black Candlestick Phone -LRB- CR64 -RRB- -RSB- -RSB- .
 super fast ship , great company to do buisness with , cann ' t wait to buy from them again . it was a real pleasure .
 Second chance for modern Crosley with me . Seems like a good heavy and solid Telephone , I am happy now , but give it a year and see how I feel . Crosley reproduction radios are junk -LRB- mine was and cheaper to buy a new radio , then fix -RRB- , I hope the phones are better !
 the phone is exactly as it shows advertised ... comes very well packaged ... it makes a cool addition to our kitchen which has several walls on Stainless steel tiles ... . the dialer is a press button not the old original rotary disc ... . but if you wanted to work efficiently you should be willing to overlook the anachronism of the puss feature . Would buy again ! Bought through amazon.com
 this phone is the centerpiece of my room , it adds the touch i needed and i love talking on it ...
 Unlike the reviewer whose phone was made of `` light plastic , '' ours certainly is not . In fact , it weighs a hefty 55 ounces , 3 and a half pounds . It rivals the phone of my childhood in being as heavy and as solidly constructed as the original was . It also has a volume control under the base which the original did not . In short , it 's not only a trip down memory lane , but a solid instrument as well -- rare in these days of cheap phones . It goes beautifully with my rolltop desk and lifts my spirits as well . Modern convenience with a traditional flavor leads us to say , we love it ! We think you will , too !
 We built a new house and specifically had a place in a wall built just for this phone . It is just like my grandmother 's . When I saw this phone available , I ordered it and I love it . It 's not our main functioning phone , but I use it often . It is a real conversation piece for youngsters that have only experienced todays phones . It works great and I love the looks of it . The ringer even sounds like the old phones . I 've wanted one like this for as long as I can remember .
 I have always wanted a phone that looked like something they used on the Waltons . Now I have it . My kids think it 's a kick , and we have a history lesson every time we use it . With things so high tech , it 's nice to bring a little of our telephone past into my home . The sound is great , as are the redial and flash features .
 This phone looks fantastic , the price is totally right and I , too , have no idea what one reviewer is referring to when he complains it 's made of lightweight plastic . On the contrary , I was really pleased how heavy and absolutely solid and well-made this phone feels from top to bottom . I received far , far more than I expected and how often does that happen ?
 This replica that sits on my bar becomes the center of attention . Most remember the old movies with reporters running out of the court room and grabbing this model of phone . It is a well built replica with the weight and feel of the original phone -LRB- I am an old guy and I remember ! -RRB- . The dial looks like the old rotary but is easy to access push buttons . You can hear very well because the receiver fits of over the ear . I also bought the replica Crosley pay phone .
 i bought this phone for my roommate for Christmas . It is very heavy and feels solid and well made . It is no an everyday phone since it is best held when used . It works well and sounds good while talking on it . People on the other end say it sounds like a regular corded phone . I like this phone and its style factor .
 I have always wanted a candlestick phone . Watching `` Boardwalk Empire '' on HBO and seeing these phones used in just about every scene , only heightened the urge to buy one as soon as possible.I have looked into getting an authentic candlestick phone off of Ebay . They are very expensive , and quite frankly , I do n't know how well they would actually function as a phone.The Crosley Candlestick Phone seemed like a possible alternative , but every time I looked it over on the Internet , I felt it came across as being more of a toy than something that actually replicates the phone from the era of the 20s . The one aspect of this replica that really turned me off was its dialer . Nothing ruins that authenticity of a phone like this than seeing modern push-button dial functionality.I would have hoped there had been several discussions at the Crowley company at how to effectively market this phone . Should they make a phone that completely replicates the original right down to the rotary dialer ? Personally , that would have been my choice . However , I am certain the company felt that if they did n't bring this phone up to modern standards by implementing a push dial feature , customers would be very unhappy about its technological setbacks.I do n't agree with the inclusion of a push-button dialer . It looks absolutely silly on this phone . The fact that the number are glaringly red , does n't help the cause either ... but let me talk about the rewarding aspects of this phone ... It 's very well built . This is a quality device despite the fact it is made out of plastic . You pick it up , it feels heavy and solid . The cradle the earpiece rests upon is very durable . The earpiece itself is very solid and and heavy , with attached cloth covered cords.Voice quality is excellent , though the mouthpiece microphone seems to widen the soundfield to the point where it picks up a lot of background noise.Really , sitting on your desk , this phone looks extremely authentic . One could actually mistake it for the real thing , that is , until they move their eyes down to the dialer . It just looks so completely out of place on this phone that it goes from looking completely authentic to being a mere toy.Fortunately , the phone is a lot of fun to use , and anyone who uses it , wo n't mistake it for being a toy .
 My mom bought me the candlestick phone and it is great . My friends love it , too . It looks really cool and the ringtone it just like my grandmas old phone . I can hear everybody really clear and they have no problem hearing me . I am very happy with this phone .
 Good build quality , very solid . Cords are cloth covered like the originals . Earpiece feels weighty in my hand . It has controls for redial and flash hidden as a pushable center button . Tone/pulse , earpiece volume , and ringer off/on are switches under the base.I like its retro look . Ringer is a real bell sound -LRB- pleasantly nostalgic -RRB- . I only marked it down one star because I would have preferred the sound and feel of a real , spring-loaded rotary dial , but the push-button tone dial is probably more useful for most people.You get what you see .
 I ordered this phone for my apartment because I like the look of the candlestick phone and thought it would make a great accent piece for my apartment . Considering most people do n't use landline phones anymore I figured I would just use this phone sparingly . When it arrived , I was suprised how heavy and sturdy the phone was constructed . The hearing quality is better than my cellphone and I find excuses to use the phone now . I recommed this phone , fun to use and have in your home . Only complaint , I wish it was rotary .
 I am amazed by the quality of the phone . I previously purchased a phone made by Crosley and it was VERY cheaply made . This phone is as rugged as an original . I have it on my roll-top desk and it is functional as well as a great conversation piece .
 I love the phone . I would have loved to have a rotary but it looks like the real thing . It sounds great and can be heard clearly on the other end of the line . If I could give it 6 stars I would .
 I was pleasantly surprised at the solid construction of this phone . It 's gorgeous and looks perfect in my newly remodeled art deco family room . I highly recomment it ; well worth the money .
 I am really pleased with the construction and quality of this phone . The clarity is excellent , for both you and those you are talking with . The look of it makes using the phone more than just a wire to wire transaction ; it 's in a class by itself . I highly recommend this phone to anyone interested . : - -RRB-
 I bought this phone because I remembered the Candlestick Phone from when I was a kid and always liked it . This phone not only looks great but it also works great . The only negative is the fabric covered wire is much thinner than the original wire .
 I love this phone not only is it in good working order it just looks AWSOME I really love that old look
 I just love this phone . It is authentic looking . Solid . and worth it 's price . For me though , I found the handset very very heavy . I have n't tried it yet but with the volume on high and laying on the desk , possibly you could hear well enough not to have to hold it . I just would n't be able to for a long conversation .
 Very realistic candlestick phone . It has a push button dialer that looks like a rotary dialer , I would prefer a rotary dialer , The unit is solid and heavy and well built , and works great .
 So , this was purchased really as desk decoration since the land line is gone anyhow . When it was there I used this to answer the phone a few times and the sound quality was great . Some parts may be plastic but the overall feel is heavy and solid like the phones of yore were - just watch an old movie where someone looks for the heaviest thing in the room to hit someone else with . If there was no fireplace poker , they grabbed a phone :-RRB- - it serves now as a great desk decoration next to the Emerson Heritage series radio and the `` Tiffany '' lamp.Gives my desk a homey , warm , comfortable feel . Like grampa 's den . Now if you have a land line and will use this as more than decoration , get it because the feel is solid and the sound quality great . If you 're looking for decoration and do n't want to spend the $ 150 for a REAL candlestick phone then get it because -LRB- other than the dial -RRB- it looks and feels like the real thing . Heck , even the dial looks close enough that no-one can tell the difference .
 I initially order the phone as a eye catcher piece in my guess room but the phone actually worked really well as well . Sound quality is great
 I am a huge crafter and I purchase lots of pattern books . The 3 ring cataloge holders gives me the oppertunity to organise my books in a 3 ring binder . They are a very practical item .
 These holders are perfect for holding catalogs or magazines in binders ... just what I was looking for ! They came quickly , too !
 The space pen is marvelous . It always writes , fits perfectly in my hand , and slips into my pocket with ease . There 's no other pen I 'd rather use .
 Fisher Space Pen , Bullet Space Pen , Lime Green , Gift Boxed -LRB- 400LG -RRB- This beautiful Fisher Space Pen makes a wonderful and useful gift . The color is lime and it is vivid . The pen writes and writes ... under water and over `` stuff '' . It is great to have one of these when you need to write holding a paper on a wall . It never skips . It comes in a nice gift box . GREAT GIFT !
 This pen stays next to my checkbook . Its easy to see because of the color and also matches my car . It also writes so incredibly smooth . Think about it , this was cutting edge tech back when it went to space . Its basically military grade . Its strong and reliable . Get yourself one .
 I already have the titanium-finish Fisher space pen in the bullet style , so I knew this would be a winner . They 're nice and compact so I can have one in my handbag without worrying about it taking up a lot of space , and then I have this one on my desk . There was a bit of a smear when I first wrote with it , but it may have been sitting in a box for a long time . It 's worked fine since then .
 Great style , color and function ! I am surprised about the comfort in writing and how it lays in my hand . Soft and light as a feather to write . Green for my daughter .
 These pens are perfect , they may ot write on everything , but pretty close to it . The size is perfect and the quality obvious , very well made .
 Small , shiny objects always catch my eye . This sweet little pen fits in my pant 's pocket and looks great when I pull it out to sign credit card receipts . Now , I need one in blue ...
 It does what it says on the tin . Writes upside down , it folds very compactly . Makes a good stocking stuffer .
 In any color . But when they made it in my team 's signature color I had to have it.The space pen is a beautiful pen . The metal is But the pink looks like it was dropped into a can ofenamel paint -LRB- or lacquer , I guess . The writing tool is fantastic . Love the way itwrites , even upside-down or especially great for doing crosswords in bed.But do n't get the pink one .
 I use it for a 27 '' LCD TV and a DVR on the top shelf underneath . It 's not designed for video components so measure carefully ... the bottom space can accommodate a component up to 21/2 '' high but only about 14.5 '' wide , which is too narrow for most video components . That metal curve eats up some of the usable width . The top shelf is roomier - it will take a 3 '' high component . My 16.5 '' wide DVR fits there nicely.It feels fairly heavy and of high quality . The color is just a little off - looks like it has a tiny bit of green in it compared to `` true '' gray .
 These file jackets are extremely useful . However , the vinyl was much thicker than I needed . There are some thinner ones out there that are much less expensive and do just as good a job .
 I 've owned this set for nearly a year now , and I am pleased with this product.Sure , there is the newer version with the color screen phones , but I do n't need too many gadets . As it stands , there are many features that I am aware of which I will never program into the phones.Sound reception is very good , and I have never had a problem connecting to the base unless I neglected a phone and let it really run it 's battery dry . Registering with the base did n't seem difficult , but it 's been too long since I did it , so my memory of it is vague . Overall it is a strong product , and much , MUCH , better than the previous system it replaced.I also bought a few extra handsets , but nothing much to talk about there . The extra handsets are identical in every way to the ones that come with the set . All handsets have an option to ring directly to another handset or ring to all handsets , which provides a useful intercom-like system , and keeps me from yelling upstairs as frequently.There are weaknesses in the system . Basically each handset holds its own memory , which means that syncronization of the hand sets is never fun , and not easy . I find that I need to manually program numbers into multiple handsets as there is no handset-to-handset transfer feature . Fortunately , it 's easy to use the caller ID features to save numbers quickly into a phone , so this is less of an issue for storing numbers from received phone calls . The displays are crisp and easy to read , but not so bright as to provide annoying distraction when the lights are off.For the person who must have a distinct ringtone for different people calling , or a distinct displayed picture , these handsets to offer such capabilities -LRB- within limits -RRB- , including the ability to load in new pictures . However , maintenance of such settings laborsome , as they have to be programmed into each phone separately.My biggest complaint is that we tend to forget to place them on their cradles , and -LRB- like all portable phones -RRB- after a few days , their batteries get discharged with use . Considering that I 've had other systems in the past where I could n't hear my caller , the sound quality was very poor , the batteries would n't hold a charge for more than 3 hours , I 'd say this rates far better than one star , but I 'm withholding the fifth star due to poor ability to sync information between phones -LRB- did I mention that it was annoying ? -RRB-
 I 've owned this phone for 6 months and have not experienced any problems with it . It always connects to the base fine . I 've brought it outside without a problem . I also have a wireless home network and have not experienced any problems with my wireless network . This is the 2nd V-Tech phone that I have owned . I bought it because I had good luck with my previous V-Tech phone , and because I wanted a 5.8 GHz phone that would not interfere with my wireless network . Each handset has a speakerphone which works well . I bought one as a present for somebody and they loved it .
 I have been very please with the sound quality , range and features of this phone set . it was easy to setup , and just works . The menu interface is very easy to read , bright displays on the phones . great phone set and expandable !
 As always , Amazon came to the rescue . We surfed high and low and could not find these specific rotary trimmers for our paper cutter . They are just what we needed . Buy with confidence !
 It is amazing how much we have used this paper cutter over the years in our home office . The paper cutter was starting to do a sad job and the resulting paper edges were rough . This replacement blade did the trick and we are back to getting clean cuts . There are a variety of blade sizes and various cutting patterns , so just make sure you have the right one.This is the standard straight edge blade .
 First one of the persons I work started using these to keep his work together ; then the other -LRB- who continually loses things -RRB- . They are sturdy , attractive , noticeable in a pile , easy to use -LRB- open on two sides -RRB- , and the contents are identifiable at a glance . Since we started using these my boss has much less loose paper lying around on his desk . I liked them so well , I bought a box for my husband who is working on a dissertation and has pieces of his work lying all over the place . Now he can keep a chapter and all the previous drafts/comments in one place , and see at a glance what something is . These protectors/organizers had to be special ordered ; no office supply store in our area carries them in store or on line . They are definitely worth the effort and the price .
 I have no idea what this substance the glue is made of , but it is the sticky stuff in the world . I ordered this tape because I put down plastic under my house for a vapor barrier . I wanted to connect all of the seams so that no hint of moisture was able to get through . After doing a lot of research I found this was going to be the right product for the job . I also am glad the tape is red so that it stands out from the plastic that I am putting it on . One word of caution ; do not lay the tape roll on its side because everything will stick to it , and it will be very hard to get off . Over all this is the best tape that I have ever used and I would buy it again .
 Works perfectly as a vapor barrier tape . Due to very strong adhesive , I have found many other good uses , where `` scotch '' tape is not strong enough and duct tape deteriorates over time .
 This tape sticks to nearly everything . If you are looking for a vapor barrier tape then this is exactly what you need.Pros
 Super sticky stuff . It latches onto the plastic vapor barrier behind your drywall . I did n't want to take the chance moisture would come through behind the patch . The repairs were done a year ago and all is well . I like this stuff .
 We replaced the tile on our kitchen back splash and to do so they had to cut the old drywall out and replace . Well when they cut it , they cut the sheathing . This tape and some 2 mil plastic to the rescue . It worked great . It 's SUPER sticky and had NO problem sticking to the wood or plastic . This will even work in a standard tape gun like used in warehouses and such.SUPER sticky !!!!
 This tape sticks well , I had no problems with it coming off . It does n't tear easily , which is good in a sheathing tape . Price is n't bad either .
 exacrly what i ordered.my wife was surprised and thankful this tape uis used for holding knitting material together and it does the job better than anything . i am going to buy more right now . bye . .
 Used this to seal the seams on my foam panel insulation installation in my basement . Worked great . Hopefully it will last because I 'm putting walls in front of it .
 I FOUND THIS ITEM FOR SALE AT WWW.MYOFFICEPAL.COMI AM A WRITER AND ENJOY THE OLD STYLE TYPEWRITER.IT IS COMMERCIAL QUALITY , AND SURE TO BE WORTH THE SMALL PRICE .
 Easy to use , good quality , absurdly cheap , what 's not to like ? Be sure to reset your PC 's default audio device after installation or all your sounds will be directed to the phone instead of your speakers .
 This product is wonderful ! I can look at a picture of my grandaughter every time I use the computer . It sticks to my desk and is so easy to change the picture .
 The wow pad is a nice addition to my desktop . My cordless laser mouse works great on it and it does n't take up a lot of room . The pad being flat is an advantage to because there is no obstruction in your way . All around a great mouse pad to own and a good product .
 Love this WOW!Pad . I can change the photo as often as I want - not stuck with same old one ! It 's very durable , too . I 'd deal with this merchant again . AA + +
 Nice pad , but kind of expensive . Could have got a regular mouse pad but I wanted the one that has a picture slot in it . It 's very thin but I 'm ok with that . The edges is a little sharp and I wish the back has a stronger grip to it .
 Item obtained as one of a collectoin and variety of mouse pads for utilization in a traveling work environment , serves as an exceptional ` mini ' optical mouse pad . Also excellent to keep that favorite photo under hand !
 The receiver of the WOW!PAD said , `` WOW ! , a really thoughtful gift that could be personalized just for me ! ''
 I have been using this brand of sheet protectors for years and am very satisfied with them . I use them to put pictures , recipes , patterns and anything that I want organized in them . Some of the ones I am still using are more than 10 years old and yet they are still in good shape and very pliable . This is the only brand of Sheet Protector that I will ever use .
 These did the job , they are exactly as described and what you would expect from a top loading sheet protector
 Good Value , durable product . This item performed as well as any other sheet protector I have used , but at a better price .
 I purchased this labeler in the midst of an electrical upgrade in my house , and I 've used it to neatly label all the circuits in my panel . It is easy to use , fast , and came with a good sized roll of labeling tape . For the price , it 's a great deal , though the range of extra features -LRB- larger tapes , special fonts , multi line printing -RRB- may be too small for those with need for more decorative labels .
 These little labeler runs our company . They make some of our management decisions every day . There are a billion of wires in our data centers and , besides our documentation servers , only these labelers know where the other ends of those wires go . Granted it appears that we control the lablers , but the decisions are based purely off of their thoughts . There are five shadowy PT-70s and one PT-65 overlords running the show here . The only reason their numbers have decreased is because they disappear in to thin air not because any have ever broke down . When they run out of management decisive tape , it is n't difficult to find some . Replacing said tape is also a breeze . Do not be fooled by this review , I 'm telling you from experience that these devices make organization a breeze and are easy to operate . I am not saying this because of the PT-70 on my desk is forcing me to write such a wondrous review or that there will be consequences if I do not .
 As a labeler
 N Werle 's review seems a bit much ... I 'll give you the label separator thing , It really does n't work at all . But the rest of your review ... I ca n't agree with it . I received a Dymo -LRB- Letratag -RRB- & Brother -LRB- PT-70 -RRB- label maker for Christmas and have so far really liked this model -LRB- Brother PT-70 -RRB- far more than the Dymo Letratag . I have n't had any trouble using the features or accidentally printing . Construction seems a bit too `` plasticky '' for my taste while the Dymo seems more heavy and solid . The Dymo also uses 4 AA while the brother PT-70 uses 4 AAA . Not sure if this is a good thing or bad thing . Sure it will weigh less , but I assume the batteries wo n't last as long . Also , I really appreciate the qwerty keyboard on the Brother .
 I really like this labeler ! My main purpose for buying this was to make labels for my coupon binder , but i know I will find many other uses ! Its very easy to use . There are different font styles and sizes , special characters , and borders . This is a great , inexpensive addition to any home or office .
 An unbelievable value in terms of the hassle and frustration this little baby prevents . When my old one died , I lasted exactly 3 days before buying this replacement . Brother has this category locked . The thing always works , despite humidity , freezing temperatures , dust and dog hair , repeatedly being dropped , lack of electricity . -LRB- I took mine camping . -RRB- Labels are fantastic for phone chargers , power adapters that all look the same -LRB- but are n't -RRB- , labeling all kinds of stuff in a multi-kid or multi-pet household , pithy instructions on rarely used equipment , distinguishing remote controls , organizing cords of all kinds and clarifying computer inputs , buttons and switches for elderly folks overwhelmed by too many options . Spare keys , frozen food , pill boxes , temporary dog tags when traveling , stuff being sent to your kids ' camp ... you will not believe how many uses you find for this labeler beyond the obvious manila folders and hanging files . -LRB- By the way , if you use hanging file folders , place the tape as it emerges , sticky part NOT exposed , directly into the plastic sleeve . No need to fuss with computer-printed labels or struggle to read your handwriting later . -RRB- LOVE IT . Note if you need long-term labels for stuff stored outdoors you should get a different Brother labeler that makes laminated labels .
 We 've had our PT70 for a number of years , probably more than 5 years . It is one of the most frequently used office items in our house , it has become absolutely indispensable . It is quite easy to use , and the manual is readily available for those people who have challenges . Reliability has been stellar . The quality of labels is outstanding - I have some under my car , labeling a few key items for mechanics -LRB- Google Panzer Plate if you 're curious and a VW or Audi owner and want to preserve your car -RRB- , and those labels have lasted for years . Several font sizes and styles can be printed , from large , covering most of the 12mm tape , to tiny . Do n't believe those on Amazon who may rate this a 1 , if they read the manual , then perhaps things would become clear to them.Read Dave Allen 's Getting Things Done . Label your stuff!Highly recommended .
 The Brother PT 70 is an excellent labeler . It certainly has increased my ability to become more organized . Already I have organized paperwork , photos , office suppliers , much more efficiently with these little labels . It makes it easy to think where things should actually go and label them under a common theme . Sounds simple , right ? It is , but it takes time . When you have a little efficient tool like the PT 70 , that time is decreased , and it actually kind of becomes fun . The PT 70 is neat and quick , does the job very well . The bells and whistles are minimal . Its very easy to use . Small negatives - It does not have different fonts , which would be nice , and it does print out with what seems like excess white space around the word , which of course wastes the tape a bit , but that may be something one can set differently -LRB- I have to still figure that out ! -RRB- Overall , I rate this an excellent product , does the job neatly and efficiently . And its a cool color - I can always find it when I need to !
 Picked up the Pt 70 about two years ago and it 's proven to be very useful and reliable . The main knock on it is that many of the functions and settings are buried in a pretty unintuitive interface . I found the first several times I used it that I needed the directions because I could n't remember how to make the text bold , change the font size , set italics , etc. . The navigation controls and menu buttons are not marked in an easily recognizable way , instead relying on the user to know that you select you select a bold font , for example , by pressing the `` fn '' button three times to find the `` style '' setting , then press the return arrow button to enter the style menu , then press the right arrow button to cycle through until you get the bold setting , then press the return arrow button to select bold ... you get the picture . You will figure it out eventually , but why they did n't create a few dedicated style buttons -LRB- bold , italics , vertical/horizontal text , font size , etc -RRB- is beyond me . Aside from the poorly marked control buttons and draconian interface , the device works really well at actually printing labels . The print is clear , the tape adheres well , and the unit has performed flawlessly through many many print jobs . For the price this is a good product that makes nice labels , and it 's one of those things that 's good for about a million and one little jobs around the house and office . Just be ready to endure the unfortunately unclear controls until you get familiar with them .
 I have recorded to DVD a collection of about 700 documentaries , on about 375 discs . I use the PT-70 to label each DVD jewel case with disc number on the case edge and title -LRB- s -RRB- on the front covers . In other words , I have gotten a lot of use out of this labeler . Between my documentary collection and other uses -LRB- files , etc. -RRB- I have probably gone through thirty rolls of label tape in the last three years . With all that use , the PT-70 has never failed me once . The tape has never jammed , there have never been any misprints , and every label I have printed looks as if I had printed them on a brand-new labelmaker . Once you get used to navigating it , the PT-70 is a breeze to operate . I HIGHLY recommend this impressive little labeler .
 This labeler is perfect if you just need something basic for around the house . I used it to label my files and they look great and are much easier to read than my previous pen-on-cardboard-with-my-sloppy-handwriting labels.Easy to use , small , very ugly color -LRB- does that matter for a labeler ? -RRB- love it
 It makes labels , and takes four AAA -LRB- four ? what , you could n't have used larger capacity batteries ? -RRB- batteries . Just make sure you get some good rechargeable batteries , such as Sanyo Eneloop .
 The basic operation could not be any easier . You just type the word or phrase , hit `` Print feed '' , wait for the printing , and hit the button with scissors -LRB- on the left side -RRB- to cut the tape . Removing the label backing just with fingers is possible but a bit tricky . Read the manual about the built-in peeler.Most of the options are about fonts . There are also options about typing vertically , underlining the text , making frames around it , stretching the label to a given length , and printing many copies.The device can type Latin characters -LRB- small and capital -RRB- , Latin characters with accents , space , digits , punctuation marks , mathematical characters , commercial characters , and some other symbols -LRB- i.e. arrows -RRB- . No Cyrillic , Greek etc. fonts.The tape is 0.47 '' -LRB- 1.2 cm -RRB- wide , the height of characters is about half of this . You can not increase it.The length of the tape is about 4m . This is enough for 20-80 labels , depending on how long they are.As for the battery life , I played with the device for 1-2 hours , printed about 12 labels , and the batteries did not discharge.When switched on , the device often makes a quiet sound resembling fast tick-tocking . When the device is upright , the sound can be heard from distances of up to 1 foot -LRB- 30 cm -RRB- or so.Generally , the device is funny and useful , especially for its price .
 I picked up the PT-70 on a whim at a check out display at an office supply store because the price was so low and I remembered I had some file folders to label . It sat on my desk for a while until I suddenly needed to handle a whole set of confusing estate documents . It took a few minutes and some fooling around to get familiar with it , but afer I printed a few labels using the largest type face , I was able to get some nice large labels for the file tabs in bold black print . My only problem was in getting the paper backing off of the label itself , which is a bit of a learning experience . All told , it was tthe best tweny bucks I 've ever spent ! Later , I was complaining that all of our phone chargers looked the same , and thought of labeling them to avoid confusion . Well , I now have EVERY charger in the house labeled , so0 we can toss them all into the same drawer for all our digital chargers and wires , etc. . I 've found that I can label each easily , and on the round male plug , I simply wrap a label around he plug with a letter key for each device , `` A '' , `` B '' , etc. so now I can plug and unplug quickly and easily . Frankly , I 've paid more for Post-its and pens than I did for this labeler , and not a week goes by I am not labeling something else ! Nifty !
 Came on time . Exactly as described . Just what I needed . Was a little dissappointed that AC cord was n't included . Thanks
 Its a little complicated figuring out all the things it could do but with help from the instructions and some guess I pretty well figured it out in a short amount of time I 've wanted one of these for a long time and very glad I finally got one
 It is just what I wanted . Very Happy It works very well It is very well made and beautiful color
 I broke my other labeler and could hardly wait for this one to come . I use it constantly for organization in my home
 The Fellowes Saturn SL 125 will plastic laminate a 12.5 inch wide page . This size lamination has traditionally required very expensive professional equipment . This is a real breakthrough in offering large-page lamination to everyone.The Saturn has some really nice features
 I 've already laminated about 50 pages , this machine has n't jammed . It produces a perfect lamination everytime and its very easy to use .
 I am a homeschooling mom of 3 and have laminated well over 100 sheets since owning this machine . Overall it has been totally awesome !!! I have had a couple crinkles and a couple times I had to rerun a sleeve -LRB- but only because what I was laminating was extra thick -RRB- . I would highly recommend this laminator for home use . I have only had it for about 2 months , so I ca n't speak to how long it will last , but for now I am pleased .
 Going strong now for two years . While it may not be for huge jobs at one time it just wont quit . Have accidentally left it running all night and didnt burn down the house . Recommended .
 I received this months ago and having using it like crazy . I Have been using this at home and also at my church for sunday school . I have been laminating big items and small items . It is pretty fast and for sure durable . The unit is very compact and portable so that allows me to use it in several places.It is very simple and easy to use . I took it out of the box and started using no instructions needed . This is not the cheapest out there but Fellows has a very good reputation for quality home and office products . I would suggest this to anyone no problem .
 Fair shot that 2011 will go down in my personal history as the year I got my laminator . It 's so easy to use and -LRB- thus far -RRB- works without a hitch . I 've never had to run anything through twice and nothing has gotten stuck yet . I want to laminate everything that 's not nailed down.I 'm a mom who uses this to preserve my daughter 's drawings , as well as photos and important documents . Do a little comparison shopping ; I found it at a steal and am thrilled that I did .
 I would hardly call myself a laminating expert , but this is such a simple product that it does n't take an expert to review . It 's so simple in fact , that the instruction manual consists of 4 drawings that tell you how to use it . Well ... not really . There 's a full fledged instruction manual , but the quick diagram does the trick.The product comes with a set of large laminating sheets capable of full-paged lamination . It takes a little while to heat up , then pulls the laminating sheet through slowly with a mechanical lever handy to release the heating element in the case of jams . There 's a fold out cover that doubles as a tray , and handle to carry it . The power cable easily wraps around the feet.Other than that , it 's heavy and awkward in a home office and smells when it heats up . Still , it 's an excellent laminator .
 The Fellowes Saturn SL 125 laminator is extremely easy to use . So far I have used it to laminate newspaper articles , labels , flyers , and work documents . The free pouches that are included with the laminator are pretty thin , and I prefer a thicker mil . They are okay for non-work items , though.I really like the fact that I can use it to laminate larger items . This is extremely helpful at times when I need to create larger than the typical 8x11 sheet . The laminator heats up quickly and laminates pretty fast . It seems to cool down fairly quickly , too . I would definitely recommend this laminator to anybody needing one for home office , school , work , etc. jobs . It 's a great piece of equipment .
 I recently bought this laminator after reading a bunch of reviews and decided that this was the best one for my purpose . I needed to laminate team cards to hand out to parents and I needed to crank out 40 cards in under an hour . The machine worked great , heated up quickly and was so easy to use my daughter joined in ! I would highly recommend it .
 My small office has been laminating anything and everything because we love this machine . Easy , attractive , and with excellent results every time .
 I researched many laminators before deciding to buy this one . It is well designed with a carrying handle and a cover to prevent dust when not in use , and it turns out crisp and clean laminates each time . I use primarily 3 and 7 mil pouches and it works fine for both . -LRB- Though sometimes I have to run the 7 mil through twice , especially if I 'm using a heavier card stock paper . -RRB- I also like that it 's wide enough to laminate the 12 '' x 18 '' pouches . Highly recommended !
 I ordered this laminator for a staff of 11 people and it 's great ! It 's compact yet can laminate as large as 11x17 ! Highly reccomend !
 I am a stay at home mom trying to home preschool three little ones . This machine is great for making all of their learning materials more durable . It is n't the quickest machine out there but definitely will get the job done . I would highly recommend it .
 I have been using this laminator for printed signs in a business and LOVE IT . I 've only used it on its 3mm setting , but it works great with regular paper and card stock . If it 's left on for a little too long , it starts to rattle a little , but otherwise it is absolutely silent . Not overly fast , but it gets the job done and done well . I would recommend this to anyone !
 Having spent a career in product design engineering , I 'm very impressed with this unit . It not only works great , it has a very clean design with lots of little features that just make it an overall hit . My only * teensie * gripe is that , at 48 '' the power cord is about 6 '' short of where I need to plug it in -- but I know how to find an extension cord ! It works very well on 3 mil and 5 mil pouches ; have n't tested heavier but I suspect there wo n't be a problem . I use it without any sleeve and have had excellent results . Another plus
 My wife and I wanted to laminate a bunch of varied items , from small sheets to large sheets , in varying thicknesses . I was tired of paying a buck a sheet at the office supply store , so we took the plunge.I 've used it to laminate items from business card to full sheet size , and with 3 mm and 4 mm pouches . I set the laminator on the 3 mm setting with 4 mm pouches . It comes out perfect every time , and it has never jammed . I ca n't think of what would make it work better , so I gave it 5 stars .
 The Fellowes Saturn SL 125 Home & Office Laminator is a cost effective laminator for home , small office , and classroom environments . It 's a great size for both easy storage and portability . The performance of this little unit is quite good too , allowing single-pass jobs to get a good lamination seal . It warms up moderately fast , but has an a rather extended cooldown time , which can be a little worrisome if you use it and plan on taking it elsewhere a short time later . For permanent desktop use however , this hardly an issue at all . The unit is actually very quiet in operation and I 've had no problem with jams or feed problems . There have been a couple instance of small air bubbles on a couple of laminating jobs , but out of the several hundred items it 's had put through it , that gives it an average of a little less than 1 % chance of any issues for a given job . Really quit impressive given cost of this little workhorse !
 The Saturn 125 12.5-inches Laminator is a pretty good Laminator , Granted we have only used it for past week or so but the results were consistently good . This unit will be eventually used in a school and I am confident it will survive the daily use with ease as it seems well built-to-last . The silent operation and relatively quick to warm-up is one plus side of this laminator , the size is perfect for small to medium size jobs like posters and cards and results were pretty good so far . Of course it needs periodic cleaning depending on the type of materials you use to laminate ; if you clean often with a cleaning paper you can avoid bubbles in your lamination.Dual temperature settings switch for laminating 3 and 5 mil hot pouches which also acts as ON/OFF switch and an easy carry handle makes it extremely portable laminator . The design is nice - There are no hot surfaces that you can come in direct contact with.Love the chime when it is ready to use , Sounds like a Microwave letting you know that Popcorn is ready!It is good product - that I would not hesitate recommending to others ...
 I -LRB- the daughter of Ron -RRB- bought this for myself to use for a convention . I draw and am beginning to sell my art and wanted something to help protect it , as well as make my own business cards and fliers that wo n't rip or tear easily . Needless to say , I 've laminated a lot of things in a very short time ! I have n't yet seen a bubble or a jam and have n't had to run anything through more than once yet . Not that jams -LRB- or my accidentally putting things in crooked -RRB- matter ... it has a nice little `` panic '' button , as I call it , that releases the rollers and you can pull the picture out and re-situate if need be . : -RRB- As for heat ups and cool downs , both are really quick . It beeps really loudly whenever it 's ready . It 's like a microwave styled beep - loud and obnoxious but does n't last too long . This is useful for me since I keep it in a noisy room and I do n't like leaving it on when I 'm not using it . When it 's heated up , the smell is really noticeable at first ... but you get used to it pretty quickly . It 's not even a fraction as bad as the big ones they have at schools.I 've also heard some horror stories about electronics and items made from different brands than theirs - this laminator -LRB- so far -RRB- has taken everything I 've thrown at it amazingly . The laminating sheets it came with are really high gloss and nice , but I 'm growing more fond of scotch brand sheets , myself . They have a lot of static and hold the papers in them really well.I think the only thing that can be a bit of a nuisance with this laminator is that you need something for the paper to roll out of the laminator on . The laminator is raised , so if the paper comes straight out , it cools down in a curl and it 's a pain in the butt trying to flatten it . I 've put a book behind the laminator and have n't had an problem with that since . So it 's an easy thing to work around . : D
 I have put this machine to the test in my in-home childcare and preschool . I 've used both 3 and 5 mil with no issues . Only thing wrong with this purchase is that I did n't do it sooner .
 An excellent laminator . I was not experienced with using one , and had some very important `` keepers '' that I needed to laminate . I 've used it now with several different sizes and density items , and am very pleased with all of the results . I would definitely recommend this machine for both price and quality .
 I 've used laminators for years in several offices where I 've worked . They are usually noisy and HOT , some of them too hot to touch the case . And once the laminated item was finished running through these heat monsters of yesteryear , they were often also too hot to handle at first . These are the things I was looking for when using this Saturn 125 model . To my delight , this unit just gets kind of warm to touch , VERY happy about that . It heats up in 5 or 6 minutes and beeps to let you know it 's ready -LRB- just two beeps , not something you have to stand there to silence -RRB- . Also , the unit runs VERY quiet , I thought at first it was broken because I did n't hear the usual humming grinding as the rollers turn . You feed the laminated item straight in using the sizing guide on the little tray that folds down -LRB- and keeps dust out when not it use which is nice -RRB- . You do n't need to use the cardboard folders that were required by the heat monsters . The lam starts feeding through very quietly and very smoothly just placing it in the slot . The unit produces a very smooth output . I laminated some letter-size docs printed on semi-gloss photo paper with no discoloration also . And best of all , the lam 'd item is just slightly warm once it 's done . This is a great unit . My only gripe but not worth deducting a star over
 If you like to laminate multiple items in your business using one sheet and one pass then this laminator is for you . I have used over the years a Xerox 10 '' laminator . Having an additional 21/2 inches provides additional space to laminate more items . I am a regular customer of Fellowes having purchased several of their well made shredders . Simply stated they make well made , well thought out products that hold up over time . We 'll see how this laminator holds up over time , but from my first impression I feel confident it will .
 The Fellowes Saturn 125 12.5-Inch laminator was designed for moderate use at home or in a small office . The 12.5 inch entry accommodates multiple document sizes . A power switch on top of the laminator allows for turning off as well as 3 and 5 mil pouch settings . The Saturn 125 takes about 6 minutes to warm up , and also sounds an alert tone when ready for use . As a backup , two lights , one red and one green , indicate the laminator 's ready status . After use , cool down takes about 90 minutes . An anti-jam release lever is also included just in case the document has been incorrectly fed or needs straightened.A few times during warm up , the laminator makes a loud grinding noise . This does n't affect the lamination quality , but is n't something I expected either . Once warmed up , the laminator worked as it should . Laminating a full page document seems a little slow but is n't abnormally so . Plus the Double walled HeatGuard technology allows some warmth on the exterior surface . The temperature is n't going to cause a burn , but it 's not `` cool to the touch '' either.The compact modern design permits upright storage when not in use . The feet double as a cord storage system , and the laminator 's loading tray rests on the handle and also serves as a dust cover . Standing on its side for storage , measuring approximately 3.5 '' x 20.75 '' x 8 '' , it could almost be mistaken for a portable stereo.The Saturn 125 office laminator is simple to use . Warm up , slide the document in a pouch , run it through the laminator , and let the document cool . Then turn off and unplug until the next use . This laminator can handle photos as well as standard paper documents.If you 're looking for a basic , uncomplicated laminator for light to moderate use , the Fellowes Saturn 125 office laminator is worthy of consideration.PROS : Includes laminating starter kitCompact modern designSimple to useCan laminate photos2 year limited warrantyCONS : Occasional grinding noiseCool touch a little on the warm side
 Great for the price product ! If using thicker sheets than recommended , I say run it twice to avoid air bubbles . Works great , even though it smells funny , especially at the beginning .
 This is the epitome of laminating simplicity . Plug in the laminator , move the switch to the left or to the right and let this bad boy warm up . When the unit alerts you that it is ready to go to work just drop down the guide that covers the entrance , and which also acts as a dust protector , and slide your project into the slot . The first time or two when you drop the guide it wil act somewhat reluctant but it soon learns its role and cooperates rather nicely for future uses.The handle is convenient for relocating the unit . All in all a handy and satisfactory device for your laminating needs .
 I am very happy with this machine . I wanted a Laminator that could handle larger items and this does the trick.The only negatives I have are that it takes a while to get heated up , which I guess is to be expected . Hopefully the slow heat up will mean a longer life.The second negative is there is no feed tray , either on the input side or the output side . This is what cost it one star in my opinion.This is a bit more troubling because it means having to clear off quite a bit of space on both the front and back . It worries me because of concerns for possibly picking up dust or lint . Right now I use an island type counter which I completely clear off before trying to laminate anything.I think it should at least have an output tray since the item being laminated is still quite warm as it exits the machine so if there is any dust or lint I fear it will get stuck to the item I am laminating.But on the positive side it can handle items large enough so you can create your own place mat designs , posters or mouse pads.The speed that it feeds the item is pretty good considering that it is applying heat to it and if it moves to quickly , you wo n't get a good seal . Also it ensures that you do n't get any `` bubbles '' or areas where the laminating material does n't adhere to the item being laminated.A suggestion would be a compartment in the box to hold the laminating material flat since this machine is meant to be portable yet the laminating sheets are loose inside the box and are packaged in plastic rather than in a stiff cardboard box . So when carrying the machine , the laminate sheets tend to want to curl up or in other ways get themselves wrinkled up.All in all I would recommend this machine for your laminating jobs .
 Simple product
 This laminator is built like a tank - esp . when compared to the Scotch TL901 . It not only weighs about three times as much , but is also much more robust with no flimsiness to it -LRB- such as the TL901 's document feed tray -RRB- . However , it does cost an order of magnitude more - so this is as much as I 'll say about a direct comparison between the two.The laminator includes a starter pack with a 10-pack of 3 mil pouches and a carrier/cleaning sheet.The process of laminating a document is a very simple one - as long as you do n't try to get around the laminator 's rules by , for instance , cutting the pouch down to a custom size prior to laminating.You need a pouch , which comes in various thickness each offering more protection . While the 3 mil size is sufficient for general home usage , I personally prefer the 5 mil pouches , which works great for recipe cards and other often-handled material . The document is placed in the pouch , ensuring that there 's at least 1/8th of an inch around the edges of the document , allowing for enough of a seal to occur between the two sides of the pouch.Power on the machine , setting the selector to the thickness of the pouch you 're using . The SL125 comes with two positions , 3mil and 5mil . The TL901 has settings for 3mil and > 5mil . I 've not tried thicknesses greater than 5mil - but if the TL901 can handle it , the SL125 probably would too.Once the green ready light comes on you 're good to go.Simply feed the document to the laminator 's rollers , and the job 's done . We 've cut the resulting output into custom shapes once the lamination has been done , keeping in mind that you need a slight margin around the item being laminated.It takes about 45 seconds per sheet , and we were able to feed in multiple documents in very short order.All in all , a very competent little machine , and highly recommended.A few minor comments : The `` dust cover/document feed tray '' is a tight fit , and I thought it was going to break off before I finally worked it open.The power cord is * really * short.The first time you power it on , make sure your room is well ventilated as the smell is noteworthy.Happy Laminating ! ~ Damodar
 So far this laminator has proven to be perfect for the uses intended in the office I work . We have been using it in the office to laminate presentations , business cards and the like and its performance has been great , it takes about 5 minutes to warm and then you 're ready to use it . It is a very nice looking device and plus it is portable ! Part of its design as you can see in the pictures includes a handle . The laminator is incredibly light and very easy to carry from one place to another.It is designed for 3 - or 5-mil pouches , a package with 10 3 mil pouches is included in the box so you can start using immediately without having to worry about getting any materials needed . It features a 12.5 '' entry width with predefined measures for letter A4 and small photographs.I have not experienced any problems whatsoever , the pages laminated , either full pages or small ones have been laminated to perfection , perhaps the fact that I have used the transporter page included has helped but I have yet to see anything get stuck in it . However , should you happen to have any paper stuck , the back of the laminator includes a small lever you can use that should help you get the paper out in case you need to.While everything has been nice about it , one thing I think is worth to mention is that the laminator does get very hot on top . One of the selling points of this model is the ` HeatGuard -LRB- tm -RRB- Technology ' that is supposed to keep the device cool to touch , well unless I got a faulty unit -LRB- which I do n't think is the case -RRB- , the laminator gets way too hot on its top part , it is definitely not cool to touch . The bottom portion however , does indeed stay cool so it is safe to place say on your desk without the risk of the surface being affected by the heat.Please consider this is a portable laminator intended for small office use , if that is what you need well this may be the right product for you , if you intend to have a laminator for a more ` heavy ' use , you may need to look for other options .
 I use this laminator for a variety of business and personal needs , and it is very easy to use , relatively inexpensive , and reliable . We have had it for a few weeks and have laminated 50 + things with one failed lamination , where it jammed . We used the cleaning sheet after that and it was good to go again.Pros
 I 've collected many recipes printed off the internet over the past couple years , but while I 'm preparing the food , I inadvertently get the sheet of paper dirty from the ingredients spilling all over . I 've been using my laminator for the recipes , so the next time I can just wipe the recipe off instead of printing out another one.This is great for that , my sheets are 8.5 '' x 11 '' copier paper and the fit is perfect . This laminator will go up to 12.5 '' wide , the other Saturn model -LRB- 95 -RRB- Fellowes Saturn SL95 9.5 IN Office Laminatorwould have been even more suited for the recipes I 'm laminating.It takes around 5 or 6 minutes to heat up , there is quite a bit of a burning odor when the laminator is new , after doing 10 pages , I 'm not noticing the odor as much now . When it 's ready to use , the green light will illuminate and a beeper will sound . Running a page through takes less than 60 seconds.One thing I found was the tray/guide was hard to open at first , probably since it was new , it 's getting easier to open now . Instructions are satisfactory , even for a person who has never used a laminator before . Granted I 've only used this for 10 pages so far , I have never had that first problem with bubbling or jamming.This will handle pouches of 3 mil or 5 mil , and there is a slide switch on top of the laminator depending on what mil thickness you are laminating -LRB- 3 mil - off - 5 mil -RRB- . The switch feels a little flimsy.A package of ten -LRB- 10 -RRB- 3 mil letter sized laminating pouches is supplied - along with a cleaning paper that should be run through after every laminating job .
 After my laminator arrived , I immediately put it to use laminating gift tags to tie to some christmas presents . It worked flawlessly , passing the A4 sized sheet of 5 mil lamination through in about 1 minute , with no bubbles . Warmup takes about 5 minutes , and lets out an audible `` DING '' when it 's ready . The 12.5 '' width makes it very easy to pass A4 sheets -LRB- 8.5 x11 -RRB- through , because you do n't even have to make sure the paper feeds perfectly straight.As others have mentioned , I had no problem using 7-mil lamination with this laminator , even though it 's supposed to only handle 3 and 5-mil . Very simple , easy to use , with great results . Highly recommended !
 This laminator does a wonderful job ! I would recommend this to anyone whose looking for an at-home laminator . Shopped around at Staples , Office Max & Office Depot and this same model ranges in price from $ 200 - $ 250 . Great deal !
 Needed a laminator for crafts and business laminating -- something that could hold up under multiple laminating jobs . I 've had it for about 2 years now and it is working in tip top shape .
 Just love this laminator . Easy to use and laminates nicely . Heats up quickly and the compact size for makes for easy storage . Super quick shipping and an affordable price .
 I use this laminator several times daily and after a month of use , I am very happy . It is designed for 3 and 5 mil pouches , but I run 7 mil pouches through with no problem . I tested on a 10 mil and it was fine , but needed to run through twice . It was a good value for the price , and I 've had no problems at all .
 For a laminator it is pretty good . I used it for laminating children 's art for placemats . The children were very impressed and loved them . I ran about 20 before the first one got wrapped around the roller inside . Nearly impossible to get out . We had to leave it cool down and take it appart . Note
 Length :
 The only reason I am giving this item 4 stars is because I originally got a defective one shipped to me . The warm-up light would not progress from red to green . I had to ship it back . However , I was extremely satisfied with Amazon 's customer service . I got a brand new laminator in 2 days.The one I have now does work fine . It warms up in about 6 minutes . The lamination is fast and easy . I could n't be happier with the results . Every time I laminated , it produced clean , smooth results . I would recommend this product to anyone who does laminating on a day-to-day basis .
 Now that we have a child , we 've found all sorts of uses for this laminator . From laminating projects that he did at school , to laminating photos that we send to family and friends . It 's also great to laminate important documents that you 'd prefer not get wrinkled.This laminator does 3 and 5 mil pouches . So far , we 've found this to be perfect . It 's not quite archive quality , as I believe the next model up can provide . But it should be much better then not doing anything.The device takes a lot longer to warm up then I had expected . I do n't have a whole lot of experience with laminators , but this was somewhat surprising.It comes with a 10 sheet 8.5 x11 sample pack , which is very nice . I would recommend buying one of their sample packs , which includes luggage tags and other pouches appropriately sized for other applications , such as photos and ID 's . I normally do a pros/cons , but that 's not really necessary . It works as advertised and I would recommend as a hobby and/or home/small office laminator .
 The laminator arrived within a few days the order was made and worked very well . I found it to be an excellent product . Previously I had purchased one from the Purple Cows brand at a local craft store and it malfunctioned on the first try . It was exchanged for another laminator and the second one chewed up the paper as well . Purple Cows Customer service was extremely poor so I researched and came across the Fellowes models ... and it worked extremely well . I 'd recommend this company -LRB- Fellowes -RRB- and it 's products because the merchandise performs as advertised .
 So far , so good ! It has an alarm to let you know when it is ready . You do n't need pouch jackets . I laminate a lot of 11x17 sheets and it does a great job !
 I like this laminator . It is very simple to operate . Nary a complaint . I have learned my lesson about the laminator 's plastic sheets , however . The 3 ml sample sheets -LRB- it comes with 10 of them -RRB- are to my way of thinking , rather flimsy . So I will be seeking out the 5 or 7 ml sheets , which the product says it can handle . But again , no complaints . Good value , as far as I can tell .
 This laminator works perfectly for us . Wide format is good . . carrying handle is good . . very portable . . Laminates great . Easy to use
 I teach preschool and have used this product to makeself-directed games for my children . It has worked wonderful and has been a time saver since I can do ithome now and not have to wait until I go to work and hopewe have the supplies .
 I borrowed several different laminators before purchasing one for myself . This is BY FAR the easiest and most reliable machine in this price range . Cold laminators did n't achieve the effect I was seeking . Although one must be patient when using this machine it works consistantly . It rolls the paper through at its own speed reducing errors , but beware the lamination envelopes are n't cheap . Definately a worth while purchase if you have a lot of documents to protect !
 I love this laminator ! I 'm a college student majoring in education . All of my projects require lamination and I just got tired of having to take everything to the store and pay a ton of money for it . This machine works great ! I 've used it quite a bit already and I have n't had any problems with it . It does take a while to warm up , but other than that it 's perfect !
 This laminator works really well -- relatively fast warm-up times , glitch-free document feeding , picture perfect lamination seals with no air bubbles , oversize document capability -LRB- up to 12.5 '' wide -RRB- -- I ca n't think of anything more I 'd want or need from a laminator . The only thing I question is the cool-down time -- the manual says to give it 90min , which sounds a bit excessive given the laminator barely feels warm to the touch . But no biggie . This is a really great laminator and I 'm quite happy with it . And the laminating sheets are n't very expensive either . It even has a nifty carrying handle and wrap-around cord storage that locks onto itself -- nice touch . If you need a laminator , this is a good one to get -- go for it !
 I guess this laminator could be used in a real office environment where there is higher demand , as it certainly looks like it is built for it . For me , it is a wonderful tool to have around the house . I found more use for it than I thought , from quick phone list in the kitchen to nice pictures that I want to post on the corkboard.The laminator took a few minutes to heat up . Much longer than your iron ! But then it just works . Some other laminator I used generated a burn plastic smell , not this one . It work efficiently and quietly . It took about 45-50 seconds to laminate a letter size page . A bit slow , but the result is perfect . It is heavy and big , so you need to have some space for it . I put it on the kitchen table to use.There is not much to tell about the machine , except it is simple and effective . A work horse of laminator . Highly recommended .
 In the past I have always used single-use laminating sheets which work great but can be a real challenge at times . This was my first time using a heated laminator and I was throughly impressed at how easy it was to use . The instructions are simple and the end results are free of defects/air bubbles . The machine seems reasonably durable though I would n't consider purchasing this as an `` Office '' laminator . I do n't think it 's really intended for heavy duty use though I do plan to bring this into the office to share . I 'll probably ask our administrator to keep an eye on it and only lend it out on an ` as needed ' basis as I ca n't see this product lasting more then a few weeks on its own in an office setting .
 I found the Fellowes Saturn SL 125 12.5-Inch Office Laminator to be reasonably useful . We 've run several dozen name tags , award certificates , 8 `` x10 '' images and other miscellaneous items through it without encountering any problems . The lamination speed is acceptable . The outside of the unit remains acceptably cool during operation . The cord could be somewhat longer . No matter where I used it I needed a short extension cord to reach the wall outlet.My only two real complaints about the unit would be :1 -RRB- Slow heat time . It takes quite a few minutes to get to operating temperature . It would be best to line up a large batch job to run through the laminator than to turn it on and wait repeatedly during the day to do things piecemeal .2 -RRB- The smoke colored plastic door/hatch that covers the input feed slot I found not only VERY hard to get open but had to literally pound on to get closed . As this is cheap , brittle plastic I can see it breaking rather easily.All in all the device preformed quite well .
 This is a great laminator . It takes a few minutes to warm up but then you are ready to go . It makes a great sturdy seal and has been a great addition to our home .
 This is a nice home laminator . It is fairly cheap , but also cheaply made . It works well enough.The question you have to ask yourself
 Took about 45 minutes to assemble but blends into the living room and does n't shout `` file cabinet '' . The pull out shelf is very convenient . Drawers function well .
 Beautiful style , good material , satisfied customer . My wife , especially , wanted such a cabinet to file her recipes that have been printed out on the computer . And she is so pleased to have the little writing pull-out shelf . It was easily assembled , everything fit perfectly . Thank You !
 It arrived much more quickly than I expected . That was pleasing . It was little overwhelming when I saw how many pieces there were to put together . My husband is great with fixing things and had it put together in an afternoon . It is very attractive and a nice sturdy piece of furniture .
 I frequently need to cram multiple binders into my courier bag , and the fact that these are flexible and not super bulky and heavy really works for me . Vastly prefer them to a standard heavy duty binder . I also like the offset rings , helps alot when writing on pages on the right side . Unfortunately this is NOT the best price on them - but the product is great .
 Took about 45 minutes to assemble but blends into the living room and does n't shout `` file cabinet '' . The pull out shelf is very convenient . Drawers function well .
 Beautiful style , good material , satisfied customer . My wife , especially , wanted such a cabinet to file her recipes that have been printed out on the computer . And she is so pleased to have the little writing pull-out shelf . It was easily assembled , everything fit perfectly . Thank You !
 It arrived much more quickly than I expected . That was pleasing . It was little overwhelming when I saw how many pieces there were to put together . My husband is great with fixing things and had it put together in an afternoon . It is very attractive and a nice sturdy piece of furniture .
 I 've had this pen for nearly three years . No , I 'm not complaining that the essential oil cartridge ran out ... of course it did ! I 'm just not sure what 's going on with the pen because I refilled the cartridge with eucalyptus essential oil , replaced it in the pen , and ca n't smell anything unless I unscrew the cap and smell the cartridge directly . It 's like the cap got jammed up with something , and the scent ca n't work its way through anymore . I searched the website for any kind of FAQ that might cover the subject , but could n't find anything.I 'd love to know if this is fixable ! Otherwise I 'm stuck with an otherwise lovely pen that no longer lets the essential oil scent through .
 Exactly what I thought it was when I ordered - a beautiful piece . And it arrived well packed with clear instructions for assembly.Update
 Very nice pencil . Has a sleek elegant look and just the perfect weight for a comfortable writing .
 I ordered this as an addition to my 7 yr old son 's new desk . It has a contemporary look and is larger than most pencil cups so it holds alot of the stuff that kids accumulate .
 This cup is bigger than I imagined , adding to it 's versatility . I keep it full of candy rather than pens and pencils . It overwhelmed the half dozen writing utencils I keep on hand , making it appear as if I needed more , lol.It 's a sturdy piece , made from a bright silver mesh . An attractive addition that fits in well with my other desk accessories , I recommend without reservation .
 I like the pencil cup very much . I would like to have it in pink , but I did n't find that color . It is finished well , does n't have loose places that can catch and stick you .
 Sturdy good looking Mesh Holder for pens and pencils . I paired it with an office desk mesh tray , looks real good on my desk at work . Pleased with the item .
 I like the way it folds up so that it is easy to put in your pocket . It also writs very well .
 I 've use these pens for my grocery list book . They are very practical for me and they clip into my notebook nicely .
 I just love my pen I even send one to my Brother and his Girlfriend in Germany . They love it too
 I like the idea of a collapsible pen , and this particular model not only looks sleek , but also solidly made . The pen operates without difficulty and writes smoothly .
 I use pen in my Filfax agenda It fits perfectly and I 've been using these pens for years . Naturally it writes beautifully
 An incredibly useful thing for anyone who does not carry a purse or wear a jacket . I 've used it to fill out unexpected paperwork , substitute for a dead pens in a checkout line and avoid having to wait for communal pens when there 's a crowd of people . Takes up almost no space in my wallet since it sits in the fold .
 Decent everyday pen that writes smoothly and does n't give the impression it 's telescopic when extended . Good weight to it and slide action is smooth after the first few uses . The head does like to unscrew itself a bit when it 's in a pocket however . Not a big deal , quick twist when extending solves the issue .
 It fits into your check book very nicely . You could even carry this in your change purse or wallet . Pen writes very nicely . It is quite durable meaning that it is not plasticized .
 This pen fits in your pocket without poking into your thigh . It telescopes easily and writes well . It can unscrew , but you can feel this happening when you write and twist it back . A deliberate , hard twist ends this problem . On the whole the best pen I 've ever had for carrying around .
 I was looking for a good , solid pen to keep in my pants pocket at work or when I run around on errands during weekends or evenings . This pen fits the bill quite nicely . I do wish they `` clicked '' into the small/short mode , so they could n't telescope ever so slightly when they jostle around in my pocket - which sometimes makes the pen tip come out a tad . But that is a small and infrequent problem . In general , after using these pens for a few months , I am very glad I found them . They write well , and fit my pocket perfectly .
 I love these pens to use with my Moleskine notebooks at work . Slides nicely over the spine and stays out of the way . However , I had one unscrew on me , and I could n't figure out how to put it back together !
 All good and as promised , but I wish I could have picked the barrel color of the pen . I knew it would be random , but still ... this is my wish .
 I was very pleased i got my item on time and exactly what i asked for .
 I am very happy with my item , the shipping was super quick , I literally received it the day after . Definitely happy with my new pen .
 The company was quick to respond and shipped very fast . I had the CORRECT product at my house two days later . I will definitely do business with this company in the future .
 I 've been carrying this pen around since 2005 , and I have to say that it is now indispensable for me to function . I would sooner go out without my deodorant and my underwear . Loss of it results in irritability , depression , and a severe drain in creativity.Having this pen plus a Moleskine Cahier notebook in your pocket at all times WILL result in a 300 % increase in retention and awesomeness .
 This is an excellent idea for those of us who do n't always wear a shirt with a pocket . This telescopic beauty goes almost anywhere
