 I bought this after reading the review by the woman in her 30 's saying it did n't dry out her skin ect . For me , this product was useless in clearing up acne . I broke out the entire time I used it . The cleanser & astringent are n't enough . I used them up over a month ago & have maybe a 1/4 of the cream left . The only good thing it seemed to do was help to exfoliate my skin keeping away the dry winter flakes that are included with my acne . Crazy , but that 's me . Salicylic Acid is n't rated as being too safe if you are pregnate or want to have kids ... hardly Organic !! I did n't know this until after I was using it . I will finish it up so it does n't go to waste but will not purchase in the future .
 I used this product for a few weeks until one night when my skin had a very strong reaction . My face turned red as if I had been out in the sun all day and got burned like a lobster . The experience scared me out of ever using this product again . I guess Salacylic Acid can be harsh on some skin types , but this was worse than anything I 've ever experienced . Even my Mom was scared when she saw my face and how red it was . She just kept saying over and over again `` that 's scary , '' as if on replay . I hope this review my save other people my same fate . Be careful when using this product , especially the Acne Lotion .
 I 'm prone to breakouts in the summer months so I gave this a try . My skin had the same reaction initially to it as when I used Retin-A in the past . It got a bit dry and itchy . But unlike with Retin-A , I did n't notice any clearing of the area from breakouts in the following days so I stopped using it . Ca n't say it was effective enough to want to try again at this point .
 I had such high hopes for this product ! Bottom line was that it just did not work for me . It seemed to be working a little in the beginning , but I am down to the last bit of the cleanser and I am still breaking out . I 'm giving it two stars instead of one because there IS a lot that I love about it . One , the ingredients are amazing . As far as I can tell , there is really nothing toxic in any of this stuff . I 'm not an expert and I did n't research every little thing on the ingredient list , but there is some really good , natural stuff in here . Two , my skin felt very clean after use . The cleanser lathers really well , you hardly need more than a dime sized drop and the toner and moisturizer felt really refreshing as well . Three , to me it smells really good . I know a few people had complaints about the smell , but to me it was a natural , clean fragrance . There is n't much I do n't like about this product besides the fact that it just did n't clear up my skin . Also , the moisturizer was a tad on the oily side ... sometimes after applying it my face looked kind of shiny and felt a little greasy ... maybe I was just using a little too much . I also think the reason it did n't really work that well for me was because everything ran out at different times . The toner was the first to go ... I used that up within about 3 weeks or so . Then the moisturizer and like I said , I 've only got a bit of the cleanser left ... which I am still using , because it does make my skin feel clean and fresh . I was going to give this a second go around , but ultimately decided not to , even though it is priced really well here on Amazon . All I know is that I am definitely NOT going back to ProActiv .
 I would not feel good about recommending this product to any of my friends at this time . I know the product says it may take up to 6 weeks to work but ... I have been using it for 5 and a half weeks and my skin is broken out worse than ever . It started breaking out the first day I used the product , and in places I do n't usually break out -LRB- jawline , cheeks -RRB- . I resolved to give it the full 6 weeks , but have not seen any improvement ! Also , the toner runs out after about 5 weeks but there is still plenty of cleanser and lotion . Unless there is significant improvement in the next few days , I will not buy this product again .
 Nature 's Gate Acne Treatment System is proof that natural and organic mean nothing in the world of allergic reactions and overly-harsh cleansers . Within the first week of using this product my entire face broke out in a rash that looked like tiny little red dots all over my skin -LRB- similar looking to a heat rash -RRB- . Additionally , my skin itched like crazy!I was obviously having a negative reaction to some ingredient in the product - however , I was not sure which . I know I 'm not allergic to salicylic acid because I have used products with it before and did not develop the same rash.In an effort to find a potential cause , I contacted Nature 's Gate asking if they had had any other customers write about experiencing the same reaction and/or what the possible cause might be -LRB- a company SHOULD know this before selling its product -RRB- . Guess what they said ... That 's right , NOTHING . I never heard back from the company , even after repeated attempts to get in contact with them . I did n't want to give up so easily on the product as I choose to support natural , non-animal tested brands - but their lack of care for their own customers and non-existent customer service coupled with the fact that their product provided me with a nice , itchy red rash , has motivated me to give this product and company a negative review . If I could give zero stars , I would . I have never had such a poor experience before with a skin care system or company . Buyer beware !
 I bought this product after I had my second baby because my acne was really severe . It help to decrease some of the acne , but it did n't clear it up completely . So after doing some research I decided to purchase the benoxyl peroxide soap . The benoxyl peroxide soap work great to clear up my skin . It drys the skin out , so I decided to give the nature 's gate acne treatment another try , since my acne was n't as severe . It same to keep things under control for about 2 weeks , then the acne slowly return . I should mention that instead of using the toner I used apple cider vinegar , which has always worked great for me . Instead of using the creme I used shea butter and coconut oil on my face , which keeps my face moisturized.So this product did n't work great for me when I tried it the first time following the instructions , and it did n't work the second time even after I added other products that work.If you want to see my full review visit my blog -LSB- ... -RSB- I will have to do some research to find a soap that is just as good as benoxyl peroixide soap that I 'm using but is not as harsh to the skin . The best and natural way to fight acne , is to go on a yeast restricted diet , after going on this diet for the first time , my skin was completely cleared within a month . I used lemon to clear up the scaring . I 'm not able to keep up with the yeast restricted diet for very long because it causes you to loose weight and I 'm already small.Natural Joyanne
 Well , I used the product with high hopes , following the steps as directed , and the first couple of times , my face felt pretty good . Steps one and two made my face feel ultra-clean -- dry really -- and the moisturizer made it feel good . Soon , however , my skin started to burn , itch and hurt and it had the texture of sandpaper . Ouch ! Too bad it did n't work for me . I 'll hand it down to my son , maybe he can get some use out of it . But I am skeptical , because I do n't think he would have the patience and diligence to follow the steps and do the whole program , as it is meant to be used . If you are reading these reviews and considering buying this product , I am sure that you are motivated to give it a fair try . That 's the only way you can know .
 Anyone fighting acne like I have for the past 2 years , theres a procedure called Levulan . It 's worth it . It 's like a peel , but not as harsh or drastic . My skin has cleared 98 % after 1 treatment . I only purchase organic/animal cruelty free products and while natures gate is a great product , I did n't really care for all the steps to cleaning my skin .
 My thirteen-year-old daughter tried this product for her run-of-the-mill acne . After four days , she developed a rash and had to stop using it . I do n't know what triggered her sensitivity .
 I always expect great -LRB- or at least somewhat noticeable -RRB- results with skin care regimens ... so that 's what I was expecting with Nature 's Gate . Unfortunately , I did n't get the results I was hoping for.Honestly , I did n't see much change at all -LRB- except for a dried out face -RRB- . Granted , I did n't use the product for the entire month -- but I figure if I did n't see any noticeable results after two weeks , I probably was n't going to see any after a month .
 I 've tried a lot of products over the years . Even though I do n't have sensitive skin I bought this product because of it 's all natural/organic image . I have a few blemishes on my face but I 've never been happy with the appearance of my skin . I was hoping this product would clear my acne , smooth out my skin and give it a more even tone/feel . I used this product for about 4 days following the directions religiously . After the fourth day my skin became irritated and my face and neck broke out into a red , bumpy , itchy rash that looks and feels like sandpaper . I immediately discontinued use and it has been almost a week and the rash has not cleared up ! I 've read some reviews where the rash can last up to two/three weeks ! not fun ! I was highly disappointed in this product and I 've tried a lot of different products but none of them have caused me break out in a rash like this one .
 Our nephew has cystic acne and we got this product for him . It did n't help much -LRB- a little but barely noticeable * -RRB- , but then really , the only thing that seems to help his acne is antibiotics . So , it might not be a fair evaluation of the product . If you have just regular acne , this might be great . It just did n't help his much . * On the `` barely noticeable '' , it might have cleared up the parts of his skin that have regular acne but it did n't touch the boil-like cysts .
 Organic does not equal safe for sensitive or allergic skin . I knew that before trying this product , but thought it looked safe to try despite the `` drying '' effects noted in the literature.After the first application , the skin on one cheek became inflamed and a breakout actually worsened . The rest of the face became extremely dry and uncomfortable.This may be a good product for oily skin , but it is definitely too strong for sensitive skin .
 `` Natural '' does not equal healthy or good for every person because each person is different . This three step program from Nature 's Gate is a great example of this fact . The program is for 6 weeks but after 4 weeks I 've learned enough . Note
 For people with sensitive skin , this might not be the best product . It is similar to Proactive in price and in application but after using this product for two weeks what looked and felt like a chemical burn appeared all over teenager 's face . In addition , it did n't appear to clear up any blemishes.I do n't recommend this product there are more gentle products for controlling acne on the market .
 Well , I tried to give this product the full 6 weeks , but decided to abort the operation a bit early . I 'm in my 40s , have had acne to some degree since I was 9 and have tried everything , including prescription meds . My acne is n't severe , just persistent . This product feels nice , although the toner burns a bit , and does n't leave my face dry and flaky . The smell is odd , but not unpleasant . The drawback is that now I 'm getting blemishes in places where I really never got them before ! I 've been using this for several weeks , long enough for whatever might be `` lurking '' under my skin to have arrived and disappeared , but am still getting at least as many blemishes as before starting this program . Back to the benzoyl peroxide !
 I have adult acne , and broke out worse than a teen after a month of using this . I really wanted it to work , but benzoyl peroxide and salicylic acid works better than this with my positive attitude .
 I got this product for my daughter who is one of those Proactive got ta have types . I figured this product being organic would be good for her . WRONG . according to her , her skin felt greasy when she got to the last step . She claimed the smell was good , but she did n't get a clean tingly feeling once she finished , so according to her , the system was a zilch . that is it . not recommended by me at all .
 I have two grandnieces with problem skin . The oldest used it for one day and stopped because it irritated her skin so badly , almost like she was sunburned . The other grandniece used it for four days , saw an improvement of a breakout on her forehead , but her skin became so irritated she had to stop . She too looked like she had a sunburn . This product works , but it is also very harsh . From what I have read of other reviews it seems fair , easily sunburned skin ca n't tolerate this treatment . And both my girls are very fair and have to slather on the sunscreen when they spend any time in the sun . Too bad , the girls and I had high hopes for this as a less expensive alternative to Proactive .
 I have been using Proactive for years but decided to try something new . The second day I used this product my face began to breakout more ! I would not recommend this product .
 This did n't work for me . I barely have any acne , but I thought I 'd try this and see if it improved things . I used it for a few weeks and I think it made it worse . I think it was starting to make me get a rash so I quit using it.But - Nature 's Gate makes great products , I use a lot of their other stuff . It did n't work for me , but maybe I have some kind of an allergy or something .
 I 'm very into natural products so I did not want to try straight-out Benzoyl peroxide or say 3 % straight Salicylic Acid for my adult acne . I was pleased to see Nature 's Gate offered a natural alternative . I used the wash , toner & lotion just ONCE/day for a week . I do have sensitive skin , but think most people w / acne do . Anyway , all 6-7 evenings I tried it , my skin immediately flared up into a slight burning feel & a red appearance just minutes after application . I think a combo of the salicylic acid , the oligopeptide-10 and the tea tree oil -LRB- combined w / many other listed products , some totally natural , some totally not -RRB- , was far too much for my skin to handle . My fave brand for natural skin care is Aubrey Organics . I just learned they now make a Sensitive Skin wash , toner & lotion , so I 'm off to try that next . I quit the Nature 's Gate and wo n't try it again . Good luck !
 I had a bit of an itch after using this product ; kind of worries me because the scents might have been chemically made .
 This product is pictured as white . I received blue and have had no success communicating with the seller , so far.If you do n't mind receiving an arbitrary color , then this is a good , cheap swim cap , but there are plenty of other options that probably will arrive as expected .
 I used this for 6 months before writing this review . I did not care for the shampoo it seem to dry my hair out and I saw NO extra growth . Was dull looking with the added conditioner ... threw what was left over away .
 The first time I used the shampoo and conditioner was when I was rinsing out my hair after dying it and I had never seen my hair look so good - lovely , full and curly . I liked the products a few more times , but never had results as the first time . After a couple of weeks , though , I found my hair extremely dry and have discontinued using this line .
 I have used this dryer for about 1.5 yrs now . After purchasing it new at Sears ... I noticed it was the heaviest dryer I 've ever used ! I figured I could use the upper arm workout though , and continued to use it . It has a fairly good flow of air which my hair needs to dry.TODAY ... I used it as normal-and then suddenly
 I purchased this hair dryer over numerous other models since it appeared to be better quality than several other brands . Unfortunately , after 2 months of light use -LRB- every other day for a few minutes -RRB- , the hair dryer began to fail . It certainly does boast a nice feature list , is fairly quiet compared to other full-size models , and the design is nice in your hand . But , I can not recommend the dryer based on it 's poor quality .
 I am so freaked out by this blow dryer . I have had this I 'll say less than 3 years I bought it from a retail store in town . I have had no trouble with the blowdryer and it did a good job of over all drying and spot drying with a brush to give me a flip . Today when I was drying I heard a loud crack and saw a flash and smelled like an electrical burning smell . I immediately dropped the dryer to see that the cord had dislocated from the dryer it 's self !!!!!! I am not buying anymore Remington products . You 've been warned !!!
 I 've had this hair dryer for 2 years and for the past year it squeals with a loud high pitch unexpectedly -LRB- really wakes a person up -RRB- and you have to immediately turn it off . Then it 's ok for awhile , then it squeals * loudly * again . It 's related somewhat to the position or orientation of the hair dryer and cold start temperature . After a year I 've noticed that it squeals whenever the room temperature is below about 71 deg . F , say , in the wintertime . But now it basically squeals all the time until the unit is warmed up . Other people have stated this problem , you can search this online using this product name , model . It should have been a factory recall . It 's most likely due to poor motor bearing specifications . I recently bought a new hair dryer , a different brand , to replace this Remington SuperSonic dryer . I am a engineering professional degreed in several areas .
 After one year of light use this hairdryer literally went up in smoke today . It started to make more noise than normal and a few seconds later smoke was pouring out of it . Beyond the fireworks , this unit was bigger and noisier than I expected . It was serviceable , but the build quality was suspect .
 I am returning this iron . It gets so hot sometimes that the piece you press down to open it is too hot to touch . The temperature control and on/off buttons are placed in an odd place , causing you to often turn it off or decrease the temp when doing your hair.Finally , it just did n't curl my hair the way i needed it to .
 It didnt work as good as the teflon curling iron i had a couple years ago , it works just as good as a regular non-teflon curling iron .
 This foundation does n't work for me , I must be sensitive to the ingredients . I used it twice , the first time I noticed a little burning on my face and the back of my hand where I apply it from . The second time my face was burning , red , swollen and blotchy and my hand was blistering . If you have sensitive skin stay away from this!As a foundation it 's rather light and provides light coverage , it 's not really buildable at all because it gets cakey.I 've used a lot of neutrogena products but this one is a very big miss !
 I 've used this product for several years and liked that it went on shear and looked natural . However , I was dissapointed to learn that it contains parabens , which are linked to cancer . Now I am going to have to toss it out , and find a different brand that does not contain parabens .
 I purchased this product because of the reviews however I was very disappointed . I used the light to neutral and it went on very chalky , not natural . It settled into the fine lines of my skin and did not retain any moisture but became dried out . I have normal skin , it is not excessively dry or oily . I 'm 42 , however I look about 32 , this product did nothing for me . It did not make my skin look better but worse over time . The coverage was good initially but because I had to keep applying moisturizer the coverage was wiped clean . A tinted moisturizer should moisturize your face , that is one of it 's main functions . Estee Lauder Day Wear is a superior product , giving a natural glow as well as sufficient moisture . It does n't offer as much coverage but this coverage is no good if you have to keep applying moisturizer . It defeats the purpose . This will be going straight into the trash .
 It 's sleek and looks very nice but the box smells like melted plastic and it DOES N'T cut ! If you have thick hair ... look elsewhere .
 I have been cutting hair with clippers for close to 15 years now . After my last Wahl finally gave up the ghost , I thought to try these clippers.Nice appearance , description and at the time , nice price ... so I thought , `` Why not `` My previous Wahl was n't a cordless and I thought a cordless would make for a nice change.What a disappointment , right from the begining . These clippers are not heavy duty at all . Do n't let that `` chrome '' finish fool you . It 's light weight plastic.In trying to cut my husband 's slightly grown out military cut , it began to bog down but we managed to get through it-SLOWLY . In trying to use the cordless feature , found that they were even more gutless.After about 6 months and 6 cuts , the clippers began to `` snag '' and would stop cutting . I would have to go back to the starting point and make another `` run '' for it.Finally , after what took twice the time than it should-I completed his simple cut.After giving my baby his first hair cut -LRB- for which he has baby-fine hair -RRB- and having the same experience with his hair as I had with my husband 's hair ... I decided that these are best suited in the trash bin.They are n't worth my time and they certainly are n't worth putting my family through the misery.After I finish this review , I will be placing a new order for a Wahl set.Good luck to you and yours . * Update * 01/23/06I have since purchased and used the Wahl Super Taper II clippers and to date , these have been my absalute favorite ! A sweet set of clippers . We are all very happy . Shop around and you may just find a good deal on these Wahls .
 Pros : ... always oiled blades , so you never have to grease them ... very nice cutting for the first couple of haircuts ... can be cordless I guess ... good price ... Cons : ... after the first couple of cuts , when finished cutting hair there are ALWAYS some that do n't get cut - blades do n't seem sharp enough to cut all my hair ... I have thick hair , so it gets jammed up sometimes on my head and hurts like a SOB ... cordless option is useless , as there is not enough power to cut anything ... takes a long time to recharge the batteries , not that it matters since for any haircut , it 's better to plug it in ... only a 30 day money back guarantee , so by the time you realize its a piece of junk , its already too late ...
 That was the scream of my husband when getting his hair cut by this new set of clippers . Our old one finally died after 5 years -LRB- a different brand -RRB- so I tried to research some clippers . I saw Remington seemed to have only a slightly higher rating than others so I thought we 'd go for that one.The only pro ? It 's whisper quiet , he did n't even know it was on ... until wads of his hair were getting ripped from his scalp . He likes his hair short -LRB- less than 1/2 '' -RRB- and we had to whittle using the 1/2 '' attachment which made him wince and then again with the 3/8 '' and 1/4 '' attachments to get it even all over . I was literally sweating I was so nervous cutting his hair because he was obviously in pain . This is going back PRONTO and I 'm sure I 'll be reviewing another brand ... hopefully a positive one !
 Please do n't waste your money ! People who gave good reviews did n't use the clippers long . I would have given a good review at first . After 10 to 15 cuts they gave up completely . It was downhill from about 10 . The battery started not lasting through a cut and I do n't have much hair . Yesterday they quit cutting at all just pulling and pinching hair . I took the blade apart and cleaned but it did n't help much . Do n't Buy !
 I wonder how many of these positive reviews were written by folks soon after using this thing for the first time . Most , I 'd wager . Problem is , the blades on this clipper must be made out of the same steel that soup cans are made of , that is to say they go dull VERY fast . Either that or I have hair made out of Kevlar . Half way through my second buzz-job the clippers became useless , leaving me to make an embarrassing foray to the local Lemon Tree to put the tattered remains of my hair out of it 's misery.I would have laughed my a $ $ off if it had happened to some other jerk ...
 When used with anything but the one inch attachment it badly pulls hair . Even the scissors and trimmer are dull .
 Over the course of the past 15 years I 've owned several different buzzers . As with many products on the market , the manufacturing quality seems to have gone downhill over the years . To be fair , the prices have stayed about the same over the years , which , when inflation is taken into consideration , means the price in real dollars has fallen . In other words , I paid about $ 20 for my first buzzer 15 years ago , and I paid a little over $ 20 for this one . Compared to a commodity like gasoline , which was under $ 1/gal . 15 years ago , or a can of soda , which was $ 0.25 15 years ago , it 's amazing that a buzzer does n't cost $ 50 - $ 75 today.Well , some buzzers do cost $ 50 - $ 75 today , and I think I 'll invest in one next time . This buzzer , priced at $ 25 , has many attractive features
 Despite the great price , the Remington hair cutter does n't actually cut hair . The first time we used it , it was fabulous . But now , it pulls the hair rather than cutting it .
 -LSB- ... -RSB- Do n't get me wrong , the box is nice and the items included are very cool ... but after two or three uses , mine did n't even cut anymore . I ended up throwing it away.Stay away from this one .
 Got these at a reasonable price-they worked ok for a few months and got dull real quick . Tried to find replacement blade-no luck . I guess I 'll get a more expensive haircut machine-it is not worth another chance .
 Apologies in advance for not being able to write out a long review for this item.Anyways . I purchased these clippers a little under a year ago and for whatever reason they are unable to shave properly anymore . I 'll admit I have n't gone out of my way to maintain them -LRB- just the standard cleaning after use and oiling on occasion -RRB- however they just wo n't cut my hair anymore . I have no idea the reason this could be because the first 3 or 4 times I used them they cut my hair perfectly fine . They wo n't even shave without the guard attachments in place . More or less it traps small portions of my hair and feels as though it 's ripping them out my head now . Quite terrible.I figure the blades must have dulled somehow or the internal battery is n't supplying enough energy to move the clippers . Anyhow I 've taken it all apart and made sure everything was clean and free of any obstructions . They just do n't cut anymore . I 've probably used these 4-5 times total so I guess I saved some money on getting haircuts but I would have expected these to last longer.As for the mechanical quality of these clippers . They really are quite poorly built . The weight is very low and I believe the shell is made of chromed plastic . I was never able to use the clippers properly without the charge cable attached because it would not supply enough power no matter how long they 'd been left to charge.Have to say I also own a remington electric shaver for facial hair and it 's faired quite a bit better than these since I 've owned it close to two years and use it on a daily basis . The electric beard trimmer attachment however no longer cuts properly and I think it uses the same sort of metal or mechanics as these clippers . I have to replace both now . After my experience with these clippers I do n't think I 'll purchase another Remington product in the future .
 WE HAVE BEEN USING THIS CLIPPER FOR MY SONS AND MY HAIRCUTS FOR A LITTLE OVER A YEAR . THE TITANIUM BLADES ARE IN NEED OF SHARPENING WHICH WILL PROBABLY COST MORE THAN THE REPLACEMENT OF THE CLIPPER . WITHIN ABOUT 3 MONTHS TWO OF THE HAIR GUIDES RECEIVED BROKEN TEETH DUE TO THE FACT THAT THEY MUST BE CRAMMED INTO THE STORAGE BOX BEFORE SHUTTING IT . ONE OF THE GUIDES WAS OUR MAIN USE GUIDE . I TRIED CONTACTING REMINGTON AND A FEW PARTS DEALERS . REMINGTON NEVER RESPONDED , THE PARTS DEALERS TOLD ME THEY ARE NOT REPLACEABLE . SO WE HAVE BEEN STRUGGLING TO GIVE HAIRCUTS USING THE OTHER GUIDES SINCE THEN . BASCIALLY I LIKE THE CLIPPER . IT IS LIGHTWEIGHT AND EASY TO USE . BECAUSE OF THE LACK OF CUSTOMER SUPPORT FROM REMINGTON I WILL NEVER PURCHASE ONE OF THEIR PRODUCTS IN THE FUTURE . WE WILL BE REPLACING THIS , NOW ALMOST USELESS , CLIPPER SOON . REMINGTON WILL NOT GET OUR REPEAT BUSINESS !
 Overall it 's a good product . But one bad thing spoils whole fun - It 's adaptor stopped working after 2 days . Battery did n't last too long.Otherwise blades/combs/quality of material is more than expected.worth a try if you have separate adaptor to wrk with .
 It worked relatively well on my 20 month son 's soft hair , but it was terrible on my mom 's thick hair , which was the 4th hair cut I made with the Remington . We had to go over and over the same spots , and I had to hold her short hair with my other hand to be able to trim it . I also had to clean it at least 5 times until I finished her haircut . The other trimmer we had worked for almost 7 years . I gave 2 stars because it 's quiet and it looks nice .
 I recently purchased this item expecting it to be a great product because of the remington name ... Boy was I surprised ... After charging the trimmer for 20 hours -LRB- Suggested is 14 -RRB- the battery only lasted for 20 minutes !!! I was still cutting my hair when the thing died ... If I wanted to have it plugged in to cut my hair I would not have bought a cordless trimmer ... So unless you can cut hair at warp speed I would suggest looking elsewhere for a set of clippers .
 I just received this clipper . It may work for fine hair , but I tried trimming my beard and these pulled hairs . They just ca n't handle facial hair.The other reason I am trashing these is the terrible battery life . I charged it for 24 hours and they gave me maybe 15 minutes of run time before I could hear them start to sound like the battery was running out and they were then dead 5 minutes later.I feel I wasted my money
 This is my first ever post to amazon . So , believe me when I say this item is worthless . I started looking for a new set of clippers when my old set of conairs became dull . I read both good and bad reviews and reluctantly decided to take a chance . After charging the clippers for the recommended time , my wife tried cutting my hair . After just two passes w/o the cord and two passes w / the cord , we quickly switched to my old set of `` dull '' clippers.Please , save your money and choose another set .
 Remington used to make decent trimmers but now the cutters are so cheap that they 're more likely to yank your hair out than trim it . Their customer service is horrendous . Never again .
 The attachments have this tiny , thin , plastic tab that is suppose to hold them on to the cutter . Try putting on an attachment a couple of times , and they all break off , rendering the attachment -LRB- and the entire kit -RRB- useless . Save your money and avoid like the plague .
 Do NOT waste your money on the Remington HC-920 ! I 've had mine for a little over a year and started having problems after only about 15 haircuts . First , the battery stopped holding a decent charge long enough to cut hair for more than 5 minutes and got progressively worse as time went on . Then it only worked when I plugged it in because the supposedly rechargeable battery was shot . Now it only works intermittently , oscillating between a high-pitched `` buzzing '' sound and a low-speed/low-pitched `` whirring '' sound , even when it 's plugged in ! Somehow the defective battery is affecting the electric motor of these clippers so that it no longer effectively cuts hair in either mode -LRB- plugged-in or unplugged -RRB- . PLEASE DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS BRAND OR THIS MODEL OF CLIPPERS . I 'm sticking with Wahl or Oster from now on .
 I bought this product for the same reason as others - light , cordless , positive reviews and Remingtons reputation . I used it 8 to 10 times before it stopped working . In all fairness I was initially pleased with the cutter the breif time it worked.The unit will not recharge and the only solution according to Remington 's parent company is that I ship it to them at my expense . There 's no guarantee that the repaired unit will work or a new unit will work . The risk and expense is all assumed by the customer . Clearly the manufacturer does not believe in their own product or express any desire to develop a reputation or goodwill with a customer.My previous cutter from Wahl lasted 10 years and is still working . I just liked the idea of upgrading to a modern cordless unit . I 'm still hoping Remington will reconsider but at this point it looks like Remington just lost another customer . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Do n't buy this clipper.As many pointed out , it will stop cutting after a couple of occasions.I used it mainly to trim by beard , every two weeks on average , plus cut my hair maximum ten times , all this over a period of 2 years - and it simply does not cut anymore.Just do n't buy it , it 's not worth any money since it will be money thrown away pretty soon .
 The clipper is cheaply made.The battery capacity is low - after fewer than 10 recharge cycles , the battery ca n't last through a simple hair cut for a kid . During each of the recharge cycles , I fully drained the battery and charged it over night , to minimize memory effect.The accessory combs are easily broken . The combs are made from plastic , not nylon . The plastic is brittle . The part that holds the comb to the clipper was poorly designed , looked weak , and was weak . My 1/8 '' comb broke after about 20 uses . Since it 's the only one I use , I have to go find a replacement.The replacement comb costs only $ 5.99 , but is hard to find . It 's out-of-stock at the Remington store . Now I have to replace the entire kit because of a single cheap part.Piece of junk .
 I was actually very happy when I used it the first time , cause the blades are sharp and it only takes like 10 mins to cut my hair . However , the 2nd time I used it , the cutter stop cutting hair half way . I was such a disaster I have to go to a local shop to finish my misery ... . To be honest I 'm a chinese guy but damn I hate the product that says Made in China cause their quality suck for most of them !
 i used it for 1 month ... and all of a sudden it stopped chargingi dont know what is the problem . . is it the charger ? is the hairclipper . . i dont understand
 IT LOOKS REALLY GOOD THE PRICE IS REALLY GOOD ... BUT IT WONT WORK AT ALL !!!!!! I COULD NOT EVEN USE IT ONCE A COMPLETE WASTE OF MONEY !!!!!!!! IF I WOULD HAVE LEFT FEEDBACK JUST ON LOOKS I WOULD GIVE IT 5 STARS BUT LOOKS DONT CUT HAIR .
 I bought this product for my boyfriend who has been shaving his head for eight years . He likes the buzz-cut look , so he shaves using no attachments . This product would n't even cut his hair the first time he tried to use it where as his old Conair one was still going strong . To make matters worse , it cost me almost ten dollars to ship it back to Amazon because it 's so heavy . A Christmas gift disappointment and overall pain in the ...
 I just received these today and tried them out - with the cord plugged in since I did n't want to wait to charge them - and they were terrible . The advertised `` smoother cut , less pulling '' is a lie . From the beginning they could only cut a little hair at a time , less than half as much as the pair of clippers I used to use . After only a few passes they jammed up and would n't cut any more hair , only pull it out and mangle it . Does n't work at all , do n't waste your money on this .
 I took a chance and plunged ahead , only $ 30 . 6 mos later I had the bad experience posted by many others here . It still buzzes just fine , only it pulls , hurts , tugs , but stopped cutting after 6 mos and maybe 10 uses . Like the idea of home cuts and now shopping again cause this one 's just no good.Oh , and product support , customer service ; fughedaboutit ... non existent ; voicemail circular menu to nowhere and email web comments -- no replies .
 I bought this stuff and I was sooo happy with it , the first two or 3 times it worked great . I went on vacation came back a month later -LRB- so 4 months since I bought it -RRB- and when I tried to use it , it would not cut at all . I checked it and tried tightening the bolts that hold the blade and it worked for a while and then it did n't work at all . Tried tightening the bolts again and the thread just gave in , I had to put some new screws to get it tight again . It never cut hair well anymore . Waste of money .
 I have very very mixed feelings about these clippers . On the one hand , the clippers themselves are excellent . The blades are sharp and cut quickly and without pulling . I 've had these clippers for six months or so now , and they have n't dulled . Unlike other clippers , the blades do n't need oiling , which makes them easy to clean . The battery in the unit holds a charge seemingly forever . They feel good in the hand and well weighted and the blade adjustment is well made.But then there are the combs . I use these clippers every other week to cut my husband 's hair with the 1/4 '' comb attachment . Or I did , for the first five months , after which the 1/4 '' attachment broke . Looking at the other combs , they are very flimisily made and have very weak tabs holding them on.I found you can buy new combs for the unit -- but only as full sets , and for $ 6 plus $ 7 shipping . Ouch . I sent email to remington 's customer service complaining about this , and heard nothing back.I am significantly less happy with these clippers minus the one comb that I need , and very reluctant to throw more money at the same very poorly made comb attachments . I had oster clippers before this and although it needed more regular maintnance at least I could buy the combs . I 'm seriously considering going back to an oster .
 I bought this product , dreaming of the freedom of cordless hair cutting , cut my hair once and the next time it was too dull to cut . I contacted Remington for warranty service and they made me send it in to get a new one . That one went dull after 5 haircuts . Better , but really wasteful . I ca n't figure out where to get replacement blades , but I ca n't see how it 's worth it as they will probably be of similar quality.I do n't have wiry hair ; I have fine hair -LRB- and not much of it -RRB- . This is just a failed product . On the plus side the motor and battery seem to be pretty good , but that does n't do you any good unless you just like to listen to the sound of a clipper running.Don ' t waste time and money with this item - go with Wahl or maybe Oster -LRB- I had an acceptable Oster that lasted about 4-5 years -RRB- .
 Afraid that the callus remover did n't do anything for me . Perhaps it only works with small callus 's .
 This tool looks quite different from what estheticians have used during my facials in the past . This thing has n't worked for me once . It now sits unused in my drawer .
 I have found this item to be totally unacceptable . It promised to allow me to get rid of blackheads on my face and it has n't worked at all . What a waste my purchase was .
 Nothing special about it . It doesnt do anything different ... waste of money seriouslt :--LRB- please dont waste ur money ont hg e foolishness
 it is just smelly soap nothing special do not buy it was not worth it so lame i dont like it at all useless
 Good is not benefited them in the futureGood is not benefited them in the futureGood is not benefited them in the future
 I have psoriasis on parts of my body that never go away . I saw this soap had mostly all good reviews so I bought it . Well , it did n't work for me . I was only just a little less itchy but for that price I wo n't be getting it again , I will have to look for something else . It did however make my skin feel very clean after I used it . It seems like it worked for alot of people , but for someone with bad psoriasis , it does n't seem that it will work .
 So I recived this soap used it on my face and it feels great . The problem I 'm having is that I used it on my body for the next couple days and have noticed Red spots on my legs and arms dunno if its from the soap or somthing else will update after more useAlso I use Dove Senstive skin and honestly It think that this soap dries out my skin on my body compared to the dove . * 5/1/12My whole back , arms , upper legs have broken out in small red acne like sores = / wish I could get a refund .
 I had high hopes for this soap so I could move away from using Proactiv . Instead my skin got worse and was often very dry and flakey .
 I tried this because of the good reviews , but unfortunately it did n't work for me . It felt good when I was soaping the affected areas , but there was no improvement . I think at this point my skin is too bad to be healed by anything short of perhaps biologicals , but I wo n't use them - too risky.Someone commented , requesting the number of times I used this product before throwing in the towel . I do n't know how many times I used it , but I used up the entire bar of soap - so many , many times . Every time I showered I used this soap til it was gone . Unfortunately , the usual remedies have n't worked this time - not sunshine , corticosteroid products , etc. . . Unfortunately we 're coming up on winter again , which is so harsh on skin anyway , but particularly those of us with skin ailments . Brrrrr ...
 I had hopes this product would clear my acne but the product did absolutely nothing . I am very disappointed : -LRB-
 Dry and not work . Do waste your money and it is not a cheap staff , i promise it is the last time i buy this soap .
 This soap did n't really do anything spectacular . It 's just like a normal bar of soap , except that it looks like the color of mud .
 This soap worked amazingly well . I was a skeptic at first because I did n't think anything would relieve my psoriasis and acne but I was surprisingly pleased when I saw the redness in my face dissipate after the first week . I became so addicted to using this soap that I gradually used it more and more . I wake up and wash my face , mid day wash , and again before I sleep . Your face will get dry as a result of overusage but for me that works in my favor because I tend to have acne due to an oily complexion.The soap lasted a remarkably long time even after its many uses . I actually went without the soap for about 2 weeks after it ran out and instantly my acne returned . The only bad thing I must comment on is that now I can never use another soap ! Since I 've stopped using it and noticed the oilyness and acne come back in full force , I 'm going to make sure and stock up on it . - This was rated 5 stars at the time of purchase in July 2010 . ****** UPDATE . This price is ridiculous ! I bought this for less than $ 8 and now one stinkin bar of soap is almost $ 30 ? HELL NO I will never buy it again for this price . Sorry Amazon but your loss . It 's cheaper to buy direct from Adovia !
 I 've tried everything when it comes to acne remedies . This is nothing special , I 've used it for 2 months now and notice absolutely no difference .
 Wow -- I read so many glowing reviews about this soap , I was absolutely excited when I added it to my shopping cart . I used it for 2 months , and not only did it not help with my acne or excema , it actually made these problems worse . My skin feels bumpy and dry all over now -- it 's like I 've taken 3 steps back in my fight against bad skin . I am sure a lot of variables go into how a certain soap will affect any one person ; this soap seems to work great for some , but it sure did n't work for me !
 At first my skin had a glow to it after using the soap . Then I began to notice that my pores were huge and I started to break out . It also left a film on my skin . I 'm going to stick to my traditional black soap , its much cheaper and much better .
 it makes my skin soft . but thats about it . it does nothing for my acne and may have even made it worse . :-LRB- disappointed bc i really wanted this to work and it does n't ! I have used it for about 3 weeks and my skin has only gotten worse . i 'm happy for those who got relief with this product but i did n't and neither did my boyfriend who suffers from psoriasis .
 I used this product for 1 month in hopes that is could treat my shoulder acne . Even with every day use , I noticed very little change in the amount of body acne I had . That said , I would not purchase this product as an acne treatment.However , the soap does make your skin feel very soft and smooth .
 I have been using this for about 2 months now and have not seen any improvements in my acne , but my face is very soft . I have hormonal cystic acne and clogged pores . It did n't work for me , so i would not buy this again .
 I have been using this soap for about four weeks and notice no difference in my skin , I still have problems with my break outs/acne . This is another product that did not live up to it 's claims .
 I have very oily skin & this soap dried me out so that I was flaking . I could n't get past that to see if it helped with my acne .
 I have psoriasis on my arms/face MG217 works alone , as for Adovia Natural Deep Sea Mud Soap , like another reviewer said `` It did n't do anything for me '' either , I even left this soap on my psoriasis for like 5-10 before washing off Neutrogena T-Gel is effective and so is a 2 % tar shampoo that 's sold called Nizoral .
 The product I like but the first time I bought it it was no more than $ 10 and now when I went to buy it again it 's almost $ 20 . Something is not right with that .
 Decided to use this product for about a week and a half before writing this review-I have a history of bad bacne and wanted to find a product I could use in the shower to help me remove or at least reduce it all . Since this product was reasonably-priced and claimed to be good against bacne , I decided to try it.It did very well to disappoint me.I used this soap with a wash cloth to ensure that I really got in there and opened up my pores to allow the soap to penetrate my skin . I also made sure to wait a minute or two before rinsing off . Did NOT make a dent in the bacne AT ALL.I have come to conclude that this is simply an ordinary bar of soap that smells like mud .
 Overall the soap is as advertised . It works okay , not a miracle cure though by any means.Here 's the important thing to note -- after I started using it , after I read the label , after I knew it said avoid eye area ... It still must have managed to seep in there despite my best efforts.I did not use it around my eye area . I never even felt it go near my eyes but it must have managed to sneak in.It gave me the absolute nastiest headaches , dry eyes , light sensitivity , etc. . . not like mildly annoying either -- like dehabilitating pain ! After about 10 days of misery it occured to me that the soap was the likely culprit . It was .
 I had horrible psoriasis all over my face and a lot on parts of my body . I had been buying the black soup dudu osun and using it on my face with Shea butter as a moisturizer and it was working nicely to help reduce redness and flakiness . I saw this soap and read the reviews and thought I would give it a shot thinking maybe it might work better then the other soap . NOPE ! It did n't do anything for me or my psoriasis . I just wanted to leave a review letting anyone who might be thinking about buying it for that reason . It did n't work for me , not saying it wont for you , just not me . I used it to wash my face with once to twice a day for a month -LRB- so it has a good thorough test -RRB- and no worky . .
 I had little problems on my face before using this soap , small breakout every now and then and a few red spots . -LRB- I 'm 23 , female -RRB- I just tried it because I was hoping to make my skincare routine simpler . I used it consistently for three weeks and from day one it made my skin much worse , with a lot of small breakouts , that did n't go away for three weeks , when I stopped using it . I have combination oily skin with tendency to get overly dry . It was fine on my hands , no different than regular soap , worse than Dove . -LRB- Dove is the only soap that keeps my hands soft -RRB- I later found out about the disadvantages of using any product in the form of soap on your face if you 're an acne sufferer , so I recommend you do some research about that if this did n't work for you .
 It did n't do as I had hoped for my face and all the irritations and whiteheads that have arisen since turning 40 . Still using it as a body soap and feeling as dry as ever .
 Do n't buy this expecting it to fix all your skin problems . I tried it out and it dried my skin horribly . Did n't help my skin at all .
 After reading all the rave reviews about this product for people with atopic eczema , I decided to try it . To my dismay , I was absolutely disappointed . It did absolutely nothing for me - as a matter of fact , it made my skin dry whenever I bathed with it and after that , nothing . I think that it even made my skin worse .
 I * finally * laid my hands on a sample vial of SMS after resisting a blind buy for the last few months . Boy am I glad I resisted . This floral is definitely not for me.On me , the opening is very synthetic . At first , the aldehydes reek havoc , then the jasmine gets cloying . A fruit-floral-woods progression is absent . I faintly smell a powdery wonderfulness and occasionally get visions of dancing daffodils , but it 's not enough for me to give SMS another chance , even if it smells great on paper.I just do n't have the chemistry required for Sophia Grojsman 's blends -LRB- the perfume 's designer -RRB- . If you 're like that too , you might just save yourself some trouble and cross SMS off your test list .
 Previously , I 've purchased other Special Effects hair dye and have been absolutely pleased . Cupcake pink did not live up to my expectations . This color is very pale on my naturally dirty-blonde -LRB- now bleached -RRB- hair . The color came out like a baby girl pink and quickly fades . Not much rinses out in the prelim rinse which gave me hope , and it did n't stain my skin as other colors have . Unfortunately , I find I have to redye it every week to hold any color.If you are looking for a vivid pink that lasts - use Atomic Pink . If you are using this on bleached hair , I recommend bleaching down to pure white otherwise any blonde or brassy undertones will take over . It was also not strong enough a color to go over my natural roots on the retouches .
 The color is way too light to show up on my eye lids and I 'm fair complected . The product itself is good since I did use the other color I ordered .
 The description says that this does not need sharpening , it does . This is not the twist eyeliner , it is a pencil . I used to order one that was a twist up but they no longer offer it . So instead I ordered this one and it is not the same thing
 The spray nozzle does not have a nice even spray to it , it comes out in a hard line spray . The hold is not very good either for my fine hair .
 I gave this hair spray away because it did n't provide a flexible hold . I had to wash it out to be able to comb through my hair .
 I received the hair spray in a timely manner . However , the spray pump does n't work . It does n't spray like hair spray , it just kind of spritzes and the spray just drips when you spray . I would n't buy it again , and would n't recommend it to anyone .
 I was suprised at how small the product was when I got it in the mail
 I bought this shampoo and the matching conditioner at a drug store when they were on sale . I have naturally brunette , stick straight , thick , non-color treated hair but the bottle boasted that it would be great for non-color treated hair and would help enhance the natural colors and highlights . My husband has longer hair for a male that has a slight natural curl to it and is also brown . I decided to give it a try.After the first few uses I did n't notice much change other than my blow drying time seemed to have increased . My husband has some natural dark reddish highlights from sun exposure that seemed to really sparkle and shine -LRB- lucky duck ! -RRB- , but that was all we noticed . After the first week , I started to notice that my hair felt more fragile than usual . I have long hair and typically `` shed '' the normal amount of hair during brushing and when wet , but this seemed like a larger than normal amount of hair I was loosing -LRB- the wads of hair I was pulling out of my hairbrush after styling my hair seemed bigger than usual , as well as the wet hair found in the drain after showering . -RRB- I did n't make the connection between the new shampoo and the shedding though until about 2 weeks later.After 1 particularly large hairball was plucked from the shower drain , I was concerned that at my current rate of shedding I would be bald within weeks . I asked my husband if he had noticed anything weird with the shampoo . He confessed that he had stopped using it a week earlier -LRB- thanks for the heads up ... -RRB- because the snarls were out of control when trying to comb his wet hair and he suspected the new shampoo was the culprit . Snarls were gone after discontinuing use . I shared the shedding concern , and like a lightbulb going off overhead he announced that he had noticed an increased amount of shed as well.I stopped using these products and went back to my regular , cheapo -LRB- in comparison -RRB- hair care routine and immediately noticed a difference . The shedding is down to a normal amount now and my hair is actually softer now . I did n't realize it before while using the product , but my hair was like straw while the roots seemed to hang onto grease longer.I would not recommend this to anyone .
 This product did nothing for the color of my very dark , curly hair but did turn it into a dry , frizzy mess . I used it three times and now I am going to toss the bottle into the trash .
 I recently bought this with the matching moisturizing conditioner . At first , I was really excited to be using it . However , I found that it takes quite a bit of the conditioner to get a good lather going and to evenly cover my hair.After I dried it with my towel , I noticed that my hair was n't very moist and it was left feeling very dry . It was even worse when I tried to comb it out . My comb would keep getting caught in my hair and would n't run smoothly through it . I think it might have to do with the fact that I have thick , long hair . I definitely do n't think that I 'll be buying these products again . I 'd prefer to use a shampoo and conditioner that 's made just for colored hair of any kind . I feel that , for a product that is supposed to be moisturizing , it does n't do the job . If you have thick hair like me , you might want to pass this up .
 I have long brown hair that is in healthy condition . I purchased this shampoo and the matching conditioner hoping it would make my color vibrant and extra shiny . Instead it made my hair very dry and frizzy ! My hair stylist even commented on how different the condition of my hair looked after using it . I was very disappointed with this and can not recommend it to anyone .
 I love Lancome products , but this happened to be one of the worst mascaras I have used . The box arrived opened and damaged . There were fingure prints on the mascara tube , like it had been handled or used already . The mascara itself is dried up and is useless . I have to apply many coats to even see a difference -LRB- and I have naturally long lashes -RRB- . My opinion , try another .
 International shipment.I bought six bottles and they were all a little open , and spilled for the whole box.the packages arrived without another packaging . dirty and without hygiene , disappointing
 I took this product for a few years , along with the pills . It received fairly good reviews compared to other hair treatment products so this is why I tried it . The truth is , it really does work differently on different people , but at its best , only works marginally well . I `` think '' I noticed at least a slowing of my hair loss , but there was definitely no regrowth , or a complete stop to the hair loss , which would have been fine with me . After a while of having greasy hair from the solution -LRB- my wife did n't even want to touch my head , with good reason , because she would get oily hands if she did -RRB- , and forking out $ $ every few months , I decided it was time to just let nature take its course . I visited a hair loss clinic where we discussed replacement -LRB- expensive -RRB- and laser light treatment -LRB- not convinced -RRB- . The truth is , you ca n't fight genetics . The clinic even agreed with me on that one . You will lose in the end , so might as well not waste money in the process . No I 'm not a quitter , just practical ;--RRB- Hair replacement treatment is the only sure way . As difficult as it is , accepting your hair loss is really the best option , or save up for that replacement . I have shaved my hair shorter , and have actually been amazed at how my hair really has n't fallen out much more than it had before I started taking Provillus . It does fall out gradually , and over time maybe you 'll enjoy your new look !
 As far as today -LRB- 30/4/2011 -RRB- , I have not yet received the merchandise bought from you on 28/3/2011 -LRB- Strivectin-SD three items -RRB- . Please review my order and inform me by mail.RegardsJaime Soto
 I bought this in like February or March because my -LSB- ... -RSB- Jilbere flat iron -LRB- which I pretty much loved -RRB- finally kicked the bucket - I NEVER cleaned the plates and kept dropping it from my 4 ft high dresser onto hard tile . Hey , in college , space is limited . Anyway . I bought this because it had superior reviews on -LSB- ... -RSB- and I thought that for -LSB- ... -RSB- a bargain compared to buying it in the salon -RRB- it would work perfectly . Simply put , it does n't . I never ever EVER use it on wet hair , but even on dry hair with heat protectant in it , it just seems to damage my hair . Granted , my hair is pretty thick and coarse , but my old iron could make it smooth . This ca n't . It just frizzes and cause all the little ends to stick out . What 's more , it does n't keep my hair straight . Within hours it starts to frizz and go back to being wavy . But I kept using it -LRB- though not very often -RRB- for a few months because I had no other options . By May my hair was totally dry and frizzy , with tons of split ends . I just stopped straightening and pulled it back . Very disappointed in this product - I 'm saving my money for a BaByliss or a Solia . Bypass this and go for a cheaper one , you 'll get better results for half the price .
 You buy this product thinking you are obtaining a quality product , for the price . Then 6 months later , it stops working . Very disappointing . I have bought several other irons , hoping to find one that will last . I decided to spend extra and overpay for this one hoping it would be better . It states that there is a 4 year warranty . No there is not . They clearly state that they will NOT warranty any product from Amazon . So this has no warranty . Then even if you bought this product elsewhere , their warranty terms are so restrictive , you have to fill out forms in a certain number of days , and also pay an expensive handling fee . Sorry . that 's useless . In th end , the unit simply stopped heating up , after only 6 months of use . And the manufacturer refused to stand behind their product . Just because I bought it at Amazon .
 Do NOT purchase a T3 hot iron or blow dryer . I have had two T3 hot irons within the past year and both have broken . I thought the first iron I purchased was simply defective until I spoke to my hairdresser and he mentioned he had similar problems with the T3 brand . I contacted the company and they told me that they would fix my hot iron for a mere $ 100 ... Gee , thanks . I do not plan on giving T3 anymore of my money and plan to purchase a CHI instead .
 I have extremely thick , wavy , long hair , and had lost the battle to the frizzies my entire life . The only thing that helped to any significant level was a thick , waxy pomade . Not acceptable . Finally I went to a local beauty supply store , asked them which flat iron was most popular , and got it for around $ 45 . Well , I was extremly happy -- finally I 'd won the war against frizzies ! -LRB- I should mention that my goal is not stick-straight hair . My # 1 goal is to smooth my hair . I can accomplish that in about 15 minutes , leaving it mostly straight and nice and smooth , but with a touch of wave left -- which I like anyway . -RRB- So then I started thinking -- if the rather cheap flat iron was that good , what would a top-of-the-line version be like ? I had a hard time deciding between the T3 and the Chi , but what finally made up my mind was the `` Wet to Dry '' flat iron . Imagine cutting out the blow drying step ! Imagine not having to pack my blow dryer when traveling ! Heaven . I had to have one , even if it did cost roughly 5 times the very good flat iron I 'd just bought.I eagerly awaited its arrival . Since my hair is quite coarse and is 2-3 times thicker than average , I set it on the highest temp and set to work on my towel-dried hair . Well , it did n't take long for my dreams of being blowdryer-free to be dashed . The T3 Wet-to-Dry was n't anywhere near as efficient as my blowdryer . I 'd be standing there for well over an hour drying my hair that way , when using a flat iron / blowdryer combo would take me about half that time . And it 's a lot less tedious to swish a blowdryer around than to meticulously flat iron each section of hair extremely slowly and several times . -LRB- I find that when I use my flat iron -- any flat iron -- it 's not necessary to brush my hair out straight while drying , as the flat iron alone gets my hair as smoooth and straight as I require . -RRB- Well , okay , I thought , maybe it would bring my hair to new levels of smoothness and glossiness . Did n't seem to do any better than the cheap one . Just to prove it to myself , I used the T3 on one side , and the $ 45 one on the other . Far from being biased against the T3 , at this point I * really * wanted to find justification for buying it , especially as it was non-returnable unless defective . Unfortunately for me , there was no noticeable difference . And the T3 also pulls my hair about 4 times more often than my other one . No matter how carefully I try to put the section of hair between the plates `` just so '' and not to be in a hurry , I broke at least 5 strands of hair every single time I used it . That can really add up over time , and does n't do much for the health or frizzy tendencies of my hair , either.I tried it several more times , using different techniques , but alas every single time my run-of-the-mill flat iron out-performed or at least equaled the T3 . Finally I came to terms that I had indeed wasted $ 200 on it , and gave it to my sister to try . She used it for a couple weeks and declared that she , too , preferred her old one.Other than not drying my hair worth a darn , and mercilessly pullling it every time I use it , the T3 did a fine job . But I sure could find a better use for the extra $ 150 a T3 costs.One last note -- a flat iron is very hot and will totally fry your hair . Make sure you apply some kind of leave-in conditioner or hair protector before using any flat iron .
 I returned this product . The amazon web was misleading . My intent was to order the hand and nail creme but when I clicked on a bigger size of the product , this body lotion was the option . This is not a larger size of the hand and nail lotion -LRB- which I wanted -RRB- . It was annoying and could have been cleared up with a little better care on the website .
 Lancome Definicils is a high qualitly product . I rated this just 2 stars b/c I think the seller must have had it for awhile b/c after a very short while it was dry and clumpy . This happens all to soon even when I buy it from the department store , but from this seller it happened even sooner . I will re-order it next time from Lancome on-line and pay the shipping .
 I thought I liked this eyeliner for the first couple weeks . I liked the small brush for getting the corners . I still went back to Dior mascara after using this . I highly recommend .
 Supposedly this is ` the best ' mascara . Upon taking the brush out for the first time , the formula was clinging to the brush in little clumps . I dipped again and applied to my lashes . I was horrified and thought to myself ' you 've got to be kidding me ' . With only a few gentle swipes , my lashes were sticking together and had that spidery , clumpy look . I washed it off and applied it again . Then again the next day . I took it into Sephora and talked with a Lancome rep about it , thinking I had gotten a bad batch or something . She explained how that is how its supposed to look - extremely fake and spidery ?? No thanks.The shade deep brown is very pretty and looked great on me . I am fair with blue eyes . Black mascaras stand out in an odd way most of the time , but this shade looked natural and flattering . The formula felt comfortable on my lashes - not sticky or stiff . It also did not irritate my eyes at all , and I did not notice any flaking . The sleek square tube is nice too . Maybe a fuller brush would benefit this product and be able to create more separation .
 I have used this mascara for 7 years . I used to wear contact lenses and I thought my dry eyes were caused by the lenses . Then one of my coworker introduced me L'oreal Mascara that costs $ 7.00 at the drug store . It was better than this . I noticed that my eyes were much less dry , too , but I did not connect two together . After LASIK surgery , it became clear that it was this mascara that dried out my eyes . I might not have gone for LASIK if I knew this mascara was to blame for my dry eyes . I wasted a lot of money due to this mascara directly and indirectly and will never buy again .
 I love Lancome Definicils mascara and have used it for years ! I was lazy and went online to buy it instead . It was the same price as I pay at the make up counter in the department stores so I went for it . But when it arrived , it was the WATERPROOF version of the product which is not what I ordered . No where in my order process online did it mention WATERPROOF . So the product was wrong . And it was a bit dry compared to the nice new and fresh ones I get at the local stores so I think it had been sitting on the shelf for a while . Anyway , I will not order this again online .
 Maybe the product varies tube by tube , but I usually buy cheap drug store mascara and tried this because of rave reviews everywhere . It 's awful for me . Wet clumpy blobs that are a big mess . Not sure if it 's just my tube , but I keep soldiering on with it since I paid so much . If I 'd bought it at a drug store price it would have been in the trash long ago .
 I was a huge fan of a mascara called Accentuous . Astonishingly , L'Oreal took this gem off the market several years ago . Since then , I have wandered from one brand to the next trying to find something , anything , even as remotely effective . When I read on a blog that this product was made by the same company and was , in fact , the same product in a different package , I quickly and eagerly made my purchase.It is not . sigh.Lancome DEFINICILS High Definition Black Mascara is just like any other mascara out there , but worse in that it is : - too expensive-too small a quantity-too ` quick drying ' . contents of the bottle dry out too quickly necessitating more frequent purchases of said product and moreover-difficult to apply without forming clumps because it dries too quickly on the lashes which makes it difficult to control its application.I gave it 2 stars b/c yes , it is a mascara and works like a mascara and yes , it is black .
 The mascara was very dry and I am sure old . I used to be a Lancome Business Manager and this product obviously has been sitting in their warehouse beyond its usable date . This is to no fault of Lancome , they have a fabulous mascara , undoubtedly due to the company that warehouses and resells the product .
 I bought this mascara after researching best mascaras online and reading the rave reviews this mascara receives . I often have problems with spider lashes when I use mascara -LRB- not clumps of mascara , but multiple lashes sticking together -RRB- , and I was hoping this mascara would correct that problem . After trying it , I do not understand why so many women swear by it . It stuck my lashes together and went on really heavy , even with only one coat . I thought maybe I was applying it wrong , so I researched the best ways to apply mascara . This led me to try vigorously scraping off the brush on the sides of the tube to get some of the extra mascara off . It still went on too thick and heavy on my lashes ! Then I tried putting some of the mascara on an eyelash comb and applying it that way . Using the eyelash comb instead of the brush to apply the mascara to my lashes helped , but when I apply other mascaras -LRB- such as Clinique High Impact Mascara in Black or Benefit Bad Gal in Plum -RRB- with the same technique I get better results than I do with the Lancome Definicils . I am going to use the Definicils anyway because it was expensive -LRB- $ 25 at the department store -RRB- but I will hate every minute of it ! The only plus of this mascara is that it does not flake or smear , even after long days . If you are stuck with a tube of Definicils you do n't like , try the eyelash comb technique . If you have n't bought this mascara before , you may want to try it in the store before buying -LRB- and make sure not to wear any other mascara to the store -RRB- !
 I bought this mascara after reading so many great reviews , but I found it to be mediocre at best . It 's no better than anything else I 've used . Too much money for something that just does n't do a fantastic job . I 've had drugstore brands that are much better .
 You can usually tell by the packaging if this is a good product.Cheap packaging ; looks like it was packaged from someones house.Feels like cold cream . It does tingle ; to the point where it is making me feel ill . It does n't do anything to the lines , only makes my skin feel dry.I can actually taste and feel it on my lips because I put some above my lips.Its a con . . . do n't waste your money . I will stay with the normal products where you see some results , and you skin feels good .
 I bought this product hoping it would be a way for me to avoid botox . Well after using it several times and followed the directions , I did n't notice any improvement at all . I feel somewhat cheated because this is n't cheap and I read about it in InStyle . Save your money !!!!
 Freeze 24/7 was a huge disappointment . It did tingle but I did n't pay $ 150 for a tingle . There was absolutely no improvement on any part of my face other than a very slight pore refinement . I tried it for several days in a row . When I did n't see any change I tried it on just one side of my face to see if I could see any difference . There was n't any . I did n't expect it to look like a face lift but I did expect to see some reduction of the very fine lines around my eyes . This product is a total waste .
 I would give zero stars if possible . This product was worthless !
 Was extremely expensive and completely worthless ! Saw absolutely no results at all !!! SAVE YOUR MONEY !
 DO NOT BUY FREEZE 24/7 PRODUCTS !!!! THEY LIE ABOUT RESULTS!I also have had terrible luck with Freeze 24/7 products ! I have tried several for about a month now , and must say , that I have had ZERO RESULTS ! The anti-wrinkle is n't instant ... it does n't do anything no matter how long or often I use it . The moisturizer is no better than my cheap over-the-counter products ! The scrub is good ... but for the price , I could have had several REAL microderm abrasions at a salon ! Do youselves a favor ladies ... DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY on Freeze 24/7 !
 This product did not perform for me . I use olive oil based cleansers on my face , so perhaps my products are not compatable with Freeze 24/7 . It caused a bit of a rash overnight on my forehead , and it took three days before my skin recovered.I passed the product to a friend and after trying it , she tossed it out.We both felt it was a shame that such an expensive product was so underwhelming in it 's actual use .
 I bought this product a fews days before going on vacation and it gave me really bad headaches And I had the weirdest dreams ... I know this sounds strange but it was like I could n't relax my eyes so it was hard to sleep right ... That 's why I gave it 2 stars because it definitely was doing something ... but it made me too sick and I was n't willing to go thru headaches , as soon as I stopped using it I slept like a baby and was back to normal ...
 I recently had an opportunity to try Freeze ... not hoping for much and that is what I got . It feels like it 's doing something , but alas it does not . How could anyone justify the cost of this product ? I know we all want quick fixes ... but this is not it . I 'm glad it only took me $ 14.00 to try it out wasnt even worth that . The people on this site that said it worked , must be in their 20 's . Save your money for the botox ...
 The Freeze 24/7 ad promised a FREE sample , with only a modest mailing charge . I hit the `` buy now '' button , which I assumed was at the bottom of the page . Only after placing the order did I realize that I could scroll down farther . And that 's where I learned that if my wife was satisfied with the product , she would have to PAY FOR IT IN FULL -- and that she would automatically be signed up to receive this stuff monthly . And if she was n't satisfied with it , she would have to return what was left of it -LRB- postage paid -RRB- within a couple of weeks . I feel that this information should have been posted ABOVE the `` buy now '' button , and that its placement was intended to mislead customers . Clearly , the company is hoping that the people they entrap either would n't know how to go about canceling the order or would n't bother . When I immediately telephoned the company to cancel my order , I was subjected to a high-pressure sales spiel and , eventually , an offer of a longer trial period . I persisted , and the rep grudgingly promised to cancel my order . I have n't heard from these people since then , so I assume she did cancel . But their nasty sales methods do n't inspire much confidence in their product .
 I think this is one of those products that after you spend that amount of money , you want it to work so much that your eyes deceive you . I 'm not sure that it works .
 tried it and didnt like the way my skin dried up after each use
 This product did not make my crows feet and frown lines go away , but it did do something I ca n't quite put my finger on . I know this because during the few days I used it , I had several people at the office tell me I looked tired and run down . I 'd never gotten those kind of comments before . I stopped using the Freeze 24/7 , and the comments stopped .
 This cream does absolutely nothing . I see not even a minimal change . I do n't know if buying through a 3rd party made a difference as it may not be the original 24/7 product I thought I was purchasing . Very disappointing .
 I 'm Italian and I appreciate a good cologne , But this one is just another name David Beckham and is not a good quality ...
 I have gone through 2 bottles of this stuff , and it does smell great , but it just does n't last very long . I spray it on in the morning and it is gone within 4 hours . Like others have said , for the price , you ca n't really expect a super high quality fragrance though .
 I bought this from Big Lots . It is 100 % crap and it does not last more than an hour . Save your money .
 I have bought this cologne for 5 years now , this is not the same cologne . The smell is no where near as good and it does not stick for more than 5 mins . I have a little of the original that i bought awhile back and compared it to this , This cologne smells water down .
 I was disappointed with the quality of this fragrance and in a way that justifies the low price . A perfume is without any doubt a personal preference and this is really not for me . I was with the expectation after reading a few good reviews that this could be a good buy but for me it was a big disappointment .
 I have been using this product for about six months to give it time to do what it says , but unfortunately it did n't . I have relaxed hair and this product dried out my scalp . To each is own though !
 I guess Fuchs and Ambassador must be the same company as the brush I received was an Ambassador . I always wash brushes before I use them . I washed it with shampoo as the instructions said and after it got wet it smelled sooo bad - like chemicals and dung . I soaked it overnight in baking soda , no change . This product touts all their enviro friendly ways they make brushes but fails to mention what kind of awful stuff is in or under the rubber pad , if that 's what it is . It 's intense.My last Ambassador is falling apart after 20 + years - the bristles are falling out of the rubber pad . So much for them lasting a lifetime as advertised . But I loved it - it never smelled bad . So whatever they changed , they need to go back to what worked in the past . I know I do n't want to brush this nastiness into my scalp . Yuk !
 Thus , you may expect that this &#34; treatment &#34; will strip your hair , and that Fantasia has either little idea or little regard for what constitutes a healthy addition to one 's hair and scalp regimen.I was unhappy to pour this down the drain , but in the absence of a mortal enemy , I would give this product to no one else .
 Half of this product was spilled out of the bottle!Due to the bottle not being sealed.There was however a strip of tape on the top of the bottle that was not a factory strip of tape !
 This blow dryer is quieter than others , but heavy and bulky to use.The worst is that it sparked & quit on me only a few mos . after I got it ; should be under warranty , but what a hassle . Too expensive for that !
 I have been looking for a fragrance that smells like a peony for a while . I rarely send things back , but this was disappointing . Does not smell anything like a peony .
 This has a very harsh smell and does not smell at all like violets . I was very disappointed with this purchase and do not recommend it .
 I thought this would smell like a sweet olive flower , but instead it smells like licorice . Great smell if you love the candy .
 While the products are all as described , the service from Demeter Fragrance Library left much to be desired . I placed an order of 1 full sized cologne spray and two samples . My order came with a free sample which was delightful , except that one sample arrived completely shattered and the sample spray pump did not work . I contacted Demeter Fragrance Library immediately to report the issue and was advised that if I were to return the defective products they would be more than happy to exchange or replace them . I was told I would be refunded for the shipping cost for having to mail my damaged products back to them . This was not the case . While they sent me new products and refunded me for the one item I returned , I was not reimbursed shipping and it took me a week to get a hold of someone at the company who told me that they never reimburse shipping back unless you return the whole order . However , this was not what I was told the first time I called or I would have never sent it back . Now I 'm out more for the shipping than I would have been just for the broken perfume sample . The woman I spoke to basically told me that no one could have possibly told me that I would be refunded unless I shipped the whole order back to them because `` It 's never been that way so I do n't know how that could be possible . '' Way to make your customer feel great . I 'll never place an order with them again . Order from an external website if you must .
 My opinion of this is not of it doing or not doing what it 's for . I just do n't like this flavor .
 My product came more than a month later than I ordered!When I emailed them they did n't respond until I emailed them a second time . HORRIBLE SERVICE . Definitely not recommended to other customers .
 This product will suffice if you 're in a pinch , but I can not recommend it . When working with short hair I prefer to have a gel that is less thick and slightly more malleable . This gel is really rough to work with when you 're trying to achieve any kind of a messy look . It 's perfect if you have super short hair that will all be going in one direction , and you do n't need to add any creativity to the matter . But if you have slightly longer hair , and you want to play with it -- this gel is quite bad for that . For super tight spikes this works , for essentially anything else -- it does n't .
 Le Dix by Balenciaga is a wonderful fragrance and when I wear this I always recieve many compliments however I found mine CHEAPER at thefragrancefactory.com
 After about a week of my boyfriend sleeping with it on , it broke . He started using mine since I did n't like sleeping with it and it broke again . Must be made cheaply if it kept breaking just while he was sleeping . He 's not a violent sleeper or anything .
 Some good features of this product are the high-quality brushes and a structured system , but honestly when I first saw Lauren Hutton 's commercial I expected -LRB- as they say -RRB- that this product would really make a difference with normal makeup and that it would really look natural at any age ... in reality I do n't find it adequate for a young adult skin . I also found that some of the colors in the disc are not so necessary.On the other hand , and although I bought this product thinking on the simplicity of the `` few-steps '' system , its protocol is yet time consuming ; you must learn to match each color with a part of your face , otherwise you will have to look daily at the instructions that come aside if you want to know how to use it .
 Not the color it appeared on line . Is very fragile . The powder broke up in my make up bag in less than a week . That has never happened to me before .
 I purchased the Honeysuckle.The scent was pleasing , however , I can walk down a househld aislein the supermarket and pick upsomething for less then 1/2 the pricethat smells just as nice .
 I bought `` Thunderstorm '' and it is absolutely aweful ! Not a clean fresh storm like I expected but wet dirt and dust . Not at all what I want people smelling when they walk into my home . I was very disapointed ! If you 're into this sort of smell more power to you , but it 's not at all something I would ever buy again .
 I bought Mildew thinking it would smell sort of like damp towels that had been in the bathroom for a couple of days but was disappointed to find it smelled more like sports liniment . Will next try thunderstorm .
 ... lately the products have been hit or miss.I recently tried Sticky Toffee Pudding in the 4 oz room spray and it 's definitely become my favorite -- I ca n't get enough of it ! On the other hand , my mother loves the Waffle Cone and I ordered her 2 bottles from the Demeter website -LRB- $ 14 each , plus flat rate shipping -RRB- and they came smelling nothing like the waffle cone she loves . It almost smells rancid like whiskey . There 's no problem with exchanges -- that 's what their website says anyway . I do n't know if it 's the room spray version that is bad or if they reformulated , but I 'm going to send it back and pay the extra for the cologne version.As for other scents I 've tried : Sugar Cookie - Very very sweet . A little too sweet for me.Brownie - An artificial chocolate smell , but not offensive . Does n't last very long.Graham Cracker - Hard to find the scent in the sea of alcohol in the product.Waffle - Very maple syrup-y . Strawberry Ice Cream - Very artificial owerpowering scent . Almost like a very concentrated strawberry Quik . -LRB- Strawberry milk powder brand . -RRB- Scottish Shortbread - There is some sort of oil in the mixture and when it arrived it was nearly frozen . I did n't care for this smell either . sort of an almond cookie smell but also masked by the alcohol smell.Mojito - Ick . My mom received this as a promo item somewhere and it smells like a hospital to me ! I 'm not sure which component of Mojito smell is doing that to it , but I 'd pass.There 's a Jelly Belly line scent that has something to do with blackberries . It was a pretty harsh scent . Not light and airy -- very contrived and strong . Over the top but not in a good way . Same goes for the Blueberry Muffin in the Jelly Belly line.Vanilla Cake Batter - Not very exciting . Very vanilla , not very cakey.I reviewed the Rubber and Mesquite scents on Amazon somewhere -- pass on those.Before you invest the money , go to the Demeter site and get the $ 51/2 oz splash version of the scent you like . Or just get the Sticky Toffee Pudding . ; -RRB-
 While the products are all as described , the service from Demeter Fragrance Library left much to be desired . I placed an order of 1 full sized cologne spray and two samples . My order came with a free sample which was delightful , except that one sample arrived completely shattered and the sample spray pump did not work . I contacted Demeter Fragrance Library immediately to report the issue and was advised that if I were to return the defective products they would be more than happy to exchange or replace them . I was told I would be refunded for the shipping cost for having to mail my damaged products back to them . This was not the case . While they sent me new products and refunded me for the one item I returned , I was not reimbursed shipping and it took me a week to get a hold of someone at the company who told me that they never reimburse shipping back unless you return the whole order . However , this was not what I was told the first time I called or I would have never sent it back . Now I 'm out more for the shipping than I would have been just for the broken perfume sample . The woman I spoke to basically told me that no one could have possibly told me that I would be refunded unless I shipped the whole order back to them because `` It 's never been that way so I do n't know how that could be possible . '' Way to make your customer feel great . I 'll never place an order with them again . Order from an external website if you must .
 Not much more to say than the title , but that 's exactly the case , i LOVE the lime scent , it is sharp and tangy , not far off from real lime by the way ! But maybe with a slightly margarita-tinge . yum , i love it . But the smell does n't last longer than a minute , even if i spray 10 sprays of it . :-LRB- . Total bummer .
 the hight note on this is great but what remains ... just think bathroom ... dont buy this one . I do enjoy a few of the other choices they have , , , , , , dont wasted your money on this
 I ordered this for my wife . I knew is was only 4 oz but it seemed even smaller . For the price it is not worth it . My wife liked the smell but the results were horrible . Would never purshase this again .
 I was very disappointed in this product . I paid for a premium fragrance to give us that real Christmas tree smell and got something that smells just like the cheap pine bathroom deodorizers of years ago .
 Received product on time but the scent is n't very nice . Smells like dirt to me . I 've smelled much better sandalwood scents and this is n't one of them .
 I bought this brush less then a year ago . It has a number of problems . The head detaches from the handle on a regular basis . The cloth band is a magnate for mold . I had to cut it off due to mold buildup . Lastly , this morning , I tried to wash my back with it and the entire plastic holder of the brushes broke to pieces . In to the trash can it went .
 I was suprised at how small the product was when I got it in the mail
 I love sandalwood , and buy it in soap and bubble bath quite often . This not only does n't smell like sandalwood , it does n't even have the woody/spicy tones that sandalwood does . All I smell is a general perfume-y smell with a powdery undertone , like cheap lilac .
 I dont know if this will help your nails to grow or not . I dont care for it when you put it on it leaves a sticky residue . So right after you will either have to wash your hands or put on lotion
 I love this hair gel so I decided to buy two of them at one time . When I got them , they both came wrapped in plastic but one of them came wrapped in an extra plastic , I did n't understand ? The last time I bought this it was n't packaged like this . When I opened it up I realized why . The dispenser was broken and they did n't want the gel to get everywhere -LRB- which it was , in the bag -RRB- . I was disappointed that they knew it was broken and still shipped it to me .
 This gel does not hold at all even when I keep re-applying . The jenerations baby gel is much better .
 I gave this product to a friend . She said it had weaker fragrance than she remembered it to have . The price , however , is very reasonable .
 I should have payed more attention to the reviews that said their grandma wore this cologne . It is not like modern mens cologne at all . It smells like how old lady 's like to smell . That is not a good smell for a man .
 Product was as shown and described . However , it is too rough for my face . I believe a smaller size would be softer , so that 's what I will order next .
 I ordered the largest size they offer -LRB- 3.5 to 4 inches -RRB- . The sponge was much more of an irregular shape than the picture shown here . The four inches is measured from tip-to-tip of the longest possible dimension . Measuring 90 degrees from that , the sponge I got was only about two inches wide.The sponge lasted just six weeks before falling apart . At $ 13.45 -LRB- with shipping -RRB- this is way too expensive . You can getLATHER Natural Sea Wool Spongeshipped for $ 14 and that is huge . You could cut that up to make at least four decent sized sponges considerably larger than this one . -LRB- I say four only to be on the conservative side . -RRB- While it lasted , though , it was very nice .
 Mine was about 2 inches long . Just way too small for my purposes . 4 &#34; would 've done it . 2 &#34; is useless .
 Put this product in my cart at under $ 4 per sponge , price was changed after . My fault for not noticing it had changed , but there were a bunch of other items in my cart & I did n't spot it until too late . The sponges I received were tiny . I contacted them for authorization to return , which they gave . Delivery confirmation says they received them back Dec 10th , and here on the 26th they still have not credited my account for the return . If you need a tiny little craft sponge , you might be able to use these things , but if you want a sponge you can use to shower with , go to Target . UPDATE
 These sponges were listed as Natural Silk Sea Sponge that were very soft and they are in fact very rough and not soft at all . I am very very disappointed in this product and would never order this again . I was really looking forward to receiving a very soft sponge as the item had listed .
 I have been looking for a nice soft facial sponge for cleansing . The word silk is a complete misrepresentation as this is a very stiff rigid sponge , not very soft for facial cleansing.I will keep them for my art projects , very disappointed.I am still searching for a nice soft facial sponge !
 I purchased the Honeysuckle.The scent was pleasing , however , I can walk down a househld aislein the supermarket and pick upsomething for less then 1/2 the pricethat smells just as nice .
 I bought `` Thunderstorm '' and it is absolutely aweful ! Not a clean fresh storm like I expected but wet dirt and dust . Not at all what I want people smelling when they walk into my home . I was very disapointed ! If you 're into this sort of smell more power to you , but it 's not at all something I would ever buy again .
 I bought Mildew thinking it would smell sort of like damp towels that had been in the bathroom for a couple of days but was disappointed to find it smelled more like sports liniment . Will next try thunderstorm .
 ... lately the products have been hit or miss.I recently tried Sticky Toffee Pudding in the 4 oz room spray and it 's definitely become my favorite -- I ca n't get enough of it ! On the other hand , my mother loves the Waffle Cone and I ordered her 2 bottles from the Demeter website -LRB- $ 14 each , plus flat rate shipping -RRB- and they came smelling nothing like the waffle cone she loves . It almost smells rancid like whiskey . There 's no problem with exchanges -- that 's what their website says anyway . I do n't know if it 's the room spray version that is bad or if they reformulated , but I 'm going to send it back and pay the extra for the cologne version.As for other scents I 've tried : Sugar Cookie - Very very sweet . A little too sweet for me.Brownie - An artificial chocolate smell , but not offensive . Does n't last very long.Graham Cracker - Hard to find the scent in the sea of alcohol in the product.Waffle - Very maple syrup-y . Strawberry Ice Cream - Very artificial owerpowering scent . Almost like a very concentrated strawberry Quik . -LRB- Strawberry milk powder brand . -RRB- Scottish Shortbread - There is some sort of oil in the mixture and when it arrived it was nearly frozen . I did n't care for this smell either . sort of an almond cookie smell but also masked by the alcohol smell.Mojito - Ick . My mom received this as a promo item somewhere and it smells like a hospital to me ! I 'm not sure which component of Mojito smell is doing that to it , but I 'd pass.There 's a Jelly Belly line scent that has something to do with blackberries . It was a pretty harsh scent . Not light and airy -- very contrived and strong . Over the top but not in a good way . Same goes for the Blueberry Muffin in the Jelly Belly line.Vanilla Cake Batter - Not very exciting . Very vanilla , not very cakey.I reviewed the Rubber and Mesquite scents on Amazon somewhere -- pass on those.Before you invest the money , go to the Demeter site and get the $ 51/2 oz splash version of the scent you like . Or just get the Sticky Toffee Pudding . ; -RRB-
 While the products are all as described , the service from Demeter Fragrance Library left much to be desired . I placed an order of 1 full sized cologne spray and two samples . My order came with a free sample which was delightful , except that one sample arrived completely shattered and the sample spray pump did not work . I contacted Demeter Fragrance Library immediately to report the issue and was advised that if I were to return the defective products they would be more than happy to exchange or replace them . I was told I would be refunded for the shipping cost for having to mail my damaged products back to them . This was not the case . While they sent me new products and refunded me for the one item I returned , I was not reimbursed shipping and it took me a week to get a hold of someone at the company who told me that they never reimburse shipping back unless you return the whole order . However , this was not what I was told the first time I called or I would have never sent it back . Now I 'm out more for the shipping than I would have been just for the broken perfume sample . The woman I spoke to basically told me that no one could have possibly told me that I would be refunded unless I shipped the whole order back to them because `` It 's never been that way so I do n't know how that could be possible . '' Way to make your customer feel great . I 'll never place an order with them again . Order from an external website if you must .
 Not much more to say than the title , but that 's exactly the case , i LOVE the lime scent , it is sharp and tangy , not far off from real lime by the way ! But maybe with a slightly margarita-tinge . yum , i love it . But the smell does n't last longer than a minute , even if i spray 10 sprays of it . :-LRB- . Total bummer .
 the hight note on this is great but what remains ... just think bathroom ... dont buy this one . I do enjoy a few of the other choices they have , , , , , , dont wasted your money on this
 I ordered this for my wife . I knew is was only 4 oz but it seemed even smaller . For the price it is not worth it . My wife liked the smell but the results were horrible . Would never purshase this again .
 I was very disappointed in this product . I paid for a premium fragrance to give us that real Christmas tree smell and got something that smells just like the cheap pine bathroom deodorizers of years ago .
 I stained a white swimsuit orange around the edges - there 's a chemical reaction between the sunscreen and hard water . The stains appear when you wash it ! Barkeeper 's Friend seems to be taking it out ... I 'm very frustrated .
 I bought this and used it a couple of times on my kids with no problems , except that my kids did not like being sprayed . This weekend we took it to the pool and it would not spray . There is nothing we could do to get it working again . Dangerous to be caught without a backup sunscreen !
 I have used the Coppertone Pure and Simple lotion and loved it but for a Disney trip I wanted something easier to re-apply in the parks . While this offered great sun protection -LRB- after a full week at Disney , no one in our family was sunburned -RRB- , this product stained all of our white/light colored clothing . Also , it leaves a sticky residue on the skin that even after showering , only vigorous rubbing with a towel removed the residue . I can not seem to get the stains out of the clothes at ALL even after numerous washing with bleach . After researching the product on-line , I found many other complaints regarding the same issue of stained clothing . I would give this product negative stars if I could , and will definitely not recommend anyone to purchase it -LRB- unless you prefer to wear your clothes with stains ... -RRB- . I was very disappointed in the product , especially since I have had such great experience with the Pure & Simple lotion sunscreen .
 on a recent trip we used this product and within a 1/2 hour we noticed orange stains on my kids and my husbands clothes upon our return home we washed our clothes and the stains remained I contacted the company and was treated very rudly Our clothes are now ruined and I am spreading the word never buy another coppertone product I know I wo n't
 Pros - * super easy to use * lets you reach difficult spots on your own since you do n't have to reach to rub it in * very fast to apply * it seems to last a long time based on how you can feel the residue on your body -LRB- though I would still reapply per directions to be on the safe side -RRB- Cons - * sticky rather than smooth like a lotion * does n't always come out right -LRB- should be a mist but sometimes a stream comes out -RRB- * supposed to be no rub but sometimes it comes on unevenly and you have to rub it in * bad smell * have to be sure and close your mouth because it tastes terrible if any gets in there * my son hates having it sprayed on -LRB- I think because it is cold -RRB- -LSB- update - he does n't seem to mind it anymore -RCB- * bottle gets very slippery miduse * sometimes it stops working as you are applying it -LRB- the control gets stuck ? -RRB- * takes a bit of force to get it to work -LRB- at least my bottle was like that -RRB- I do n't plan to buy it again . I 'll use what we have left but that 's it . Great idea though .
 I also have encountered orange clothing stains from Coppertone 's products . I tried a rub on sunscreen last year which left large stains on a white t-shirt and khaki shorts I was wearing ... always where the clothing rub an area I put the sunscreen on . I decided to give Coppertone a second chance -LRB- because of their positive reputation -RRB- and tried the spray this year for golfing . When I got home I noticed a large orange stain again around the sleeves ... and I only played 9 holes!I had to throw all the clothing out because it was unwearable . Even Goodwill did not want it ! From what I 've heard , there is a large segment of people who have encountered these stains , yet Coppertone has done nothing to fix the problem or reimburse people for clothing .
 The stain thing happened to my family 's clothes while at the beach this week ! My nails even have an orange hue . I wonder if this stuff is safe . Anyone have any ideas for getting the stains out of our clothing ? I have 5 days worth of 5 family members ' clothing totally ruined . I actually gave it one star because it was very effective as a sunblock . Just be sure to wear all orange clothing during and for a day or two after use !!!!!
 There are two very different formulations in similar shaped spray bottles . This one -LRB- clear spray -RRB- is HORRIBLE.Do NOT buy this one , which is the `` Clear No-Rub Spray '' also labeled `` Continuous Spray '' version . It sprays out like a clear liquid . It caused a BAD RASH to all three members of our family within 8 hrs after use , and same thing every time we tried to use it . We do not have sensitive skin . It was n't a bad bottle . We had multiple different sized bottles different mfg dates - all same problem . We had to throw all bottles into garbage.OK , which one should you buy?Instead , sugggest you buy the `` LOTION SPRAY '' Water Babies version which comes in same shape bottle but which has PINK artwork on bottle . It sprays out as a light consistency , white cream lotion Coppertone Waterbabies SPF # 50 Quick Cover Spray Lotion 6 oz . . We use that pink bottle Coppertone `` Lotion Spray '' every day . We LOVE IT . We go through multiple bottles per year . Tip
 Took me forever to figure out what was ruining all my white/light colored clothing!Realized it was the sunscreen and the hard water at the cottage!Don ' t use in hard water ! Clothing is ruined !!
 After several years of using a competitor 's aerosol sunblock for kids we opted for the 3-pack of this product from Sams , thinking it could n't be much different.Our experience has been spot-on with most reviews here and can be summed up with three S 's : Stains - Have n't noticed on the clothes yet , but the over-spray did permanently stain our composite decking on our porch.Sticky - Most likely an effect of the waterproof chemical . After a shower -LRB- or two -RRB- you 'll still feel gummy until it wears off.Stinky - This stuff smells ... bad ! Just like bug spray.Additionally , our daughter -LRB- 4 -RRB- has developed a rash on her neck and chest after using this product . Apparently , Oxybenzone , which this product contains , can trigger allergic reactions.One additional note : Aside from causing high rates of photoallergenic reactions , Oxybenzone -LRB- an ingredient in 60 % of sunscreens -RRB- is a potential hormone disruptor and penetrates the skin in relatively large amounts . Some experts caution it 's use on children due to penetration and toxicity concerns.Moral of the story ... do your research . We 'll likely be choosing a top-rated sunscreen from EWG 's Sunscreen Guide .
 I never thought about writing a review for sunscreen , but I thought it was important , Coppertone has a serious problem with the sprayer on this sunscreen . I have never encountered this before and I see from past reviews we are n't the only ones who have had this problem.We have 3 bottles , bought from 2 different stores . One of them stopped working after a few sprays -LRB- bottle still full of sunscreen -RRB- . Thought it was a fluke . Took 2 bottles camping this weekend and the same thing happened , they stopped working after a few uses ! We took care to not spray upside down thinking that was the problem . But they still clogged.I say `` clogged '' because I am not sure what the problem is , it is n't even clogged because the sprayer button wo n't go down , It is almost like the sprayer button broke . As the other reviewer said , we tried everything to get them working again.I also thought it was strange that the kids burned after only 2 hours but this could be our fault for not re-applying since they were swimming the entire time . I have never had a problem with burning using other Coppertone products or using Coppertone in the past , but that was our experience this weekend with this product .
 product came in a cardboard box with packing peanuts , there was n't any box from manufacturer ... very strange ! seems to be perfume in bottle !
 It does soften the dark circles but has not stopped the wrinkles . I 'm on my third tube . A little goes a long way .
 Really like La Roche Posay products ; however , this product is apparently an exception . Although advertised for sensitive eyes , product caused extreme puffiness and irritation around the eye area . Another added ` feature ' was the large yellow rings that would form around my eyes mid-way through the day . Could have been an allergic reaction or bad product ; nonetheless , please be aware that this product may not be as sensitive for the eye area as advertised . I will say that the tube it comes in is very convenient and dispenses just the right amount of product in a sanitary way . Wish it would have worked out ...
 My aunt wanted Vanilla scented lotion to please her boyfriend , but he did n't like this one . Happy Birthday , dumpster diver .
 ... lately the products have been hit or miss.I recently tried Sticky Toffee Pudding in the 4 oz room spray and it 's definitely become my favorite -- I ca n't get enough of it ! On the other hand , my mother loves the Waffle Cone and I ordered her 2 bottles from the Demeter website -LRB- $ 14 each , plus flat rate shipping -RRB- and they came smelling nothing like the waffle cone she loves . It almost smells rancid like whiskey . There 's no problem with exchanges -- that 's what their website says anyway . I do n't know if it 's the room spray version that is bad or if they reformulated , but I 'm going to send it back and pay the extra for the cologne version.As for other scents I 've tried : Sugar Cookie - Very very sweet . A little too sweet for me.Brownie - An artificial chocolate smell , but not offensive . Does n't last very long.Graham Cracker - Hard to find the scent in the sea of alcohol in the product.Waffle - Very maple syrup-y . Strawberry Ice Cream - Very artificial owerpowering scent . Almost like a very concentrated strawberry Quik . -LRB- Strawberry milk powder brand . -RRB- Scottish Shortbread - There is some sort of oil in the mixture and when it arrived it was nearly frozen . I did n't care for this smell either . sort of an almond cookie smell but also masked by the alcohol smell.Mojito - Ick . My mom received this as a promo item somewhere and it smells like a hospital to me ! I 'm not sure which component of Mojito smell is doing that to it , but I 'd pass.There 's a Jelly Belly line scent that has something to do with blackberries . It was a pretty harsh scent . Not light and airy -- very contrived and strong . Over the top but not in a good way . Same goes for the Blueberry Muffin in the Jelly Belly line.Vanilla Cake Batter - Not very exciting . Very vanilla , not very cakey.I reviewed the Rubber and Mesquite scents on Amazon somewhere -- pass on those.Before you invest the money , go to the Demeter site and get the $ 51/2 oz splash version of the scent you like . Or just get the Sticky Toffee Pudding . ; -RRB-
 While the products are all as described , the service from Demeter Fragrance Library left much to be desired . I placed an order of 1 full sized cologne spray and two samples . My order came with a free sample which was delightful , except that one sample arrived completely shattered and the sample spray pump did not work . I contacted Demeter Fragrance Library immediately to report the issue and was advised that if I were to return the defective products they would be more than happy to exchange or replace them . I was told I would be refunded for the shipping cost for having to mail my damaged products back to them . This was not the case . While they sent me new products and refunded me for the one item I returned , I was not reimbursed shipping and it took me a week to get a hold of someone at the company who told me that they never reimburse shipping back unless you return the whole order . However , this was not what I was told the first time I called or I would have never sent it back . Now I 'm out more for the shipping than I would have been just for the broken perfume sample . The woman I spoke to basically told me that no one could have possibly told me that I would be refunded unless I shipped the whole order back to them because `` It 's never been that way so I do n't know how that could be possible . '' Way to make your customer feel great . I 'll never place an order with them again . Order from an external website if you must .
 Not much more to say than the title , but that 's exactly the case , i LOVE the lime scent , it is sharp and tangy , not far off from real lime by the way ! But maybe with a slightly margarita-tinge . yum , i love it . But the smell does n't last longer than a minute , even if i spray 10 sprays of it . :-LRB- . Total bummer .
 the hight note on this is great but what remains ... just think bathroom ... dont buy this one . I do enjoy a few of the other choices they have , , , , , , dont wasted your money on this
 I ordered this for my wife . I knew is was only 4 oz but it seemed even smaller . For the price it is not worth it . My wife liked the smell but the results were horrible . Would never purshase this again .
 I was very disappointed in this product . I paid for a premium fragrance to give us that real Christmas tree smell and got something that smells just like the cheap pine bathroom deodorizers of years ago .
 I purchased the Honeysuckle.The scent was pleasing , however , I can walk down a househld aislein the supermarket and pick upsomething for less then 1/2 the pricethat smells just as nice .
 I bought `` Thunderstorm '' and it is absolutely aweful ! Not a clean fresh storm like I expected but wet dirt and dust . Not at all what I want people smelling when they walk into my home . I was very disapointed ! If you 're into this sort of smell more power to you , but it 's not at all something I would ever buy again .
 I bought Mildew thinking it would smell sort of like damp towels that had been in the bathroom for a couple of days but was disappointed to find it smelled more like sports liniment . Will next try thunderstorm .
 I have not used any Nia24 products but I found their use of niacin intriguing . Their claim of Pro-Niacin penetrating the skin better than other forms of niacin like niacinamide , via being delivered in a lipophilic form , is questionable as there are several studies , including one from the Journal of Cosmetic Dermatology , that have shown topical niacinamide or nicotinic acid to penetrate the epidermis and to increase NAD levels in the skin . These increased NAD levels were shown , as reported in the Journal of Photochemistry and Photobiology , to repair damaged DNA within the skin , and to stimulate energy metabolism and promote skin turn over . So , does niacin really need to be in a special lipophilic form to have effect , with a hefty price tag attached ? Furthermore , the Pro-Niacin comes in the form of myristyl nicotinate and myristates tend to cause or aggravate acne in people prone to acne . So , this may not pose a problem for you if you do not have any issues with acne , but be aware that isopropyl and other myristates are responsible for a lot of acne cosmetica.Dawn G. , M.D.
 My dermatologist recommended this product for hyperpimentation . Have n't seen a difference so far and it 's been a month .
 So , I used the cream for about two months . My brown spots are still brown and my face is n't soft like it used to be , it has bumps everywhere !! I had to go to a dermatologist and my face is now in recovery time . Do n't buy it !!
 Nia24 Skin Strengthening Complex Repair Cream $ 74.68 delivered in timely fashion of 4 days was 1.7 oz . instead of 1.8 oz . which was advertised.No explanation of difference even though minor . No receipt or information for return if not satisfied.No further orders from this reviewer . An ounce is an ounce !
 I sampled it while killing time in a gift shop in one of Las Vegas hotels . I think I can safely say that one of the most disgusting perfumes I 've encountered . Not sure how to describe it-stale lemonade with a whiff of mothballs ? Yes , I think that 's close enough . Not good , not good at all .
 Excellent seller , all delivered as described.We did look at reviews for this product , but chose to ignore the most important one . The ingredients have most definitely been altered and it is very poor compared with the original mix we used to purchase in our opinion . This is not to say that the product is poor , simply does not accord with the ones we used to purchase .
 Someone has cheapened Burt 's Bee 's Beeswax and Banana hand creme , I remember I got this stuff and it used to be like thick wax and put a great coating on the hands or whatever part of the body , but now it 's just crap . Like colored waseline .
 I read good reviews on this product , so I thought I 'd give it a try . The smell was a bit much , but did n't hang around long . It was the very greasy feeling that was left on my skin that I did not care for . All other reviews said it was light and `` vanishes '' . Mine did the opposite . It was like thick vaseline that clung to my face and actually had to be rubbed in for awhile to get it to `` vanish '' . Does n't all face cream vanish ? But it was the very heavy oily greasy smelly feeling on my skin that was the annoyance . I think I will stick to Olay .
 I did not like this product . It is a deep moisturizer that is thick and feels sticky . It would be good if you had say chapped cheeks . For every day use , no ! It broke me out just a bit with acne due to it 's not breathing well . My bottle arrived with a bit of oil floating around on top of a very thick goo . Maybe it was old or something , I do n't know , but it did n't look smooth at all , and it just felt too gooey for me . I like the radiance day creme .
 I used to buy this and use it without lucky . Seems like when I lived in San Francisco it did the trick , but in dry arid Colorado the product is n't rich enough . I could put it on 3-5 times a day and it did n't help . I switched to an organic macadamia nut oil product called Bee Nuts and have had great luck with it .
 Be careful because if you suffer from a nut allergy this has sweet almond oil in it . Do n't get it in your eyes either ! I had a major reaction from this .
 Strong aroma which takes maybe 10 minutes to fade . But after about 1/2 hour , my eyes started burning . Skin feels smooth , but not worth the other effects .
 Tried this product before and it was great . Do n't know if they changed the formulation , but it was n't the same . The product leaves my face sticky and it becomes hard to put on makeup . Very disappointed
 In general , I like Olay 's new products . I could never find out how this product would work for me over the long haul , since the overpowering fragrance makes my eyes swell , and exacerbates my asthma . If you have allegies or sensitivities , I 'd recommending passing on this one , or waiting for a fragrance-free product .
 I wanted to like this product because of all the reviews I read , however , after 4 days of using it I had to give up.I 'm mid 20 's , medium skin color , with combination skin -LRB- slightly acne prone -RRB- . -LSB- Be careful with reviews , you do n't know what type of skin people have , so it could work for one person but not the other solely based on their skin type . -RSB- I used this in the morning and at night , and these are the cons :1 . Clogged my pores ! My forehead broke out , and that 's very uncommon for me .2 . The smell is terrible . Moisturizer does n't need to be so strongly perfumed .3 . The skin on my nose dried out and became flakyIf you 're in your 20 's , and have combination skin , I would n't recommend it .
 Be cautious of the reviews here -- many are posted from the Olay web site , where not a single negative review exists . -LRB- Even one as bold as to claim a Sephora employee commented that everyone she questioned with beautiful skin attributed it to Olay . -RRB- Blogs elsewhere have more objective , varied reviews , and I strongly recommend researching those before purchasing . No skin care product works perfectly for every consumer , and this item is no different . While I appreciate the light , whipped feel and subtle scent , the `` luminosity '' in the cream cakes into the few fine lines I have -LRB- I 'm 27 -RRB- . After applying it , my husband thinks I have dry skin flaking on my face . Overall , the product is mid-range for me , but I am offended by Olay 's attempt to mislead consumers with fake reviews , as I rely on honest consumer reviews to help me make informed purchases . As a result , I will not again purchase skin care products from Oil of Olay or its parent company , Proctor & Gamble .
 I was really exited to try this product after reading the reviews . It goes on smoothly and does n't feel heavy but I was immediately struck down by the horrible stench of the `` fragrance '' . It smells like the most horrible cheap perfume you could ever imagine . Unfortunately the odor does not dissipate as you would expect . Why produce a working product for only the smallest percentage of women who prefer a call-girl aroma ? Another reviewer stated it was a cucumber-y scent but please be aware that this is like a strong cheap imitation of a heavy designer scent . I made both me and my Mom very nauseous .
 It 's a really nice color if you apply one coat , but we all know with colors like these you have to apply at least 2 , but once you apply the 2nd coat the color changes . Also after a week I removed the nail polish and it stained my nails . Do n't recommend .
 I bought this based on the reviews . VERY unimpressed . I touch up chips twice a day ! I usually use OPI , which will last two weeks with minimal maintenance . This did n't make it 3 days . The colors are pretty , but even Sally Hanson outlasts Essie , and at a third the price . My first bottle will be my last bottle .
 I really have no idea what the fascination is with this brand . I 've tried so many shades hoping that maybe the last was a fluke . But , this brand is awful IMO . It 's difficult to apply , applies streaky , and chips so easily . I much prefer OPI .
 This nail polish is a good one . But I was expecting more of it . First of all , I say it is very expensive so I thought it would be a great quality , I wanted it for french nails . but for my suprise it came to my house with a thick consistency . I do n't know if all essey nail polish are like this , but this was my first essey nail polish and all I can say is that I prefer buying the inexpensive revlon I have always buyed .
 this color is way too light and to get the white-ish color you have to have 3 coats . The seller is the BESTS -LRB- not the first time I order from them -RRB- but THIS particularly nail polish is not great ... I 'll just stay with Opi < 3
 If you want a natural nail tint , that looks like color of the real nail bed , this is the shade for you . It is not as pink as the photo ; it 's more cream . Really sheer , just perfect for a french manicure . Not for me though , I like my colors more saturated , even with a Fnch.ManiFollow up April 30 , 2011
 Ask plenty of questions about product and merchandise as these items appear new in picture , but merchandise clearly been used or were tester products .
 Sea Breeze has been my favorite Essie color , and since it such an old color , most stores no longer carry it . So when I discovered it listed with this seller on Amazon , I was pleased . Unfortunately , the polish that I received was nothing like the original Sea Breeze that I have so enjoyed . I 've simply tossed it rather than go to the trouble of returning it . I DO NOT recommend this product as offered by this seller !!!
 even brighter in person than in pic and once on . maybe at my darkest in the summer i would wear this . almost neon .
 i bought this crimper when i was in about 7th grade for the waver . it looked good , but it took a really long time . after awhile i started using the straightner , because my hair had always been wavy . this is a pretty good strightner if your hair is just a little wavy . i wouldnt suggest it to anybody with course curly hair . the flocked plate , which is supposed to make your hair shiny , does not work . the micro crimp plate works . overall i give this product 5/10
 My 9 year old was so excited to get this gadget for her birthday and then disappointed when it did NOTHING ! None of the plates worked on her thick , wavy mane AT ALL . I stood there squeezing the thing on a microscopic section of hair for several minutes til my knuckles turned white and we got NADA from it . I even tried it on my 6 year old 's hair which is wispy and barely there . Still nothing . This worthless gadget was retired to the back of the closet . A year or so later I came across it during a spring cleaning , decided it would be an insult to give it to charity , and promptly filed it under trash !
 I had this straighter for a long time now and its making me really mad . It takes two hours to make my hair look sorta straight and thats after i go over every peice of hair about 5 times . I wish i could give this 0 stars ... And it doesnt even deserve that much . it made my hair look horrible almost every time i used it and now i have to spend more money to buy a decent straighter . so dont buy this unless u plan on giving it to someone u really hate to get them mad and agravated when they try using it . I only used the crimp once and it made me look like ... a poodle i guess . a poodle with a really bad perm ... so yeah . use ur money and buy something useful . like supplies to make a sign . a sign that says how horrible this product is ... and stand outdie a conair building with it . cuz they deserve it for making me so mad . lol .
 Recently , I purchased this Conair deep waver and to be direct , it is a piece of junk . If I could , I would have given this product a 0 rating because it 's not worthy of 1 point . However , the `` deep waves '' are barely noticeable , it takes awhile to heat up and it does n't get that hot . Without enough heat , it 's nearly impossible to crimp , straighten or wave your hair . I 've decided not to bother with it altogether and just throw it away . It did n't cost that much , but I guess you get what you pay for .
 my best friend got it because her hair is always frizzy and she saw what my flat iron did to my hair -LRB- I have TOTALLY CURLY HAIR , frizzy too and she has straight hair -RRB- but of course beauty is pain and ... MONEY ! because I bought a Chi iron -LRB- 100 bucks so well spent -RRB- Ive had it for about 2 years I think and every time I flat iron its as good as the first but anyway she bought it and it did NOTHING !! she pushed it down as hard as she could to make it straighten and NOTHING ! now shes 20 bucks short and has frizzy hair ! if you ask me by the time you keep buying these things that dont work it will add up to 100 dollars just by a chi and save time energy and frustration ! IF I COULD ID RATE THIS 0 ! - Stephanie
 I have wavy hair and , It took around 10 minuets to heat and two hours to straighten with the conair straightener.Then it would end up wavy again by less than mid-day . With the velvet material on the straighener it did not pull our strands of hair at all but with the velvet like material on it it makes it harder and take longer to straighten . I 've had it for a short while and the velvet is already fadding . There are way better products out there . I do not recomend this to anybody .
 The product I received , was not the product in the picture -LRB- twice -RRB- . I ordered this because in the picture it shows the blue flocked plates , which I like using because my hair is baby fine & burns easily . However , I received the set that has the star plate instead . I sent it back thinking it was a mistake , but when they sent the replacement , it was the wrong set again ! I guess they do n't have the one I want , even though they are showing it in the picture . I have told them to change the picture ... but obviously they do n't listen to feedback .
 this item was nicely presented , however it 's not as good as it appears in the info page , heat is low , styling is bad , it 's bad by all means
 I got this item hopeing my hair would be straight for once and i used it and it wasnt straight even one bit.Dont buy this because you will waste your money !
 this thing is so old school i 'm surprised the instructions do n't say to heat it on an open flame with your `` supper , '' a la little house on the prairie !! it takes FOREVER to heat up , and only the tiny crimpy attachment works . i sold this a couple of months ago at our garage sale , the lady wouldnt give me TWO bucks for it ! when you check the wattage/voltage on this compared to my current flat iron -LRB- Revlon 20 dollar cheapie from target -RRB- it is like , then times less power . dont waste your time AND/OR money on this studebaker of hair accesories !
 I had to use all my power to squeeze to get any result and my hair is easy to style . Just not worth trying it
 The idea and concept behind this product is good , it would save space in any bathroom . The only problem is that it does not get hot enough to straighten , crimp or wave hair .
 Holy crow . I had this back in middle school . Mine was purple . Wow i was thinking about this yesterday with my mom . I also remembered that it took FOREVER to heat up and it didnt work properly well at least the waver and the other thing . The only one that worked was the straightner and even that didnt do a very good job .
 This was one of the first flat irons I had ever used , and it almost made me never want to flat iron my hair again . This product is absolute garbage . First of all , you have to go over your hair about 5 times for it to even make the slightest change in your hair . With every stroke , your hair is getting ripped out . I would have to stop and take strands of hair out from between the plate and the handle . It was horrible . It is also very heavy and bulky . Save yourself the headache and buy a different flat iron . Conair has OK products , but their flat irons are pathetic . I would go with another brand all together .
 I thought since it was a Conair product this would be a good product , boy I was wrong . My daughters hair is not all that thick and it wouldnt even hold a crimp even though we used a good hair product to hold the crimp . I also tried it on my hair and still didnt work well . The plates are to thin and it doesnt even get very hot . If anyone else can recommend a good crimping iron please let me know .
 Bought this at walmart for 17 bucks and it sucks !! This is not for thick wavy frizzy hard to straighten hair . Even when i straightened my hair with another flat iron and went to use the crimping plates it still sucked , This is horrible do n't waste your money !!!!
 To be honest , this Conair styling kit is n't useful at all . I bought this couple years before . It worked well with straightening but it always makes my hair frizzy . Later , I bought a Wigo flat iron then that broke and now I have the Conair CS19CS/CS19QCS Instant Heat Ceramic Hair Straightener . That hair straigtener is good , you can go see my review there if you want . I give this product 2 stars because besides the awful results of the straightener part , the waver and crimp are pretty good .
 Ah how sad when I begged my mom for a hair straightner and she cheaped out on me and bought me this 10 years ago . The straightner does not work at all , I have no idea what the velvet pads are for ? And I did n't care much for the large waver . However I fell in love with the crimper and for a long time that was my look . My hair being so thick it took FOREVER to do just the top layer -LRB- never do your whole head -RRB- and at least it did n't do any damage , although I 'm pretty sure it damaged anyone else 's hair that tried it . I 'm looking for a good mini crimper to replace this one , something that can do the job fast , have the same cute look and you do n't have to SQUEEZE so very hard to get results .
 This straightener has no heat -LRB- I 've touched it while hot -RRB- and does not work at all for thick hair . The crimper did nothing and the plate that was supposed to make waves simply made me look like I could be the bride of Frankenstein . YIKES ! The other plate did absolutely nothing for my hair . I gave it two stars because it might work better for finer hair .
 I have others that I use , thought this would be a great addition , however , does not do what I expected it to .
 The wave and the crimper did not work well at all ... the straightener is ok but the other attachments were not worth it .
 -------- | Pros | --------- Good design/idea with the switchable plates - Cuts down on storage space needed -------- | Cons | --------- Functionally useless - Does NOT get hot enough - Takes a long time -LRB- 20 + min -RRB- to heat up - Straightened/styled lasts hair for ~ 10 minI 've been using heat styling tools for years and have had multiple different straighteners over the years , Conair , generic brands , Revlon ... and this one is the worst one I 've ever used . My hair texture is thin , fine and wavy , i.e. extremely easy to straighten . This is the only straightener I 've ever used that 1 -RRB- can not straighten my hair and 2 -RRB- whose result does not last against humidity .
 the perfum is great but i receved a bery diferent produt than the one i order no happy it all
 I am always trying to find a product that is better than the previous one I 've had . Upon a recommendation , I purchased this moisturizer . I used the entire bottle before I decided to write the review . First , this product burns your face , especially if you put in on after shaving . It is n't a minor burning sensation either as the bottle will tell you . I could possibly tolerate the buring if the product results were worth the pain but that is n't the case . The actual moisture is just a greasy film . It is not worth the money . May I suggest a newer product I have found to be really amazing - Kiehls Facial Fuel for men . It is the best moisturizer I 've ever used followed by Dermalogica 's Active Moist . I would suggest one of these two far superior alternatives . With that said , almost all other Jack Black products I 've used have been terrific including their volume shampoo and conditioner .
 This stuff sucks ; it does n't smell very good and it stings when you use it.I would try Jack Black Double Duty moisturizer instead .
 I do n't actually hate this , but recently , upon research -LRB- A FEW MONTHS AFTER I BOUGHT IT -RRB- , i found this product to be quite toxic to the skin w / the ingredients contained.Search it yourself with the EWG website
 If you pay more than $ 10 for this you paid too much . It has almost no power at all . The only good uses for this is to keep it in your desk at work or use as a quick fix kit until you can a manicure from a professional or home to your better manicure set . I let my 4 year old use it as a toy , so she can act just like mommy while I use a better kit .
 The grooming kit arrived in great condition . However , the finger-nail clipper began to shed metal shavings during the first use , and quickly failed altogether . I highly suggest that you do not purchase this kit.I personally am much happier with a German-made kit from another company . It cost over twice as much , but the quality is outstanding . Incidentally , Conair has a horrendous reputation quality-wise .
 I just received this product about a week ago and have tried it out every night ... I find that this product was not worth the money , I wont be buying this again .
 I made this purchase based on the many positive reviews I found and because my hair breaks easily . Have tried out other products in the past and try to stick with them for a good period of time in order to give them a chance to do their thing . This one I only used for a short period of time , about a week , and after that I used it on a few scattered occasions until I realized it was a bad product choice for me . Initially I suspected an increase in hair loss/breakage -LRB- I could n't figure which -RRB- but thought it might be my imagination and gave it a few more days . Nothing changed ... I 'd be walking around in short-sleeves and pretty regularly through the day would feel a tickle on an arm , look down , and see a hair laying there . It was happening too frequently for me to feel good about this product , and it was the only styling aid other than shampoo and conditioner that I used . Even when I stopped using it regularly and started using it sporadically , the same thing was happening on the days that I used the product . I admit that I 'm normally aware of some hair shedding , but the rate seemed to accelerate with the Mane 'n Tail so had to can it .
 This color is nothing like the picture . The polish is actually a sheer bluer color . In this picture it comes off as a solid mint/teal color but in reality , it is very light and sheer and is much bluer than the picture .
 I was very disappointed in the shade of this polish . I do n't know why I did n't read the other reviews before purchasing ! The color is definitely blue ... not green at all !
 This product was n't what I expected . It looked like green online but when I got it , it was blueish . Not what I expected .
 My boyfriend said he really liked this scent ; I foolishly bought it without trying it . Too strong for me . If I apply very lightly , it disappears . Wo n't buy again .
 I DO N'T KNOW IF THIS BOTTLE WAS SITTING AROUND FOR A LONG TIME BEFORE IT WAS SENT TO ME WHERE IT LOST IT 'S STRENGTH BUT IT WAS NOT AS GOOD AS THE BOTTLE THAT I BOUGHT AT THE STORE . USUALLY THIS PERFUME IS WONDERFUL BUT THIS ONE JUST DID N'T DO IT FOR ME .
 I was appaled after buying a bottle from Wal-Mart yesterday ! It still is the most gorgeous scent Ive ever smelled but blown away that the scent only lasted less than one hour ! Who would believe someone could marr such a beautiful scent like this and make it out to be as cheap as the Dollar Store products ! Shame on Jovan for watering down the scent ! I wo n't ever waste my hard earned money ever again . BUYER BEWARE !
 I wish I knew what the fuss is about . This perfume is nothing like the scented oils you find in your local health store -LRB- a la Whole Foods -RRB- . Smells like alcohol more than oil , scent quickly disappears & is n't all that pleasant to begin with . I wish I could return it but unfortunately I no longer have the box it came in .
 Bought this thinking it was Jovan Musk because the photo is that of Jovan Musk . Instead got Jovan Woman , NOT the same sent . Will have to give it away cuz I think it stinks .
 I 'VE USED JOVAN MUSK FOR OVER 30 YEARS . THIS DID NOT LAST A WEEK , USUALLY YOU JUST NEED A FEW SPRITZ . I HAD TO ALMOST EMPTY THE BOTTLE THE FIRST TIME TO GET SOME SMELL ON . VERY DISAPPOINTED . SHIPPING WAS PROMPTLY .
 Not the Jovan Musk of years ago ... this is a very light fragrance that does not stay with you very long ... I will use it for a bedtime spray , but not for going out . There was one review that mentioned it was not the original fragrance , I believe them now , and should have paid closer attention to their comments . My Bad !
 This is FAR from smelling like musk , it STINKS , I would NEVER recommend it to anyone !!!! To top it off it ca n't be returned !!!!!
 I ordered this through my iphone so the description of the product was not a full and truthful description . It is NOT Jovan Cologne by Jovan , but by Coty . I 've been wearing this scent , -LRB- the REAL Jovan Cologne by JOVAN -RRB- , since I was 14 years old ; 34 years . So , I KNOW what it looks like , -LRB- packaging and the bottle itself -RRB- , and I did n't even have to take it out of the box it was sent in to know that this is not the REAL JOVAN MUSK COLOGNE by JOVAN . The real one is a square circumfrence bottle and the cap is a square circumfrence , orange cap , which is what was shown through my phone . I also read reviews on this one that I purchased , as well as other reviews from other offers claiming to be the REAL Jovan . The reviews for this particular one , the reviewers never mentioned Coty at all , but that they got the real stuff , as opposed to the other offers for this cologne where the reviewers found they had been duped . I ca n't return it because it is deemed `` Hazardous '' , where this surprises me too because of how it was packaged and shipped . This is the first time I 've come up against this with Amazon and I am disappointed . Amazon is the middle man for these sellers and I would expect that Amazon would expect more truthful descriptions for the sake of Loyal , Long-time Customers , like Myself .
 The tip of this pencil is SOOOO tiny , that the pencil breaks quiet easily . Seriously if you want to apply one eyebrow hair at a time , then this is the product for you.The rest of us are busy , and this takes far too much time . The packaging is cheap ; the plastic covering the other end of the pencil just fell off and wo n't stay on.The color is okay , I usually love Almay products , but this one I regret purchasing .
 As the other reviewer said it does smell like bug spray -LRB- crossed with pickles -RRB- in the beginning . It does smell better after a little while , but not an extraordinary smell by any means , nothing distinctive and that would make you want to rush out and buy another bottle . Generic classic perfume .
 I was suprised at how small the product was when I got it in the mail
 I have been looking for a fragrance that smells like a peony for a while . I rarely send things back , but this was disappointing . Does not smell anything like a peony .
 This has a very harsh smell and does not smell at all like violets . I was very disappointed with this purchase and do not recommend it .
 I thought this would smell like a sweet olive flower , but instead it smells like licorice . Great smell if you love the candy .
 While the products are all as described , the service from Demeter Fragrance Library left much to be desired . I placed an order of 1 full sized cologne spray and two samples . My order came with a free sample which was delightful , except that one sample arrived completely shattered and the sample spray pump did not work . I contacted Demeter Fragrance Library immediately to report the issue and was advised that if I were to return the defective products they would be more than happy to exchange or replace them . I was told I would be refunded for the shipping cost for having to mail my damaged products back to them . This was not the case . While they sent me new products and refunded me for the one item I returned , I was not reimbursed shipping and it took me a week to get a hold of someone at the company who told me that they never reimburse shipping back unless you return the whole order . However , this was not what I was told the first time I called or I would have never sent it back . Now I 'm out more for the shipping than I would have been just for the broken perfume sample . The woman I spoke to basically told me that no one could have possibly told me that I would be refunded unless I shipped the whole order back to them because `` It 's never been that way so I do n't know how that could be possible . '' Way to make your customer feel great . I 'll never place an order with them again . Order from an external website if you must .
 I think I was expecting too much , but this product basically only cleaned the area . You get what you pay for on this one .
 Used this on a new Tens pad , it left a dull finish and now I can not use the pad without it . It may be better to use it when the Tens pad have been used for a while and very little gum is left on it .
 This product does not help with pad adhesion . Moreover , I had trouble with the applicator . It appears to be fancy , overpriced rubbing alcohol . Try another skin preparation product instead . This product is definitely not worth five dollars .
 I purchased this for use with a TENS machine . Hardly any lubrication or gel comes out , due to the sponge like filter on the top . I recommend going with a tube of gel -LRB- I wet with the Parker Spectra 360 Electrode Gel 250 Gram Tube -RRB- .
 Save your money and buy rubbing alcohol . Shame on anyone who charges so much for something that is so little . It really makes you think you need this when you do n't , just use rubbing alcohol on you skin . Did n't help much anyway the pads only lasted 3 uses . I regret this purchase and you will too .
 This product makes my skin extremely itchy ! The electrodes themselves work better ! Do n't waste your money . Just my opinion .
 it doesnt actually do a thing for me , perhaps its because I live in humid FL where the weather is approaching nearly 100degrees and Im just to hot and sticky , maybe better for dryer cliamates .
 With shipping the cost was $ 11 for 2 oz . way higher than what it is worth . I 've found that rubbing alcohol works almost as well for a fraction of the cost .
 item contains 100 % alcoholyou know the kind thats 4.95 a pint at the drug store and at 4.95 whos going to return it when the postage is 4.90 `` CAVET EMPTOR ''
 Do n't waste your money on this overpriced product ! If I had read the reviews before I purchased this I could have saved my money . Use alcohol , it works the same and is so much cheaper .
 This is nothing but a 2oz bottle of non-refillable rubbing alcohol that is squeezed through a plastic mesh . . for $ 6 . You can get a whole liter for $ 1 and rub it on with a q-tip or cloth . $ 6 is a gross overcharge for this , this exact bottle , marketed as zit medication with salicylic acid , which is more expensive than rubbing alcohol , is still only $ 2 . I thought it was gel for the electrode pads .
 The PRODUCT IS NO MOE EFFECTIVE THAN ALCOHOL SWABS . THE APPLICATOR WASTES FLUID . do n't WASTE YOUR MONEY ! RIP OFF ! The product is not worth the free shipping !
 Just buy a bottle of rubbing alcohol and cotton balls , pretty much the same thing . Also , the bottle does n't give off the liquid very well . It was cheap , otherwise I would have been mad .
 I wished i had researched this more before I bought it . I thought it was the GOO that went on the sticky pads for the TENS unit , my mistake , , , , !! This stuff is just overpriced alcohol for cleaning the skin but they make it sound like super great stuff , their mistake , , , , !! I will not make my mistake again .
 I should have read the reviews before ordering . Over six dollars is way too much to spend for two ounces of rubbing alcohol ! Also , it has aluminum in it which has been linked to Alzheimer 's , so I wo n't be using it at all . I really do know better , could kick myself for wasting money .
 I 'm not completely satisfed with this gel ; it 's very thin and also hard to get out of the bottle 's applicator top . I ca n't say I 'm very knowledgable about medical equipment but it 's not what I expected .
 This glorified deodorant is a joke . It does nothing to assist the application of the electric or ems unit . Save your money ! This stuff is a scam .
 I 've used the TENS unit with this solution first and not using it ... . do n't really know the need for this solution ... do n't really think it 's needed ...
 This item is over priced and basically isopropyl alcohol in a designer bottle . Drop into you local shopping center and save yourself some cash by purchasing cottonballs and alcohol to prep for your therapy .
 This product is mostly alcohol , and some `` antiperspirant '' aluminum -LRB- which is a toxic metal to use -RRB- . It 's not worth the price , and not worth the danger of aluminum . Just use alcohol -LRB- rubbing alcohol or vodka -RRB- !
 Not only did this product NOT improve the conductivity of my stimulator , it actually neutralized the pads so that they would no longer stick to the skin , and resulting in having to order new pads .
 NOT CERTAIN WHY I WAS ASKED TO REVIEW THIS PRODUCT SINCE IT WAS NEVER SENT WITH MY ORDER , I ORDERED A TENS UNIT AND IT WAS SUPPOSED TO COME WITH IT BUT I NEVER RECEIVED IT .
 Arrived on time but that 's it . It did not stick well to the electrodes and it dried to quick . Not a good product .
 Well ... I 've never own a babyliss but heard that it 's a great brand in europe . Gave it a try ... it 's nothing like Chi or Hai ... The quality is more similar to revlon or conair . I 'm keeping it because I do n't want to deal with returning . If you 're considering this item ... do some research but you buy . I think there 's a better one out there .
 It seems impossible to find out what ingredients the soap * does * contain . The full list of ingredients is not available on the Nature 's Plus website either .
 This product dried our family 's skin out really bad . So , I would n't recommend it . I really had high hopes for it .
 UPDATE
 I DO NOT like Baby Blue Jeans by Versace for Men at all ... TOO STRONG of a Lemoneey mixed w / Baby Powder type of smell . -LRB- smells like Lemon Pledge u use to clean with -RRB- . I would NOT purchase this again.The only reason why I did was because I wanted to TRY it out and the Price was good at around $ 13 bucks on Amazon.I would suggest you PASS on this one.You will not be satisfied ... I was n't anywayIf you do n't believe me ... try for yourself ! ; -RRB- P. S . If you want to try a decent cologne by Versace go with BLUE JEANS ... thats a classic and its a decent price on Amazon at around $ 20 for a 2.5 oz bottle .
 I purchased this at more than half off , and never liked it . It pulled my hair and did n't glide through my hair like the FHI I have -LRB- which is great -RRB- . It felt really rough on my hair and I would not recommend it .
 I bought this mirror a few months ago and reviewed it I believe directly to the vender . I found this mirror too small to be of any use if one stood it on a dressing table . I was unable to comb my hair or put on make up using both hands . If I had to use this mirror it would have to be hand held , not much larger than a compact . Perhaps I made a mistake when I viewed it on the computer and thought it much bigger than it is . Would not recommend it to anyone , unless they just wanted a hand held mirror and then why not just use a compact mirror . Sorry ...
 No he comprado este producto . Por lo tanto no puedo emitir juicios al respecto . Espero que puedan solventar este error .
 I was suprised at how small the product was when I got it in the mail
 I received this perfume wrapped in some tacky newspaper which I did n't care for . The box the perfume came in looked like it was old , and the product was not like the one I had seen and tried several times in a department store .
 This can not be the real thing . The scent does n't last 5 minutes . What a waste of $ 50.00 . I am so disappointed .
 A reviewer states they changed the formula and there are several recent negative reviews so this may be correct . I have dry skin and I use a tea tree serum . I could not use this due to high alcohol content . I was disappointed as I was expecting a reasonably gentle product , especially given others ' glowing reviews . I would not even recommend this for people with oily skin . Way too much alcohol ! And the pads are also rough like paper.PS
 I was excited to try these cleansing pads because I love tea tree oil-based products ... but unfortunately , this is an alcohol-based product ! The pad made my skin burn and my eyes sting , and to top it all off , it completely dried out my rather oily skin and made me break out . Avoid this product - it is no good !
 2 stars because it is natural and might be right for a different skin type - I have combination skin.It 's interesting to note that the second ingredient in this product is alcohol . This is very apparent when you apply this product on the face . As soon as the pad got close to my face , I had difficulty breathing because of the strong alcohol AND tea tree scent . Not only that , but the fumes also irritated my eyes . I had to close my eyes to finish wiping my face with the cleansing pad.Your facial skin is one of the most sensitive areas on your body . Something this strong is not good for it . It left my skin parched . my t-zone more oily than before and my cheeks flaking .
 I bought this mainly for the tea tree oil , because I thought its easier and more convenient than mixing tea tree oil and lotion at home . But after reading the ingredients , one of the main ones is alcohol , and the bad drying type Denatured alcohol . I was surprised and very disappointed . This ingredient will cause dryness and irritation and make acne much worse . I will not be using these pads and I recommend you be careful before you do , especially if you have dry skin and fighting acne .
 I have used the tea tree oil cleansing pads and fell in love ! My skin was never as clear as it was while using this amazing product ! When it came time to reorder , I ordered 2 knowing that I would definitely use them all up . The problem is , when the product arrived , it was in a new package . This jar was white whereas my old trusted product came in a brown jar with brown lid and green label . I figured that it must be the same product only in a different packaging ... WRONG !!!!!!!! The pads were dried out , the smell was different , and there was no tingle on my face telling me it was working . I compared the ingredients from the old packaging , and found slight variations but the end product is completely different in my opinion . I need to find the old product again in the old packaging . I will be contacting the seller .
 I bought this because it has tea tree oil in it . I applied it on my face since i have blemishes . And since i have back pain , it 's hard to was my face . I bought this , thinking , all i 'll have to do is wipe my face -LRB- sitting down -RRB- . But oh my goodness ! The smell is so strong ! I could n't even open my eyes -LRB- Of course , i did n't apply it on my eyes !!! -RRB- . I just threw the whole thing out ! All i have to say is buyers , beware !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I have been using this product for a few months . It is a good natural alternative to all of those cleansing towelettes that are on the market . The ingredients are much better for your skin than the other cleansers out there . I have n't noticed any difference in my breakouts but these pads remove face makeup . The reason I only gave two stars is because of the problems that I have had with the company . I highly suggest that you buy these in a store versus buying them with -LSB- ... -RSB- . I never received my order and sent many unanswered emails to ask what happened . After my fourth email within 2 months I finally received a reply saying they would look into the problem . It has been 2 weeks since that reply and I still have not heard back . If only this company had better customer service .
 I was using this product along with Desert Essence Daily Essence Facial Moisturizer -LSB- ... -RSB- and at first , I noticed that I felt a bit of a burn and discomfort from both products . I tried using the products separately as well as together , and thought that maybe it was normal . However , after a few days of using this product , I ended up getting a severe burn all over my face , and broke out into a very painful rash.It started out as just a prickly pink , then went itchy and red , and eventually broke out into a severe burn , and was extremely painful and peeled for several days . It took weeks for my skin to stop feeling sensitive and raw.I 'm not sure why my face reacted this way , but I 'm really sad that it did , because I had been searching high and low for an all natural facial product , and all of my searching on Amazon pointed to this .
 I am 53 , and have had very oily skin all of my life , but it has never been overly sensitive . When I saw alcohol in the ingredients , I was n't concerned , because for four decades I have been using products - from many brands - with alcohol as a main ingredient , and I 've never experienced a problem . When I went to use it for the first time , I discovered the fumes from the alcohol were so overpowering I literally could not draw a breath , and when I did it was more of a gasp . I let the pad air out for about 30 seconds , wich helped some , and I was able to apply it to my skin . Afterwards , my skin did n't feel cleansed , so much as stripped . I decided to give it a try anyway , since not much bothers my skin , but after a few days , my skin began to break out . I think the problem may be that the alcohol is grain alcohol , also known as moonshine , and it 's too harsh to use on skin . Maybe next time I 'll try something with witch hazel .
 Desert Essence Facial Cleansing Pads are very rough on facial skin , it felt like sand paper ! They are also have a very strong , chemical type smell . A far superior facial cleasning pad is the `` Yes To Cucumbers Face Cleanser Towelettes '' , found in Target stores in the Natural Beauty section . They are bigger -LRB- about the size of a wash cloth -RRB- and gentle on your skinYes To Cucumbers Face Cleanser Towelettes - 30ct .
 I kept breaking out ! I would n't recommend this . Try the cleansing pads from Say Yes To Tomatoes . They actually work !
 I was not aware that the product contained alcohol . The smell is very strong . This product really dried out my skin and made my skin peel . I am not please with this product at all and will not be purchasing again . I was told that I could add more green tea if I chose to , but I preferred not to . The product should be able to preform the task its suppose to without add ins .
 POOR QUALITY ; LOTION VERY OLD HAS TURNED INTO WATER/GLYCERIN ... NO FRAGRANCE ANY LONGER ... WO N'T BUY FROM THIS SELLER AGAIN .
 Ordered the dual zip & velcro opening Danielle Enterprises Monaco BLACK travel kit and received a FOREST GREEN one . This item was for a gift and I needed it within days of its arrival . After calling amazon customer service , I was ASSURED that it was a mistake and that my gift recipient would receive a BLACK one if I reordered the item and had it shipped directly to the recipient . My recipient received another FOREST GREEN TRAVEL KIT . Although he says that he is happy with the green one and will be keeping it , it does not match his black luggage and it is NOT what I selected for his gift . I am very unhappy with this amazon order.The opening of the bag itself is wide , which is good for finding items inside and getting them in & out easily . The 3 plastic compartments are somewhat cheaply constructed , but overall it is a good size and shape . Would be happy with the item if it were the appropriate color .
 but the price these guys are charging is twice retail , and when you add on shipping - three times retail.You can do better .
 This is a complete waste of money unless you live in a 3rd world country with no access to soap & water . It leaves a sticky residue behind , with the consistency of slime mold . If you can stand having slime on your hands , this is good for you . I 'll stick to good old soap & water .
 I got this mainly because I walk a LOT and have a spot on both heels that has blistered over and over and is very thick and I wanted to get it down to soft skin . Short of using an orbital sander , I thought I 'd try a tool like this , but it really is n't meant for tough callouses . You ca n't put ANY pressure on it , or the spinning disc will stop . So , now I just have very smooth , shiny thick spots on my heels , which was n't really my aim.I would have given it the minimum # of stars , but the pumice sponge and lotion in the kit is actually pretty nice . But you can probably buy those separately for less money .
 It is not often that I offer a negative review but this compilation while attractive does not deliver at all.The foot massage gizmo is awkward and uncomfortable.The pumice stone leaves rough splinter like skin.The foot scrub does n't reall scrub.The rotary action tool has five heads , none of which work well and you must hold the switch in place or it turns off . It is cumbersome and ineffective.The one star was initially given for a foot brush -LRB- which later lost its bristles very easily as I update the review -RRB- and a sweet smelling foot repair balm.Don ' t waist your money . Soak your feet and invest in an inexpensive German Titania file , smooth and coarser side , or a like product . It will last for years .
 I liked the set -- especially the battery-powered buffer . It worked really well , and the tea tree lotion and scrub were also nice . HOWEVER , the buffer is not well constructed . The switch did not work unless I held it in place , and after only the second time I used it , it died completely . I tried changing the batteries thinking maybe it used a lot of power , but nothing . Very disappointing as it did a good job of buffing off dead skin.I read another review on the Bed , Bath , and Beyond website by another person who had the same experience with the buffing tool . After 30 minutes , it died forever .
 I did not like this lip gloss at all . It was heavy , sticky , and uncomfortable to wear . On a windy day my hair would blow and stick to my lips - that 's how bad this is . Nice scent , pretty color but the consistency was terrible .
 The Vicky Tiel Sirene product displayed in the ad was golden in color yet when I received the bottle it was pink and the ingredients had red 33 which I do n't want in my purfume . I sprayed the pink on one arm and the old bottle of golden color Siren and the pink bottle seemed to be watered down and not have as much smell . I tried to return the bottle but could n't because it is classified as a hazardous/flammable material and ca n't be returned . Not sure how a product is OK to ship to me but not OK for me to ship it back to them . There should have been a notice on the product description that it could n't be returned and the product advertisement should have showed a pink bottle if that is what they were selling.After writing this review , I contacted customer service about this issue and they immediately took care of the issue and I was very satisfied with the resolution . I will definately buy from Amazon again because they do have good customer service when there is a problem .
 It looks like a a leather type product , but upon arrival , I was very disappointed to see it . It 's made of some cheap plastic that can be easily torn . At the same time , you can expect much , since it was very cheap . Spend a little more and get something nicer . I threw mine away .
 It 's a confusing website . The website clearly states that two tubes , 3 ounces each will be received for a total of six ounces . Instead , I got one 3 ounce tube . I did get a refund.Cetaphil Therapeutic Hand Cream 3 Ounce
 The cream is wonderful , but the description on Amazon is misleading . The description reads 2/3oz which seems to indicate you will receive two tubes of the 3oz cream with each order , but you only receive one tube .
 I wish the seller would have listed the product ingredients because , I would not have ordered it if I had known that the first two ingredients are Petroleum and , the next ingredient is mineral oil . BIG NO NO because , these two products are the worst things that you can put on your hair because , they do not really absorb into the hair shaft therefore it never fixes the dryness in your hair but , gives you a false shine . It is hard to wash out of your hair and , off your hands . TOO GREASY . I will not ever buy it again .
 Omg , I ca n't get this out of my hair , I washed it 10 times and with washing up liquid and still it wo n't come out.I 'm so annoyed ! How can this be good ? X
 I purchased the Mane 'n Tail Herbal Gro Maximum thinking it would be deep-conditioning and enriching , leaving my hair fortified , soft and luscious , but I was in for a surprise.Because the main ingredient is petroleum instead of conditioning oils , it left my hair greasy and unmanageable . Maybe it works for horses hair -LRB- if you need some grease to make things stick -RRB- but I would n't recommend it for people 's hair to make it grow . No siree .
 i was reallllly hopeful about this product - but seriously , it has the consistency of petroleum jelly!ewwwwww ... i followed the directions exactly - but my hair was so greasy and sticky i seriously had to wash it out with dish soap . :-LRB- -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- i am not exaggerating - this has the texture of Crisco shortening .
 I did not get this item !!!! I spend around one month to wait my order for this creme and ... nothing ...
 it reeks of yankee candle . the only redeeming quality of this is how darn pretty the bottle is ... and because amazon classifies this as a `` flammable '' or potentially hazardous product , you ca n't get a refund.give it to your grandma or your worst enemy .
 The leather had a moth ball kind of smell that would not air out even after a few days . Because of this and quality of the item being less than I expected I returned the travel bag .
 Unless you want your house , towels , and hands to reek of a sharp floral scent , stay away from this soap . I say this as a person who is not typically bothered by perfume , but this soap by Dove is loaded with scent which lingers for a long time . Total waste of money .
 I am usually satisfied with inexpensive finds and was excited to find an inexpensive leather dopp bag but now I wish I 'd either gotten a serviceable cloth bag or waited until I could get a nice leather dopp . The bag gets 2 stars for being perfect usable , but it 's a real eye sore and I wish I had n't bought it . The leather does n't look worn in a cool way , it looks cheap or damaged , as if the bag is made from leather rejected by a better manufacturer or damaged by a tanning process gone wrong . It also has a terrible texture . If you want a dopp with the class of leather I hate to say it but learn from my mistake and keep looking .
 The actual kit is not bad , the size and functionality is nice . However the material does n't look distressed like in the picture , it looks more used and old . I had to send it back .
 BEWARE !!! Although this is labeled on Amazon as perfume . This is lotion . I tried to cancel the order when I discovered this on the auto-confirm from amazon - which has it listed as lotion . I was too late to change it . I am not happy with Amazon right now . Hopefully they will change this before someone else orders it .
 I purchased the bare escentuals mineral foundation and LOVE it ! Naturally , I thought I would get the brush designed for the product , and was really disappointed . The bristles are loose and somewhat coarse . I figured the bristles would be super luxurious and soft , and that it would be a tighter grouping , so as to apply the product a little heavier . Returning this item .
 When brush arrived , the top metal portion that holds the bristles together had come unglued from the wood handle . I glued it back together instead of dealing with the hassle of returning or exchanging it .
 So upset I used this brush 2 times and it fell apart . I have purchased this item before directly from bare minerals and had no issues with that product .
 Got this in the starter kit and it sheds leaving single strands in my makeup compact , blushes and allover my face and clothes . Not really worth purchasing . It works OKAY but not great as it is poorly made .
 I 'm not a fan at all of Bare Escentual brushes . They always feel harsh on my skin , shed like nobodys business and I tend to get poor coverage from them as a result . So generally I go buy brushes from the body shop instead . This is especially true of their kabuki brush , so if you hate that one I suggest you pick upThe Body Shops version , you 'll be much happier with it.The exception is their maximum coverage concealer brush . That brush is why their brushes get two stars instead of one , because they have never impressed me.Pros -- Their concealer brushCons -- Almost all of their other brushes are average or poor when compared to Grocery store brushes -LRB- to be fair there are some that I have n't tried -RRB- - Shed a lot - Are very poky and often hurt to use - Do n't give you even coverage
 this brush would take me and hour to apply a full face of foundation with . its not the normal sized one its about 4 inches long ... you can get a full sized one on amazon for the same price . dont waste your time or money
 If you actually expect to get your product after ordering and paying for it , then dont order here !!
 I purchased a set of brushes as a backup for when I clean the first set I got -LRB- handi buki , flawless face and full coverage face -RRB- . These brushes were not the same as the ones I purchased from the Bare Escentuals section at Ulta the week before . The handi buki is smaller , hard and the bristles do shed like made . The other two brushes are also harder and shed a lot in comparison to the brushed purchased in store . None of them apply the product as well as the good ones . It did not apply the foundation nearly as well as the original . It is horrible . I will go to Ulta and purchase a new proper set so I wasted my money here.The name printed on the side of these brushes is id Bare Escentuals . The GOOD brushes bought in store do not have the `` id '' on them . This makes me wonder if these brushes are not genuine?FYI the real BE brushes available at Ulta are fantastic .
 All the bristles fall out all over the place from the moment I bought it . REALLY annoying ! I would n't waste your money on this . It 's junk .
 ok the reson is that when i first used this brush some of the fibers were all of my face i love the look and size but why are the fibers coming loose
 The skin on my face has been hurting . I thought I had too much sun , or using the wrong new SPF lotion . After reading these reviews , I realize the brush from BARE ESCENTUALS is the culprit . My skin feels raw and it hurts when I wash it.I am very disappointed with the quality of the brush .
 This was a total waste of money - I 've had it a week and the bristles are falling out all over the place . I thought maybe it would get better after a few days , but no luck . I do n't know - perhaps this is not the real thing because the first Bare Minerals brush I owned -LRB- that I replaced with this one -RRB- was fine for almost a year before it started shedding .
 I love bareMinerals and their makeup has changed my life , but this brush , made me change my clothes after using it ! There were bristles ALL over me and my shirt . I had to bend over to apply the wonderful foundation in the hopes of it not shedding all over my chest and shirt . I do not recommend this brush , however , the foundation and makeup are marvelous !
 I already own a mineral brush -LRB- Lancome ... highly recommended -RRB- when I got this brush , but it came with the Bare Escentuals starter pack that I bought at the mall . With that being said , I have n't used the bare escentuals brush all that often -LRB- never two days in a row -RRB- since I love my Lancome brush so much . Two days ago I used my Bare Escentuals brush two days in a row . I broke out all over my face . It kept getting progressively worse over the course of the two days . My skin felt hot to the touch and it felt like I had a bad sunburn . I thought back to what I had done differently in my routine and the only thing I kept coming back to was the brush . First off , it feels VERY rough on my skin . I 'm not sure what everyone is talking about when they say it 's the softest brush they have ever used . It feels terrible ; very uncomfortable . Perhaps it 's just my sensitive skin . I have never had a problem in all of my 18 years of using make-up brushes , though . So after some research on the internet , I found out that the brush is made of goat hair . I have terrible allergies , especially to animal hair . So ... if you have allergies/sensitivities to animal hair/fur , do not use this brush . I just wish I would have known that before I used the brush .
 I was very excited to receive this item to give my girlfriend , and when she opened the package it was BROKEN ! Returning the item now !
 Pros : Good for blush or bronzorCons : ScratchyDid n't retain shape after washingDoes n't deposit enough foundationThis came in the starter kit I got as a gift and it sucks . I only use it for blush , which it actually distributes well . It distributes the power foundation terribly . The only reason why it got a 2 is because it actually got softer after I washed it so it was n't nearly as scratchy , but it did lose some of its shape
 This foundation brush is just not for me . When the representative at Macy 's put the foundation on my face with this brush my face felt itchy and I did n't know why . So I bought the $ 60 starter kit for my sister for Christmas and I tried the brush on my fce without foundation and it just is n't as soft as I want and it made my face itch . It 's fine for my sister who I bought it for . Idk maybe I just have sensitive skin and need really soft stuff . I use ecotools and they r uber soft and do n't bother my skin .
 Totally not worth it . The brush sheds and its just overall feels like a ripe off . Please do not purchase this brush . It really sucks !
 Before buying this I purchased the same one in the store . It was a great brush and I was sad when I lost it . It was so expensive in the store and cheaper on amazon . But the one I purchased from amazon is nothing like the one from the store . It fell apart so easily and was very hard on my skin .
 The Full Flawless Face Brush fell apart from the handle as soon as I took it out of the package .
 I purchased a set of brushes as a backup for when I clean the first set I got -LRB- handi buki , flawless face and full coverage face -RRB- . These brushes were not the same as the ones I purchased from the Bare Escentuals section at Ulta the week before . The handi buki is smaller , hard and the bristles do shed like made . The other two brushes are also harder and shed a lot in comparison to the brushed purchased in store . None of them apply the product as well as the good ones . It did not apply the foundation nearly as well as the original . It is horrible . I will go to Ulta and purchase a new proper set so I wasted my money here.The name printed on the side of these brushes is id Bare Escentuals . The GOOD brushes bought in store do not have the `` id '' on them . This makes me wonder if these brushes are not genuine?FYI the real BE brushes available at Ulta are fantastic .
 I 've had 3 of those brushes , and I ended up throwing all of them away . My skin is very sensitive and applying fondation equalled deep exfoliation for me . My skin would burn for a few hours after applying Bare Minerals on my face . I switched to the Mary Kay brush a few days ago , and it 's night and day . In additionto being as rough as boar hair , they also shed and get messy .
 I absolutely LOVE all of the other Inis fragrances . But this one was terrible . It 's nothing like the others -LRB- clean , fresh , soft floral , or ocean-like -RRB- . It is way overpowering and frankly smells like bad body odor with powder under it . If you like the overpowering perfumes , then maybe you 'll like this . But I highly recommend trying to smell a sample first . In all my life , I 've never met a man who would like to smell this on a woman . It 's been many years since I smelled Poison or Opium , but I think they were this way . I just want to warn others out there given that it is nothing at all like other Inis fragrances .
 Love some of this company 's fragrances , i.e. , Inis Energy of the Sea , so thought I 'd branch out and try others by them . Saw a favorable review , so chose to try this one . AWFUL ! Definitely wo n't order this again !!!
 The product is dark for a `` light '' based concealer , it goes on too thick and does not cover dark circles very well . Had to let it set and then repeat which by lunch time left a mess under my eyes.I will use my store brand stick which is goes on as `` light '' , is smooth and covers in one application .
 I bought these to meet the $ 25 minimum for free shipping . Even though these only cost me a couple of bucks , I regret making this purchase because I could 've bought something of a better quality for less.I use these to apply toner . They begin to tear as soon as I apply friction and rub the pad gently against my face . These pads are quilted , and in-between each section of cotton is thin paper that , when wet , tears extremely easily . It 's like they made these pads not knowing that people would wet them with a substance and rub it against their skin ; that 's what cotton pads are for ! At the end of the day , they do get the job done , but it 's annoying trying to hold a shredded pad together as I 'm trying to rub it against my face to apply toner . Never again .
 These pads are thin & tear apart easily . They are completely useless . Buy a name brand . Better yet , go to the Dollar Store . That 's what I should have done in the first place . You will get a better product there .
 I read to reviews on this poduct before purchasing it . It did n't live up to the hype . In all fairness maybe I have too much gray . The little comb is difficult to use , and if you 're not careful you 'll end up with spots of obvious color on your scalp . I would not reccomend this to anyone .
 I ordered the ColorMark product at the suggestion of my hair stylist , to touch up a few * ahem * silver roots . It took FOREVER to get it -LRB- maybe a tactic so that I will need more ? -RRB- , and when it finally arrived , it was the Auburn , NOT Dark Brown . The reciept stated their ridiculous return policy -LRB- something like it must be returned within 14 days , unopened , etc -RRB- , but their was NO information ANYWHERE about how or where to return it . There was no phone number , website , address , nada !! So in a moment of sheer desperation just days before my upcoming dye job , I used it anyway . The product worked well and was easy to use ... my reddish roots looked a bit strange , but it was better than gray . I REALLY want one in MY color , but I dare not waste another $ 20 . Boooo !
 After reading some of the other reviews , I purchased this product . The concept is a great idea but the application process is difficult . The applicator does n't make sense . It 's like dabbing a QTip in dye and trying to place it on the area you are trying to cover . It 's messy and for the price , there is very little product in the bottle . I would not purchase this product again . If you are looking for a product that WORKS , I then tried Clairol 's Root Touch Up . It 's easy to apply , you can buy it at your local pharmacy and it 's half the price plus you do n't have to pay for shipping !!!!!! Here is the link . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I think that most of the color in my tube had dried up . The color was good and it was easy to apply . There just was n't much in the tube .
 I happen to love Opium and have been wearing it for many , many years . I received the perfume a few days ago , and was I disappointed . I applied the fragrance and it did not smell like it was suppose to . I believe it was a knock-off . Amazon would not refund my money , nor would the seller . So , buyer beware !!
 So here is the deal , I 'm in love with this product , but not the price tag . Being the educated and research driven student I am I decided to check around for prices . Some of the prices on Amazon.com are actually MORE expensive than directly from Aveda themselves . Go figure . Do some homework before buying and make sure you are n't paying more than you need to !
 I ususally use Matrix Amplify -LRB- loyal user -RRB- , but decided to try this.After using it twice , it made my hair flat and greasy . I used it with the shampoo , and was very dissatisfied.I would throw it out , but my guests seem very impressed !
 I thought at these prices Aveda products would be great , but I 'm not impressed . I do n't see any difference in my hair between using this conditioner and the $ 3.99 conditioner I get at Trader Joe 's . This one smells kind of nice , but upon close inspection , you 'll see that most of the fragrance comes from isolates , i.e. chemical constituents that make up essential oils , such as linalool found in lavender , geraniol in geranium , etc. . These may be natural or synthetic , most likely the latter . Wo n't be spending this king of money again .
 This product used to work great , I am very disapointed ! I used to be able to use it once or twice to get the color I want , and now I have to use it all the time , and I still ca n't get my hair light enough , it seems to just stop lightening after it gets a certain color !
 Ive been doing hair for years , when you use this in your hair . Its really horrible , If you do . Go to a professional . If you color/perm/relax your hair . This stuff will make ur hair melt off ...
 It took me ALL summer just to make my hair a TINY bit lighter . It did bring out all the red and blonde tones by the end , though , but it 's not noticeable -LRB- none of my friends commented on it until I told them . THEN they noticed . -RRB- It also dried up my hair and give me awful split ends . Do NOT recommend this .
 I am 49 years old and was looking for a more gentle product for cleansing . I have sent an e-mail to Jean D'Aveze explaining that I was a huge fan of a gentle cleaning product they had in the 1990 's called Soins Regenerscents Creme Nettoyonte Douce Gentle Cream Cleanser -LRB- water soluble -RRB- and I was hoping against hope this product was similar . This cleansed and left your skin relaxed and calm not rosy!I just find Gentle Facial Gel a bit rough , though as cleaners go it is a good product compare to cheaper ones.I have Roscea and while I use the Douceur De Teint Stop Au Rougeurs to reduce this high colouring I think the Gentle facial gel with plant extracts takes away from the good work the Douceur De Teint has done !
 This fragrace does not live up to the original purchase in Paris . It has hardly any scent ! I will not purchase this again from you .
 I have been wearing Rive Gauche exclusively and daily since 1974 . This product is a bootleg . Not only is it not what it purports to be , it smells like lawn chemicals . To their credit , Amazon gave me a prompt refund but I would have been even happier if they had removed the product from their site .
 Whether this particular bottle has sat around for too long , or it 's actually a knock-off and NOT Yves St-Laurent 's `` Rive Gauche '' I do n't know , but it has essentially no fragrance . A minute after spraying it -- nothing . I have used and loved this particular fragrance off and on for 30 years , and it has become increasingly difficult to find in stores , so I was happy to find it reasonably priced on-line . Ordering from this company was a big mistake .
 I ordered this parfume spray as a gift and it wasn , t the original . I purchased the original so many times from the department stores . Even the box was fake . Iam very dissappointed . Thanks ...
 I first tried YSL Rive Gauche many years ago and fell in love with it . Its unique fragrance haunted me and I used it for years . Then I somehow steered away from it until recently . I read the professional reviews and was aware of its 2003 reformulation under creatve direction by Tom Ford . I was also aware , from the reviews , that the Rive Gauche Intense stayed truer to the original formulation . I bought Rive Gauche Intense and was not dissapointed . When the bottle ran out , I decided to try Rive Gauche next . I can not tell you how dissapointed I was . There was a barely visible ghost of the original fragrance , a mediocrity , not a trace of its bold originality and character that drew me to it many years ago . It is a shame ! My recommendation is to stay away from this disgraceful reformulation and try Rive Gauche Intense instead .
 where is this bottle of Rive Gauche made?if China , or Asia , you know it 's a bootleg.will Amazon tell us , where it 's made?don ' t hold your breath .
 My hair got so heavy and dull with this shampoo that I looked like a different person . I felt like I had a helmet on all the time and probably looked like I did , too ! What a waste of money ! I switched to Biolage which got bounce back into my hair .
 I was suprised at how small the product was when I got it in the mail
 I really got robbed ... literally . This smells like a cheap $ 10 walmart cologne ... Would never buy cologne online ... Buyer Beware ... unless you like the funky cheap smell ...
 The product was shipped to me with a taped cap . I did n't think anything of it until when I started to use it . I still had some of of previous purchased product from another seller so it took time before I opened this one . The product was watery and I was told by a salon stylish that the product was either defective or outdated . The seller was unwilling to resolve this issue for me since the purchase date was elapsed for their return policy .
 I used this product for a while and found that my face , neck , and ears began to burn and turn red . I stopped using it weeks ago , but I still am suffering from itching and burning on my face , neck , and ears . I regret ever having used this product .
 ON THE FIRST USE IT TURNED MY -LRB- COLOR TREATED GOLDEN BLONDE -RRB- HAIR GREEN ! NOT A SHOCK I CARE TO REPEAT ! MAYBE IT 'S JUST ME .
 I ordered this product from a seller on Amazon -LRB- Khanh Hoang Mai -RRB- to only find out that it was either watered down or mixed with another solution . I say this because I bought the same exact product from Smart Styles in Walmart and it was very strong and creamy and now my hair has shine and body since purchasing from Smart Styles .
 I was told takes awhile help hair grow in ... been using it few months no change . Dont order number 3 it is for color treated hair it has pppermint fragrance to it and burns your eyes while in shower and still after rinsed off . ... burns my eyes
 Following a surgery I had a lot of hair loss due to stress to the system and harsh medicines in the hospital and after care . My hair dresser noticed the problem with my hair and recommended this product . I 've always trusted her opinion and decided to give it a try.I just finished my first bottle of daily use . I do n't see any difference in the amount of hair I see in the drain after I wash my hair , nor do I notice any additional fullness in . In addition to lack of perceptible results I do n't like the smell -LRB- medicine-like somewhat minty smell , reminded me of mouthwash -RRB- . And it is expensive!I just finished the first bottle and it will be my last.Ali Julia review
 I do n't believe this is the real product . My hair is beginning to fall out after use . It is not the same product , the real cleanser 3 is pearly , this is clear . Also , the label on the front is pasted on . Manufacturer on the back says Wella Corporation and made in Mexico . That is not on my ` real ' bottle . Not happy with this purchase .
 I have been using products from Nioxin 's for over 10 years though always purchased from reputable beauty salons . Nixion delivers a quality product line that works . The reason for this review is to alert the buyer to use caution before purchasing this hair product from online -LRB- unknown -RRB- vendors.Due to my busy schedule this past month , I purchased Nioxin , Cleaner , 3 , from one of Amazon 's distributors . After receiving it , I questioned the authenticity of it . The bottle labeling seemed a little strange and the quality and smell was off.Today , I purchased another bottle from the local beauty salon . And , was instantly validated that the online product was in deed an imitation .
 The problem is Proctor and Gamble , not the vendors . Proctor and Gamble moved the production to Mexico after buying Nioxin Research Laboratories and closing Georgia plant.They changed the ingredients lists of the products , removing important plant extracts . I used Nioxin for many years but now it 's completely different product.They are ruining the great brand .
 I returned it , because it is a cheap knock-off of the original Nioxin . It is not made by Nioxin . It is a watered down version with different ingredients .
 I have been using this product for about a month and see no results , except it made my hair very dull . I would never buy again.It does suds well and you use very little , but no results .
 I specifically searched the Amazon website looking for the gold cap Nioxin shampoo . If your vendor sells black cap made in Mexico product , that is what should be pictured . There is a big difference in these products - - gold cap made in USA smells better , and works better . Really feel ripped off over this !!!
 I tried this new formula cleanser and absolutely hate it . It made my hair flat and extremely hard to manage ... an amazing amount of static . Is this formula change because P&G bought out the company ? Anyway , I am running around the internet hoarding bottles of the original , wonderful , made in the USA , gold cap version that I 've used for years . Do n't know what I 'll do when I run out of that !?!
 My hair dresser recommended this product . I 've always trusted her opinion and decided to give it a try . I just finished my first bottle of daily use . I do n't see any difference in the amount of hair I see in the drain after I wash my hair . I do n't like the smell -LRB- slight medicine-like smell , reminded me of mouthwash -RRB- . And it is expensive!I just finished the first bottle and it will be my last .
 I 've been using this item for about 3 weeks now and have noticed ZERO positive results !!! The only thing that I have noticed is that it made my hair very oily the next day and just seemed to clog the hair follicle.Yes it stopped the fall out BUT as soon as I washed my hair with a different shampoo to remove the buildup , it ended up falling out anyways . Was an absolute WASTE OF MONEY ! I would never recommend this product to anyone . Wish I never bought it ... especially for $ 20 !!!!
 I 've bought this product from Amazon before but perhaps from a different vendor . Anyway , when I opened the box , some portion have already been spilled insid the box as there was no seal on the cap which was not the case w / my previous purchase of this product . Then it makes me wonder if this product was legit or not .
 I will not be ordering this product again from this vendor GKC Enterprises - It says Nioxin 3 but it is not put out by Nioxin Laboratories - It is put out by Wella and the product doesn not have the same color or container I have before ? I am not sure it is Nioxin
 I have fine hair that dries fast , but these turbans do not dry it at all . When I take my hair down , it is as wet as when I put it up .
 I always wrap my hair in an extra towel - so I thought this product would be perfect for me . All in all , I was not wowed . It 's a pretty average product . I like that it 's less bulky than a normal towel -LRB- and is much lighter to pack in a suitcase -RRB- . And the pull-through loop does make it more secure ... although the result is a bizarre/goofy-looking head wrap that I wo n't be flaunting . Also , it does NOT fulfill the advertisement . It is definitely not more absorbent than your average towel . It also takes a VERY long time to dry . I wanted to test this so I wet the towel , wrung it out completely , and hung it in my 70 degree apartment -- after 8 hours it was still damp !! Not what I was hoping for . If you 're looking for a towel to wrap your head , I suggest the Eagle Creek travel towel instead -LRB- in sizes from Small to XL -RRB- . It 's made for camping/backpacking/traveling so it 's super-lightweight , very absorbent , and dries like a champ -LRB- besides being the softest travel towel I 've found -RRB- . I prefer the Eagle Creek travel towel to any Turbie Twist . However , the Turbie Twist is still semi-functional so I give it 2 stars .
 This is an example of `` You get what you paid for '' ... I have ordered 5 of them . My family loves this cologne.All of these fragrance sprays came without a boxes , look like a samplers and smell is little off!I will never buy from this seller again.Items was sent to me by `` 5 star supply `` PS
 I bought assuming it would smell similar to their classic hair product lines as I really love the smell of their pomade , shampoo , body wash , etc. . If that 's what your expecting , this product is n't for you as it has a totally different scent . As a fragrance in it own it was nothing special and a little strong for my taste .
 This stuff is pretty much a waste of money . I do n't know what it was supposed to do but it did n't soften or even detangle my hair . I got about half way through the bottle and decided to buy something else . This is now in the guest bathroom .
 I have only used this a few times , but already know it is n't going to work because I wo n't use it again . Every time I wash my hair with this conditioner it leaves my hair lifeless , dull and strips it of it 's body . I am very disappointed and am going to try to return it since I still have a full bottle that I wo n't be using .
 I ordered Biotin shampoo ahd conditioner at the same time , and I was very surprised that conditioner came seperate two weeks later than shampoo . I bought another shampoo and conditioner of course.Conditioner was wrapped good , but when I opened it , there was a mess . Conditioner all over the bottle.I 'm very dissapointed with this order !
 The order itself arrived at the estimated time , packing was perfect but ... the downside was the product itself . I 've used this silk infusion for 5 years and I worship this product ! What came in this bottle had a thinner , watery consistency , it smelled old , was a darker color -LRB- almost like urine -RRB- and it did nothing for my hair .
 For the first few weeks or so of using this product , I was really pleased with the results . After a while , it left so much build-up on everything I used ... My flat iron had a disgusting brown film around the edges and even my hair started feeling dirty ... I would only use a dime sized amount and I have long hair . Even washing my hair a few times would n't get it as clean as it should have been . Needless to say , I 've stopped using this product .
 I ordered Chi Silk Infusion from Instant Beauty Supply . It appears that this product is not the real thing -LRB- I was warned by Farouk Systems , but chose to purchase online through Amazon anyway -RRB- . It is watered down and does not have the same aroma as the true Chi product . I will never purchase anything from this vendor again .
 I bought this product just to give it a try and I did not like it . I will not be buying this product again because it did not soften my hair like the biosilk silk therapy serum did . Biosilk is alot better .
 I started using this product a year ago and was amazed with the results ! I didnt have much complain about my hair but was using it to improve its quality and add extra shine and softness during straightening . Well , I stopped using it at the begining of the summer then purchased it again because my hair was in bad condition -LRB- dryness -RRB- . So , all pumped up and excited to get back to it , I exprienced the biggest disappointment . I realized it was drying out my hair and didnt give it any shine even after flat iron . I honestly dont know why this had happened , but considering my second try , I do not recommend this product . By the way , I have fine , slightly wavy hair with a frizzy and dry section on top
 I bought this product thinking that it would be better than Biosilk ... boy was i wrong ... i used a tiny drop it made my hair greasy ... the biosilk makes my hair shiney and soft ! I would never buy this product again !!!! Biosilk is the WAY TO GO !
 I bought this to try out at my local drug-store on a whim because it was a clearance item at about half of the amazon-listed price . I have relatively dry and sensitive skin , and as such I was attracted by the bottle 's claim that it is `` sensitive '' facial cleanser.Positives
 I am somewhat unsure about this cleanser . I like that its super moisturizing . But I would n't use this alone if i was wearing makeup although it says it removes makeup . This is also true for most cleansers anyway -RRB- I used the makeup remover wipe before using this cleanser to remove makeup . But when i used the astringent soaked cotton pad to wipe my face after cleansing my face , there was makeup residue on the cotton pad . I like using this when I have no makeup or using it before using foam cleanser if I have makeup to remove . * I received this product from buzzagent to review .
 This product does not rinse from the face - it is supposed to , but after about three minutes of working with water , it just was n't coming off . I gave up and wiped it off with kleenex - an orange greasiness came off onto the sheets . Maybe if your face is REALLY dry or your skin ca n't handle soap , you could try this . But if your face is just somewhat dry or you like a clean feeling when done washing your face , this is n't the product for you.But it smells good .
 I have been used many organic brand items so far . This one was very disappointing . I can not remove my make up with this cleanser when I remove my make up with this one , it still remain make up on my face . Also I do n't feel like I washed my face at all . Yes , I know . It is a cleanser for sensitive skin but maybe this is too sensitive . It does n't work at all for me .
 Burt 's Bees ' Date of production is the Third - fourth Digital.For an example : Product batch number is6581123 ,11 Expressed as2011.but my purchased Burt 's Bees ' Product batch number is 997605 , I was confused , This means Production of 2060year . My God who could tell What does that mean . EMAIL:670306700@qq.com
 I am a big fan of Burt 's Bees in general . This product , not so much.With the orange oil in it , it smells fabulous . But it feels awful . The stuff is thick and waxy , not creamy at all . It 's kind of hard to smear around on the skin without majorly stretching the skin because it 's so thick and stiff . I could , perhaps , overlook that if it seemed to rinse clear , but it does n't . It feels just like you 'd expect after smearing wax all over your face - like you ca n't rinse it off because water just runs off of it.I found it to be very much not worth the trouble .
 I hated this product . First of all , this product is super hard to rinse off your face . It is really thick . Once finally getting this stuff off my face , my face felt unclean , like there was a film still on it . It did n't leave me refreshed at all . I will say though , I did n't have any skin reaction to this product nor did it cause breakouts . It just felt gross . I got this product free to try and it still ended up in the garbage can .
 I have used many burt bee 's products in the past and I have loved them but this product made my skin break out and I woke up the next morning with big bumps on my face . I would recommend this if you do n't have sensitive skin . I have loved all the other products I have used from burt 's bees though !
 My husband and I were both disappointed with this face wash . I use very little make up -LRB- tinted moisturizer , some powder , mascara -RRB- and after washing my face with this product my skin actually felt greasier . I had to use multiple cotton swabs loaded with toner for my skin to feel and look clean afterwards . my husband - who obviously does n't wear make up :-RRB- - broke out and felt the same greasiness after using it , too . we stuck with the face wash -LRB- and the tons of cotton swabs/toner routine -RRB- because we could n't convince ourselves to throw away $ 10 ... but we ca n't wait until we run out so we can buy something else !
 Normally I love Burt 's Bees , but this face wash is too sticky . I had to wash my face again with my regular stuff to get it off . Granted , it smells good , but it 's not worth it .
 This Burt 's Bees cleanser left my skin feeling greasier after I used it than it was before.I have normal-oily skin and this is definitely not a good cleanser for that skin type . This cleanser might work really well if you had very dry skin.It does smell nice though .
 In general , I 'm a fan of Burt 's Bees products , and I have sensitive skin , so I was really excited to try this product as a BzzAgent -LRB- I received a complimentary sample as a BzzAgent -RRB- . The Natural Skin Solutions Sensitive Skin Facial Cleanser is a cream cleanser - it 's soap-free and non-foaming . Since I normally use a foaming cleanser -LRB- Olay Sensitive -RRB- , this was a little hard to get used to . The texture of the product is nice and creamy , and it 's fragrance free . It goes on nicely , but it seems hard to rinse . Since using it , I notice I 'm getting more frequent breakouts . I ca n't say for certain that it 's related to this cleanser , but the breakouts began within a couple of days of beginning to use it .
 I received this product along with the moisturizer through BuzzAgent to try and share my opinion . I was really excited to get it because I love Burt Bee 's products . After giving it two weeks of use however , I had to call it quits . This is just not a good product . My first complaint is that the face wash is supposed to be sent free but yet smells like school glue and I found that bothersome . It seems to be thick coming out of the tube but did not cleanse my face at all , leaving a residue behind with the make up it failed to remove . Also the moisturizer does not soak in to your skin but only stays on top of it until it eventually dries . After a two weeks and a few break outs I just ca n't continue to use this product . I really did want to like it and I hope that they can improve on it for the future , but I think I will be sticking to my usual face wash and moisturizer for now . Now , Burt Bee 's lip balms and hand lotions ? I will always be a loyal fan of those .
 My first complaint about this product is the smell of the cleanser ! Phew , I know there have to be some natural products they can put in to make the smell a bit better . My second complaint it the packaging . Whenever I just try to squeeze out just a little , enough comes out to wash my whole body !!! For the price I would n't want to waste that much -LRB- even though I did receive this as a sample . The plus sides
 I received this product free as a BuzzAgent . I used it for 3 days and had to quit using it . It made my skin feel unclean and dull . After the second day my skin started becoming irritated and itchy . I like that the ingredients are natural and that it is made by a brand that I love , but it just did n't work for me . I noticed it did n't remove makeup as well as other face cleansers . Overall this was a huge letdown .
 I have oily , sensitive skin and I wear foundation every day . Olay Foaming Face Wash for sensitive skin has worked well for me for the past few years , but I have been wanting to try something more natural . I already use Burt 's Bees toner , and I was given a chance to try this Burt 's Bees Sensitive Skin Facial Cleanser for free through BzzAgent . This is not a foaming cleanser ; it 's more of a creamy consistency . I like the fact that it 's fragrance free and has natural ingredients , but this just does n't remove all my makeup . It does n't seem to do much more than water alone . It does seem very moisturizing , and could be a good choice for someone with dry skin or who does n't wear makeup , but it does not work for me .
 I do have wrinkles and dark shadows below my eyes . I was hoping I had found a non toxic solution . Soon after applying I looked in the mirror to see it had settled into my wrinkles as if they had called this product to fill them . It made a tough situation worse . If you are young and wrinkle free it would probably work well , but for me the search continues .
 I used to be a sales rep in the cosmetic chemical biz . Meaning that I did n't work for any certain company , but sold the ingredients needed to large corporations making cosmetics , shampoos , lotions , etc. via a broker.Because of this I learned quite a bit about the ingredients ... and am very picky about what shampoos I use because I know which ones have cheap or damaging ingredients.Some smell great , for example , but are horrid for your hair.However , when I travel I know I 'll just be using some travel shampoo for a few days so I 'm not so picky at all ... I use the hotel shampoo or pack up a small travel bottle I got as a sample , etc.This shampoo and shower gel came in a gift box and I took it on a recent trip to Florida . During the first washing my hair dye , that had been in my hair a week just fine through several washings , suddenly came out enough that I saw it pool on the shower floor which I thought was very odd . By the third day I had more breakage than I 'd had in ages so I read the ingredients ... I have never seen so many stripping agents in one shampoo . Ever . HARSH ... okay for soap but , as someone who worked in the cosmetic industry I would say do n't use it on your hair ... it 's best as a body cleanser ONLY.it has a heavenly smell ... but will strip out moisture more than any other shampoo due to it 's ingrdients . But , that 's not to say you should avoid it ... the smell and stripping make it a decent body shampoo and although it 's billed as a hair and body shampoo , as long as you leave it out of your hair , I could easily recommend it for cleaning ...
 There is nothing luxurious about this shower gel . What a waste of a brand name and fragrance . Stick with the eau de parfum .
 I bought this for my fiance for the holidays . It smells great on him , but he says that it makes him feel `` slimy '' for the rest of the day . I would n't mind the price if the product was great , but it 's a small bottle of sub-par shower gel . Next time I 'll buy him the cologne instead .
 I was scammed by the first Sally Hansen cuticle remover in the small bottle with a blue liquid . It did not work ! But , I am desperate , and ca n't afford a $ 50 pedicure every week , so I bought THIS STUFF -- another Sally Hansen LIE . It did NOTHING . I used it EVERY DAY . I let my feet soak in the shower . I sat down and put the crap on . I waited TWO minutes , sometimes even three . NOTHING CAME OFF . Many times , I put it on a second time thinking , MAYBE my calluses/dry skin were just TOO dry ... NO CHANCE.don ' t buy this ! it 's a RIP OFF
 I followed the instructions exactly . The product did n't seem to do anything in terms of dissolving or removing -LRB- partially or completely -RRB- my foot calluses . I would be interested to know of anyone else 's experience with this product .
 I did n't pay attention to the previous reviews on this and really regret not . The lotion was nice - light and creamy with some gold glitter . A little of it went a long way . What really made me hate the product was the overbearing smell . After putting it on , I was constantly reminded of my old grandmother . It 's not a very good smell and borders on being disgusting . After I put it on , I had to immediately remove it because I was getting sick/nauseous from the smell . I would n't recommend you buy this unless you want the old-fashioned scents to bring you close to home . It also cost a fortune for what little I did get ...
 This Stank ! This was not what I expected at all ! It went right back . I do n't think I will ever buy perfume via internet again . Not only did I not like it but the seller did n't evan pay for return shipping . That sucked too !
 The product was received quickly . I have used this product before and had trouble finding it in stores . The smell is awesome and lasts all day.I love the sparkle it leaves on my skin . Great for vacations in warm climates . Try it . Kathi
 The picture on the website of the blush I ordered showed the blush in a pretty little black compact . What I received was the blush in a cheap clear plastic container . I like the blush , but I think retailers should be held to a standard of what they display on their webpage is what they send to their customer .
 This was a bogus joico knock-off . Joico provides info on their website about companies who sell unauthorized bogus knock-off and what to look for
 I was disappointed when I received my order and tried it . It was not what I expected at all . I had purchased the pheromone spray before from the HSN and it was very nice and the scent lasted all day . I received so many compliments and I just loved the smell . This item was very faint and does not last at all . I personally think it was a watered down version . It was not worth the money .
 Arrived fast , I do not like the spicy scent . But would recommend vender : -RRB- Fast , arrived packed nicely , good prices , just not my scent
 because if it did n't do that it would be worthless . it makes your hair dusty and hard . not to mention the horrible smell . . if you breathe this stuff in you might end up having nightmares of something ... it is overall a bad product
 This nail brush started to show signs of rust around the bristles after less than 1 month of use . This brush was also hard to hold on to when it 's wet and soapy . Something with a handle , or a more ergonomic shape would be better for use in the bath/shower . The bristles are n't as hard as I thought they would be . The 5 rows of bristles on the bottom are much softer than the single row of bristles on the top of the brush.The rust is n't bad enough ... yet ... to throw the brush away , so it will be demoted to my cleaning bucket to be used on dirt and grime around the house .
 Not as stiff as I hoped . A very good hair brush for a baby or elderly person but not a great nail brush . I use it to `` comb '' my 83 year old mother 's hair . Very soft .
 I have used other Tweezerman products and assumed that this item would live up to their standards , but I was wrong . I have used mine only once and after 3 months the base of every group of brushes shows signs of rust - not just a little rust but a lot . I thought at first it might be some kind of mildew , but a wash with a bleach solution did nothing . It is definitely rust . If you like this rusty look in your shower , then this brush is for you . I ca n't imagine why any manufacturer would put together a brush meant to be used with water with anything that would rust .
 After 1 use , the brush fell apart into 2 pieces - Sorry that I trusted the brand name - wish there was a replacement for it - Very disappointed in Tweezerman
 Thought the bristles would be firmer . Also , there 's no way to set it down without one side of the bristles or the other getting wet.Don ' t think it 'll last very long .
 I only had this brush for about a month until it fell off a shower shelf and the plastic cracked . At that point the brush split into two pieces . I snapped the pieces back together , but a few weeks later it fell off the shelf again causing a few entire chunks of plastic to splinter off one side of the brush . It would n't snap back together . I threw half of the brush away and still use the other half . Even before it broke I would have only given this brush 3 stars . The bristles are too soft to do any serious scrubbing . It 's my least favorite finger nail brush that I have ever owned and the only one that has ever had the plastic crack .
 After reading the numerous positive reviews I felt confident about buying this nail brush ... that was a mistake . The brush costs more than most other nail brushes , but I figured it must be worth it ... considering the Tweezerman name and the reviews . It is actually awkward to handle and the bristles are really soft and widely spaced ... I dislike this Tweezerman nail brush more than any of the other nail brushes I have purchased . I 'm still looking .
 I purchase this product and initially it worked very well . I like the design , it fits very well in your hand ... that 's why it received the stars I gave it . Why only 2 stars . . the plastic is very smooth , if you use this in the shower it becomes very slippery and will fall out of your hand quite easily . I had dropped this in my shower and it cracked -LRB- very brittle -RRB- ... once it cracked the it was susceptible to mold -LRB- water gets trapped inside -RRB- . I had to throw mine in the trash . If they make changes to the product I may consider purchasing , but in my opinion not worth the money .
 This item was not very expensive and serves its purpose , but I am disappointed that after only a few weeks there are already signs of rust around the bristles . I will need to replace this with something else .
 This is overpriced for what you get . It 's pretty cheap . Although it does not include any dye , it should have a small sample of dye . In fact , I thought it came with dye but I probably overlooked that part of it . The packaging makes it appear fit for a child but dye is not .
 Messy , slow , does not do what it claims at all . Improperly designed as one review suggests -LRB- should have holes at base instead of tips -RRB- , material does n't come out easily , material is cheap . relatively easy to wash.Perhaps better if company had a demonstration video with it ...
 Waste of money , do not even think about it . Cheap product . I bought two n feel like a fool now
 The color applicator dint quite work the way it should . The dye flowed out more freely than I would have liked it to , resulting in color dripping all over the place . It got so messy that I stopped and did the rest of my hair with a brush the conventional way . The reason for two stars is because the product looks exactly like in the picture and secondly for the benefit of doubt that perhaps I might not have know how to use it properly . Either way I did not like the product and will not be buying anymore of these .
 Underpowered , nearly unusable , without any fine tools . The tools there are do not accomplish the job they were designed for . One star is probably too high .
 This product has me furious ! I am the mother of a 10 month old and as most mothers know , it not about them at all anymore and finding the time to pamper yourself is very tough . Christmas was very small this year with this product being one that I was thrilled to receive -LRB- anything to speed up the time of `` grooming '' means the world to me -RRB- . The device that spins is so unbelievably weak that it stops spinning with the slightest bit of pressure on your nails - do n't even bother using the pedicure tools that are supposed to tackle rough and dry skin - the moment it touches your heel it stops . I am baffled that this product is sold by such retailers - do n't they test what they are selling ? This should have never passed any sort of product testing ... what a shame . I do n't believe I have ever posted a review but for some reason the inefficiency of this product has me enraged .
 I ordered and received this product from CBK Sales through Amazon.com and was very disappointed that it had no fragrance as advertised , only that of old dust . This must be very old merchandise and therefore , defective . I would not recommend this seller . I have requested a refund , but will believe it when I see it .
 Something in this made my eyes itch -- I do have very sensitive eyes , so you might not have a problem . I also was n't overly impressed with the product . Aveda 's is better , and is about the same price .
 About the only thing I liked about this mascara was the brush . This mascara made my eyes itch like crazy . I could n't stand it , even blinking would irritate my eyes enough to cause an itch frenzy . I have never had a problem with sensitive eyes and I have used many mascara 's . If you are looking for something natural , try Korres mascara . It 's a great natural mascara . I even think it 's less money than this one . You can find the Korres brand at Sephora -LRB- and no I do n't work for Sephora -RRB- . I got this mascara at whole foods , I will be returning it .
 Not at all happy with this product . The only way the smell stays is if you spray it a bunch on your shirt , etc. . and then only that one spot gives off the scent -LRB- not like cologne/perfume where the scent carriers -RRB- .
 Well the price was good but we got the wrong thing . And the one we got smells like dirty water .
 While the products are all as described , the service from Demeter Fragrance Library left much to be desired . I placed an order of 1 full sized cologne spray and two samples . My order came with a free sample which was delightful , except that one sample arrived completely shattered and the sample spray pump did not work . I contacted Demeter Fragrance Library immediately to report the issue and was advised that if I were to return the defective products they would be more than happy to exchange or replace them . I was told I would be refunded for the shipping cost for having to mail my damaged products back to them . This was not the case . While they sent me new products and refunded me for the one item I returned , I was not reimbursed shipping and it took me a week to get a hold of someone at the company who told me that they never reimburse shipping back unless you return the whole order . However , this was not what I was told the first time I called or I would have never sent it back . Now I 'm out more for the shipping than I would have been just for the broken perfume sample . The woman I spoke to basically told me that no one could have possibly told me that I would be refunded unless I shipped the whole order back to them because `` It 's never been that way so I do n't know how that could be possible . '' Way to make your customer feel great . I 'll never place an order with them again . Order from an external website if you must .
 I do n't like the smell . It smells nothing like the lotion itself . It very very strong and heavy and made me dizzy . Also , it feels slimy when I washed with it . Will stick with the lotion .
 After using this product I got a rash on my neck that took days to heal !
 It was very disappointing and annoying to find out that it was too difficult to open the pump and after 2 or 3 attempts , it breaks easily . I saw this product on sale for less -LRB- $ 7.00 -RRB- in a few stores but I had already put in my order . I like the product 's fragrance . It leaves a fresh and smooth feeling on the skin .
 I hate face washes that leave you skin fealing just as oily as it felt before you washed it , which is what this scrub does . I buy scrubs to clean my skin ! This scrub is aweful . Maybe it does the `` anti-wrinkle '' job , but frankly I ca n't stand to use it more than the 3 times I tried , so I will never know . If you like a CLEAN feeling after you wash your face , go with the Clinique Exfoliating Scrub . It works VERY well , and leaves your skin feelign fresh , bare , and clean . I should have known better , if it 's not broken DO N'T FIX IT ! ; -RRB-
 I ended up having a pretty nasty allergic reaction to that product , but even if I had n't I still would n't be happy with this stuff . It left my face greasy and gross to say the least . It also seemed to take more effort than expected to remove the makeup . I just wanted to try something new for makeup removal , but I believe I 'm going to stick to my usual products .
 I was very UNimpressed with these makeup sponges . Althougth the description specifically said they would not fall apart , surprise surprise , they did ... almost immediately .
 TIGI has changed the formula . The look , feel , and smell are off . Much runnier and not at all what it used to be . Guess I have to look for a different hair product after years of use .
 As other recent reviews have unconfirmed , TIGI decided to change the formula for their Manipulator product , and unfortunately NOT for the better . The current pomade is inferior to previous formula , in that it 's not only lost it 's wonderful and clean fragrant , but the paste has been made more `` soupy '' and water-downed , thus leaving a greasy look when applied to hair , and requiring far more of an amount to actually style and hold one 's hairstyle.After using this product exclusively for over 12 years , I 've decided to move on.Hope you enjoy your cruise on the S.S. Failboat TIGI ...
 I was looking to try something different than my normal pomade , so I was recommended this product instead . My hair is medium in length and I wear it a bit spiky in the front and top.That being said , this stuff is useless for my hair . It does n't hold at all like a pomade does , and it makes your hair very shiny . Lastly , it smells like coconut for a while after putting it in - for better or for worse.Short hair - yes.Medium to long hair - no hold at all .
 Failed me on the second USE . Snagged hair a little . Biggest complaint is that instead of being able to leave it on 180 and get nice results like the first use , I had to turn it up to between 250 and 320 . At 180 it did n't even feel like it was really on , more like after you 've turned it off and it 's cooling down.It also does n't open wide enough for the blind straightening I have to do at the back of my head . But that may have just taken some getting used to.I 'm leaning toward really liking the Remington Shine Therapy right now . Still up in the air.I 'm shipping the Solia back to Folica tomorrow for refund -- no replacement , no repair . At my expense , of course : -LRB- Ideally , I wo n't have to escalate with my credit card issuer .
 My name is graciel and I 'm of latin american and african descend . I bought my solia tourmaline ceramic ion flat iron july 2009 . Since then I 've used it almost twice every week . I did n't use it every day.It is a fantastic product if you have very curly hair like me . I used to relax my hair to get it straigt , but I stopped doing so , sometime before I bought my flat iron . It did a great job , until a couple of weeks a go I accidentally dropped it while I was straigtning my hair . It immediately turned of . After a while I could turn it back on without a problem . Then after a week or so it just turned of while I was using it and I have n't been able to get it to work again since then . I 'm so disappointed because it realy did get my hair straight and I only had it for 5 months . The worst part is that the warranty does not apply if you buy it from amazone .
 This thing worked `` okay '' for the time it was around , which was all of 3 months . Now it wo n't turn on anymore .
 This has to be the biggest piece of crap I ever bought . . Pardon my french but I 've been doing the Brazilian hair straighening for YEARS and this is the biggest piece of crap I ever bought . It lasted 2 months before the crap would n't even turn on . It is WAY over priced ... seriously head for the hills and buy another product !!!!!! I tried calling them and they had nothing to say nor would they replace the one I bought . DO NOT BUY IT ... TRUST ME ... Very sad there are such crappy products out there . Try the one with the commercial . I ca n't remember the name but I have four irons and the one on the ifommerial is awesome -LRB- no I do not work for them -RRB- this one advertised is BY FAR THE WORST ... I love the fact that they say you are getting a good deal and there is a price cut . . Trust me not worth the price cut ... It 's worst than the ones you get at Target .
 I tried this straightener twice and do not like it at all !! I liked that the straightener had a temp dial and did n't expect t have to use it on high all the time , but I do . The outside of the straightener heats up pretty much the same as the plates on the inside which means the only place to hold it is on the handle . Most other straighteners have an area you can put your fingers on the open end so you are able to use two hands , this one you ca n't with out being burned . It is also impossible to get right down to the roots of the hair because the plates are so close to the edge of the straightener that I end up burning my head . I am very disappointed for the price and expected a lot more because it was rated so god online .
 I loved my hair iron but after a few months the ceramic plates started to come off . Ive had this less than a year and cant even use it because it snags and pulls several hairs every time . OUCH !!! Maybe its defective , but I feel like a product of this quality shouldnt fall apart in less than a year . I only use it once a week .
 I have purchased two Solia flat irons in the past two years and both of them just stopped working . The first lasted for about 9 months and the other -LRB- which did n't come on this morning & that 's why I 'm online searching for another one -RRB- I think I 've had for about 1 year . I did n't drop them or abuse them in any way and I was very happy with the straightening quality , but I 'll not purchase another Solia again . However , I do wonder if that 's just the nature of flat irons . I guess I 'll find out after trying a different brand .
 Mine worked really , really well ... until its circuits cooked themselves.I 'm not sure if this was just one of those times where you get a `` bad apple '' from what is normally a good product , but I sure as hell did n't buy a second one to find out .
 I have been using FHI Heat irons for a couple of years now . FHI Heat irons seal my ends and make my hair supershiny and sleek . The compliments never end when I use these . I 'm an African American with a nice grade of thick medium length hair . People think it 's a wig sometimes after I straighten it.I heard good things about the Solia irons and decided to try something different . The Solia hair irons make my hair dull and do n't seal the ends like the FHI irons seem to do . They make my hair look unfinished . My ends look frayed and raggedy and the shine is n't there . I am returning this product asap .
 It is a nice shade of purple , well represented on here . However , the clip is impossible ! I have fine , shoulder length hair and no matter how much hair I try to attach the clip to , it slides out within minutes . I have not been able to wear it since I bought it . I 'm sad to say it was a waste of money for me ...
 I bought the 6.7 oz Fahrenheit from Amazon . I thought the formula was off so I purchased a new bottle from Christian Dior directly . There is a BIG difference . The Amazon formula has a sharp bitter scent and the Dior one is the original formula that I have used for years . This is the second time being burned on fragrances from Amazon . Buy from a department store to avoid the discrepancies .
 I ordered this perfume but the 3.4 ounces , i had it before and it smells pretty good a must buy the thing is that they sent me the wrong item a white bottle ! Very disappointed but im not gon na waist my time returning it ! Next time i 'll go to a store
 Well I strayed from the formula and got burnt on this one . I 've been purchasing and reviewing colognes from the list of `` So you 'd like to start wearing cologne '' guide on amazon , of which this one was not on . Intrigued by many favorable reviews at Epinions.com I went ahead and took advantage of a good deal . Now up to date , most of the colognes I have bought are very bright and pleasing scents . At first sniff this cologne is VERY different . It is much more subdued and dark . In short , the bottle is basically brown , but when scrutinized through light it has other nuances , and this cologne is basically the same in fragrance . It is controversial , my wife says she likes it , I do n't happen to . I can see how it gets either 5 stars or ranks very low . This cologne IS very different from others if you 're looking for something different that people will know the name of , but there will be some that do n't care for it at all . To me it smells like dark chocolate and tar that someone tried to cover with a musk cologne , neither of which are probably in it .
 vendedor no responde por nada envio mercacia no solicitada el perfume era 3.4 Oz y llego de 1.7 Oz al efectuar el reclamo hicieron caso omiso al mismo y asta la fecha no hay quien responda por esto
 This perfume has a very strong smell that 's described as refreshing , woody and mossy , the smell is unique but somewhat reminiscent of a mix of puke and sweat , perhaps is why many describe it as masculine.No matter what you think of it , this -LRB- as any exceptionally strong perfume -RRB- is absolute hell for anyone with a sharper sense of smell . So unless you are surrounded with people with a dulled sniffer , be considerate and do n't use it in excess . Definitely not good for business situations -LRB- that call for a bit of subtlety -RRB- as it can backfire , quite badly .
 It really depends on your taste but I am not a fan . Unfortunetely I bought this for my husband and spent way too much money on it . It has a kind of spicy smell that makes me ill . I wo n't even let him wear it . Have spent a lot less on much better scents .
 This product is misleadingly named , and even claims to be a useful product `` around the home , '' as if it were a pure beeswax product , which it is not . It is a hair care product for making dreadlocks . My daughter wanted beeswax to make her own lotions . She has wasted her hard-earned money , because it would cost more to ship it back than to throw it away . Do not buy this product if you are looking for pure beeswax .
 I have waist-length dreads -LRB- about 14 years of growth -RRB- . My hair is completely fused and can not be undone or untangled -- my hair is locked and not faux locked -LRB- which seems to be the craze -RRB- . Do not use wax of any kind for making dreadlocks . If you ca n't wash the product out , it will attract dust , dirt and other debris . Your hair will look dull and may smell as you ca n't wash out the stuff that accumulates in the wax.Instead , use patience . This is not an instant hair style -- no matter what anyone says . I did two-strand twists , letting them begin to lock over about 3 or 4 months . During that time , I did not wash my hair -LRB- in the traditional sense -RRB- . I took care of my scalp with cotton balls soaked inSEA Breeze Astringent for Skin & Scalp 32oz/946ml -LRB- use a milder version of the Sea Breeze if you do n't like the smell , which dissipates -RRB- . This kept my scalp clean . Then , I used a very light oil on my scalp to help keep it from getting dry . Remember
 This smells yucky and does n't work , it 's not what I was expecting . Not wax , more like goo .
 SHAME on YOU , Amazon , for not better regulating your marketplace . This is Garbage , MISLEADING . AVOID .
 I purchased this item because i trust L'ancome very much but i was disappointed . This eyeliner is not waterproof at all .
 The item received absolutely DOES NOT look like the item ordered ; furthermore , when I contacted the seller they were bold enough to :1 . Say that I was confused2 . They said that they do not offer photos for every product they carry !!??? Please read their response below : section from one letter -- `` Unfortunately we do not offer photos for every product we carry and that is why the typed product description is right next to the photo and again in the shopping cart to allow the consumer the opportunit to review their order before they finalize it . '' ???? They did say that they will refund me .
 I was e-mailed a few days after placing the order and informed that it is out of stock . The site still lists it as in stock ... do n't believe them .
 This is NOT a good eyeliner . It smears sooooo bad only after a minutes . It does go on creamy , but do not expect it to stay in place very long . Sorry . I usually do not write poor reviews , but must speak out on this one .
 not waterproof after it smeared . very disappointing product . will use it up just to get my money 's worth
 not really smear proof . maybe because i have allergies to most make up . my tears smeared the liner as soon as i put it on .
 It was purchased for my wife.I 'm not an expert in this area , but she said it did not work as well as other lotions/gels she had .
 I got this parfum after several orders of the Outdoor Fresh Shower CLEAN ... this parfum smells like Lysol or Mr. Clean ... I promptly gave mine to anyone who would take it . I will stick to the outdoor Fresh Shower Clean ...
 I have been wearing this scent for years . Everyone loves it . I just ordered this last bottle and it comes wrapped in bubble wrap and not in the box . It also has `` TESTER '' on it . I was not made aware that this was a tester bottle . To me it has an odd smell , like it 's old or something . Very disappointed that I was not made aware that this was a tester bottle . This concerns me because the bottle is full , of what I do n't know , and it was n't in the proper packaging . Something is very wrong with this .
 I got a sample of this ... smells exactly like 409 cleaning solution . Gross ! If I wanted to smell like this I 'd clean the kitchen . Pass .
 I WAS DISSAPPOINED WITH THIS PARFUME.IT REMINDED ME OF A RESTROOM , THAT WHAT MY HUBBY SAID TOO.WE DID NOT LIKE THIS SCENT AT ALL , I GOT TH ULTIMATE SCENT ALSO , IS ALL RIGHT BUT I LIKE PHILOSOPHY ALOT BETTER.MY SON MADE ME WASH ITOFF AS HIS EYES WERE TEARIG.NO GO FOR BOTH SCRENTS.DOES NOT SMELL CLEAN AT ALL .
 This brush is sturdy and of good quality however , it is too soft to comb even my daughters dolly 's hair ! I avoided purchasing other brushes that indicated soft bristles however the ` reinforced ' boar bristle made me think this one was firmer .
 The bottle is beautiful , unfortunately the scent does n't work well with my chemistry at all . It 's very strong and gave me not only a headache , but also nausea . I 'm glad I just bought a mini to try out and I will keep it because of the exquisite bottle , but I 'll never wear this scent .
 We used this bathmat for 10 days . The surface is too smooth and our feet tended to slip . Plus , the mat does not grip securely to the surface of the tub , and wants to float whenever you run a bath . After giving it a reasonable `` breaking in '' trial , we went to another site and bought a extra-large Rubbermaid mat , which has more than met our expectations .
 This a terrible product . After several tries I could not get the mat to stick to the tub . Took my shower slipped in the tub ... was so upset I just threw the mat away !!!!!!!!
 The pic shows the old round top can which i wanted because the new can does n't smell the same.Highly disappointed please sell what you advertise !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I still do n't know if this will work for me . Really I was expecting so much more especially for the price they sell . However they work better than the night wrap .
 Tried this longer than it was recommended , it did not work at all . It did have a plesant smell , but that 's all it did .
 Do not waste your money . I followed the directions and never saw a change in the size of my arms .
 I thought this would be a great Xmas gift for my wife . One less cord on the vanity - it just does n't get hot enough . After 2 weekd she 's given up on it .
 After spending $ 16 a week for body shop 's body butter my wallet started to feel sort of empty ... So i went in search of a good cheap body butter . I am normally very satisfied with Freeman products but this one is not so great . It is really thick which makes it harder to apply - it does not glide smoothly onto skin . It does leave your skin more moisturized but the time it takes to do it is not worth it . Also , since it is not creamy , if you apply too much you 'll get this little chunks of not absorved cream aorund your skin and you will have to wait at least a good 15 min . before putting on your clothes . I found that it does leave my skin a little moistured and smooth but it all goes down the drain with my morning shower . The scent is husband approved - `` it smells nice '' -LRB- aka fruity and fresh -RRB- . Bottom line
 I was hesitant to purchase lipstick without actually seeing it first but , went ahead anyway . I was happy when the package arrived however , when I opened the package I saw a small , dirty box . Inside was the lipstick , very true to color when I removed the top and looked but , at the same time it had a stale , rancid smell which immediately indicated to me that this product had probably been sitting on a shelf for some time.If I 'm going to pay over $ 10 for a lipstick , it better be new and smell fresh . BEWARE .
 Not at all happy with this product . The only way the smell stays is if you spray it a bunch on your shirt , etc. . and then only that one spot gives off the scent -LRB- not like cologne/perfume where the scent carriers -RRB- .
 Well the price was good but we got the wrong thing . And the one we got smells like dirty water .
 While the products are all as described , the service from Demeter Fragrance Library left much to be desired . I placed an order of 1 full sized cologne spray and two samples . My order came with a free sample which was delightful , except that one sample arrived completely shattered and the sample spray pump did not work . I contacted Demeter Fragrance Library immediately to report the issue and was advised that if I were to return the defective products they would be more than happy to exchange or replace them . I was told I would be refunded for the shipping cost for having to mail my damaged products back to them . This was not the case . While they sent me new products and refunded me for the one item I returned , I was not reimbursed shipping and it took me a week to get a hold of someone at the company who told me that they never reimburse shipping back unless you return the whole order . However , this was not what I was told the first time I called or I would have never sent it back . Now I 'm out more for the shipping than I would have been just for the broken perfume sample . The woman I spoke to basically told me that no one could have possibly told me that I would be refunded unless I shipped the whole order back to them because `` It 's never been that way so I do n't know how that could be possible . '' Way to make your customer feel great . I 'll never place an order with them again . Order from an external website if you must .
 Well the price was good but we got the wrong thing . And the one we got smells like dirty water .
 While the products are all as described , the service from Demeter Fragrance Library left much to be desired . I placed an order of 1 full sized cologne spray and two samples . My order came with a free sample which was delightful , except that one sample arrived completely shattered and the sample spray pump did not work . I contacted Demeter Fragrance Library immediately to report the issue and was advised that if I were to return the defective products they would be more than happy to exchange or replace them . I was told I would be refunded for the shipping cost for having to mail my damaged products back to them . This was not the case . While they sent me new products and refunded me for the one item I returned , I was not reimbursed shipping and it took me a week to get a hold of someone at the company who told me that they never reimburse shipping back unless you return the whole order . However , this was not what I was told the first time I called or I would have never sent it back . Now I 'm out more for the shipping than I would have been just for the broken perfume sample . The woman I spoke to basically told me that no one could have possibly told me that I would be refunded unless I shipped the whole order back to them because `` It 's never been that way so I do n't know how that could be possible . '' Way to make your customer feel great . I 'll never place an order with them again . Order from an external website if you must .
 Not at all happy with this product . The only way the smell stays is if you spray it a bunch on your shirt , etc. . and then only that one spot gives off the scent -LRB- not like cologne/perfume where the scent carriers -RRB- .
 While Bumble and Bumble used to be one of my favorite lines of hair care products , this conditioner -LRB- and I might add shampoo by the same name -RRB- was a real disappointment.Using it left no softening or conditioning effect and there was n't even a pleasant scent . Do n't know where Bumble fumbled but they certainly fouled up on this one . I 'm saving my $ $ $ $ $ for Lush and Frederic Fekkai !
 While at the Salon my shampoo person massaged this into my hair for about a million years and it felt and smelled like heaven . -LRB- which is odd since this is not a scent I normally am drawn to outside of the beach -RRB- I believe this is what led me to thinking it was super fabulous and then the purchase of product.I was smart -LRB- ??? how smart is 8 bucks for a mini bottle of conditioner , I am so warped -RRB- and only purchased a mini of this and then the Gentle Shampoo , -LRB- which I like quite a bit -RRB- I like the way it feels in the shower , I try to recreate the massaging and the saturation , but afterwords it 's while drying it 's not that special , my hair is harder to detangle , the ends are really dry , and it is n't really that soft like say after Pureology . It does leave it shiny.When I blowdry it 's awful , airdry it 's just ok , texture wise . It tends to leave me frizzy after the blowdryer . Not a good hair day in the making , so darn . It just feels coated , untamed and odd.I do n't hate it to death ... , but for me it was a miss all things considered . What a waste -LRB- for me -RRB- of an insanely good scent .
 I have bought this product for years from my salon . I thought I would buy it online to save a trip to my salon . Considering how often I use this product , I noticed right away that the color was off . Then when I used it , it was obvious that the product was fake considering the consistency was very different . Finally when I used it , my hair was full of knots and unusually dry . I 'm disappointed that I bought two bottles . Please , please be aware that Deal Seakers is selling FAKE Bumble and Bumble products ! Unacceptable .
 I decided to try this shampoo and conditioner because my salon is now using Bumble and Bumble products and my stylist was raving about the products . The coconut smell is great but the shampoo and conditioner are just ok . I thought that it would make my hair smooth and give it more shine , but my hair feels like I am using a cheap supermarket brand shampoo . Also , my forehead seems to be a little on the oily side since I started using these products . I normally have very dry skin with no blemishes . I am kinda disappointed because I spent $ 50 on both the shampoo and conditioner . I would n't buy these again ...
 While Bumble and Bumble used to be one of my favorite lines of hair care products , this conditioner -LRB- and I might add shampoo by the same name -RRB- was a real disappointment.Using it left no softening or conditioning effect and there was n't even a pleasant scent . Do n't know where Bumble fumbled but they certainly fouled up on this one . I 'm saving my $ $ $ $ $ for Lush and Frederic Fekkai ! - Gail Cooke
 I have purchased this product from salons and have been extremely happy with Bumble and Bumble . I thought I would purchase from Amazon to save myself a couple $ $ . This was a BAD idea because when I used the conditioner for the first time , my hair felt as if it had been STRIPPED and and I could barely run my fingers through my hair ! NOT SOFT AT ALL . I decided to try conditioning 2 times in a row but this still gave me the same result . I have used this new bottle for about 2 weeks in hopes that my hair would soften up . . but no luck.I am very disheartened because I bought the big pump bottle and I dont even want to use it . The only thing I use it for is to SHAVE MY LEGS !! This product is FAKE and was a huge waste of money . I am never buying B&B ; online ever again .
 Beware in purchasing this item . The viscosity and texture of the product is inconsistent with Bumble and Bumble 's typical high quality shampoos/conditioners . My hair did not respond the way it usually does to B&B -LRB- it was more like the effect of using a cheap hotel hair product -RRB- . Although the fragrance seemed 100 % spot-on , I still returned the product based on my suspicion that it 's a fake .
 For several days after using the conditioner , my hair has been left very tangled and frizzy so much so that my hair breaks when I comb it . I purchased the largest size so this is unfortunate . Perhaps it is n't the real Bumble and Bumble as other unsatisfied reviewers have noted . Either way , I would not recommend this conditioner based on my experience .
 I have used this product before and loved it . It did not seem like the same product . It smelled like Suave instead of the rich coconut smell I usually associate with this product . I will buy the product from a retail store or directly from Bumble and Bumble in the future .
 It does n't really help dry hair and only has a faint smell of coconut . Not worth the money . Do yourself a favour and save money , get the Suave professional conditioner which works as well if not better for a tenth of the price .
 The Creme de Coco conditioner is horrible . -LRB- I always buy from a salon mind you -RRB- It leaves your hair feeling waxy and the conditioner does n't absorb into the hair follicle . It smells ok . I 'm not a fan . I have medium texture and long hair with highlights . I 'm using Pureology now , much better . I must say though that the Creme de Coco Shampoo is awesome , but the conditioner-not so much !
 I promptly received the cologne , but the lid was leaking . I got it as a gift for my husband . He squirts it all over and you can barely smell it and it does n't last very long .
 I will never forgive the choice of notes in this Eau De Toilette Spray.The fragrance is a over powering smell . Gross
 I do n't know what all the hype is about with Unforgivable . It smells more like a woman 's fragrance than that of a man 's . In 2 hours the scent is about gone ... leaving a smell of flowery baby powder scent . WIth the price you pay for Unforgivable you would hope it would be worth it ! Not this one ! Ir is NOT WORTH IT . Sean John picked the right name for it alright ... It is an UNFORGIVEABLE fragrance that I would put at the bottom of my list . Sorry guys !
 first of all , I already own one of these for my daughter and love it . So when I had my son I knew I 'd need another one . So I ordered it . . unfortunately it seems broken and I already toss away the paperwork and the box . When I turn it on it does n't seem to have enough power and is not very loud . By morning it 's hardly working . I plugged it into several different outlets , it 's definetly the unit itself . I 'd love to get another one , but for $ 60 + I just ca n't afford it.Sorry to give a bad review , I 'm sure it 's just a fautly unit .
 ... lately the products have been hit or miss.I recently tried Sticky Toffee Pudding in the 4 oz room spray and it 's definitely become my favorite -- I ca n't get enough of it ! On the other hand , my mother loves the Waffle Cone and I ordered her 2 bottles from the Demeter website -LRB- $ 14 each , plus flat rate shipping -RRB- and they came smelling nothing like the waffle cone she loves . It almost smells rancid like whiskey . There 's no problem with exchanges -- that 's what their website says anyway . I do n't know if it 's the room spray version that is bad or if they reformulated , but I 'm going to send it back and pay the extra for the cologne version.As for other scents I 've tried : Sugar Cookie - Very very sweet . A little too sweet for me.Brownie - An artificial chocolate smell , but not offensive . Does n't last very long.Graham Cracker - Hard to find the scent in the sea of alcohol in the product.Waffle - Very maple syrup-y . Strawberry Ice Cream - Very artificial owerpowering scent . Almost like a very concentrated strawberry Quik . -LRB- Strawberry milk powder brand . -RRB- Scottish Shortbread - There is some sort of oil in the mixture and when it arrived it was nearly frozen . I did n't care for this smell either . sort of an almond cookie smell but also masked by the alcohol smell.Mojito - Ick . My mom received this as a promo item somewhere and it smells like a hospital to me ! I 'm not sure which component of Mojito smell is doing that to it , but I 'd pass.There 's a Jelly Belly line scent that has something to do with blackberries . It was a pretty harsh scent . Not light and airy -- very contrived and strong . Over the top but not in a good way . Same goes for the Blueberry Muffin in the Jelly Belly line.Vanilla Cake Batter - Not very exciting . Very vanilla , not very cakey.I reviewed the Rubber and Mesquite scents on Amazon somewhere -- pass on those.Before you invest the money , go to the Demeter site and get the $ 51/2 oz splash version of the scent you like . Or just get the Sticky Toffee Pudding . ; -RRB-
 While the products are all as described , the service from Demeter Fragrance Library left much to be desired . I placed an order of 1 full sized cologne spray and two samples . My order came with a free sample which was delightful , except that one sample arrived completely shattered and the sample spray pump did not work . I contacted Demeter Fragrance Library immediately to report the issue and was advised that if I were to return the defective products they would be more than happy to exchange or replace them . I was told I would be refunded for the shipping cost for having to mail my damaged products back to them . This was not the case . While they sent me new products and refunded me for the one item I returned , I was not reimbursed shipping and it took me a week to get a hold of someone at the company who told me that they never reimburse shipping back unless you return the whole order . However , this was not what I was told the first time I called or I would have never sent it back . Now I 'm out more for the shipping than I would have been just for the broken perfume sample . The woman I spoke to basically told me that no one could have possibly told me that I would be refunded unless I shipped the whole order back to them because `` It 's never been that way so I do n't know how that could be possible . '' Way to make your customer feel great . I 'll never place an order with them again . Order from an external website if you must .
 Not much more to say than the title , but that 's exactly the case , i LOVE the lime scent , it is sharp and tangy , not far off from real lime by the way ! But maybe with a slightly margarita-tinge . yum , i love it . But the smell does n't last longer than a minute , even if i spray 10 sprays of it . :-LRB- . Total bummer .
 the hight note on this is great but what remains ... just think bathroom ... dont buy this one . I do enjoy a few of the other choices they have , , , , , , dont wasted your money on this
 I ordered this for my wife . I knew is was only 4 oz but it seemed even smaller . For the price it is not worth it . My wife liked the smell but the results were horrible . Would never purshase this again .
 I was very disappointed in this product . I paid for a premium fragrance to give us that real Christmas tree smell and got something that smells just like the cheap pine bathroom deodorizers of years ago .
 I purchased the Honeysuckle.The scent was pleasing , however , I can walk down a househld aislein the supermarket and pick upsomething for less then 1/2 the pricethat smells just as nice .
 I bought `` Thunderstorm '' and it is absolutely aweful ! Not a clean fresh storm like I expected but wet dirt and dust . Not at all what I want people smelling when they walk into my home . I was very disapointed ! If you 're into this sort of smell more power to you , but it 's not at all something I would ever buy again .
 I bought Mildew thinking it would smell sort of like damp towels that had been in the bathroom for a couple of days but was disappointed to find it smelled more like sports liniment . Will next try thunderstorm .
 I 'm looking for a true to life gardenia perfume . This is not that.It barely smells like gardenia , and instead has some overwhelming , obnoxious note I 've smelled in men 's colognes.And the oddly designed spray top breaks after a couple spurts , forcing you to have to take the whole thing apart to try to get it to spray .
 The dispensor is ok but the clock stopped working shortly after I started using it . Was disapointed in that . Easy to fill and use
 Fast shipping , but the product is not a good quality , It is to expensive for the quality
 After installing the battery , the back of the battery conpartment would not go back on . I had to use duct tape on a brand new item !
 it was OKAY ... i mean , it felt extremely thick , and like , sticky . . not a fan of covergirl . . and it only lasted like , an hour ... soo yeahh NOPE , never again !
 I purchased the Honeysuckle.The scent was pleasing , however , I can walk down a househld aislein the supermarket and pick upsomething for less then 1/2 the pricethat smells just as nice .
 I bought `` Thunderstorm '' and it is absolutely aweful ! Not a clean fresh storm like I expected but wet dirt and dust . Not at all what I want people smelling when they walk into my home . I was very disapointed ! If you 're into this sort of smell more power to you , but it 's not at all something I would ever buy again .
 I bought Mildew thinking it would smell sort of like damp towels that had been in the bathroom for a couple of days but was disappointed to find it smelled more like sports liniment . Will next try thunderstorm .
 ... lately the products have been hit or miss.I recently tried Sticky Toffee Pudding in the 4 oz room spray and it 's definitely become my favorite -- I ca n't get enough of it ! On the other hand , my mother loves the Waffle Cone and I ordered her 2 bottles from the Demeter website -LRB- $ 14 each , plus flat rate shipping -RRB- and they came smelling nothing like the waffle cone she loves . It almost smells rancid like whiskey . There 's no problem with exchanges -- that 's what their website says anyway . I do n't know if it 's the room spray version that is bad or if they reformulated , but I 'm going to send it back and pay the extra for the cologne version.As for other scents I 've tried : Sugar Cookie - Very very sweet . A little too sweet for me.Brownie - An artificial chocolate smell , but not offensive . Does n't last very long.Graham Cracker - Hard to find the scent in the sea of alcohol in the product.Waffle - Very maple syrup-y . Strawberry Ice Cream - Very artificial owerpowering scent . Almost like a very concentrated strawberry Quik . -LRB- Strawberry milk powder brand . -RRB- Scottish Shortbread - There is some sort of oil in the mixture and when it arrived it was nearly frozen . I did n't care for this smell either . sort of an almond cookie smell but also masked by the alcohol smell.Mojito - Ick . My mom received this as a promo item somewhere and it smells like a hospital to me ! I 'm not sure which component of Mojito smell is doing that to it , but I 'd pass.There 's a Jelly Belly line scent that has something to do with blackberries . It was a pretty harsh scent . Not light and airy -- very contrived and strong . Over the top but not in a good way . Same goes for the Blueberry Muffin in the Jelly Belly line.Vanilla Cake Batter - Not very exciting . Very vanilla , not very cakey.I reviewed the Rubber and Mesquite scents on Amazon somewhere -- pass on those.Before you invest the money , go to the Demeter site and get the $ 51/2 oz splash version of the scent you like . Or just get the Sticky Toffee Pudding . ; -RRB-
 While the products are all as described , the service from Demeter Fragrance Library left much to be desired . I placed an order of 1 full sized cologne spray and two samples . My order came with a free sample which was delightful , except that one sample arrived completely shattered and the sample spray pump did not work . I contacted Demeter Fragrance Library immediately to report the issue and was advised that if I were to return the defective products they would be more than happy to exchange or replace them . I was told I would be refunded for the shipping cost for having to mail my damaged products back to them . This was not the case . While they sent me new products and refunded me for the one item I returned , I was not reimbursed shipping and it took me a week to get a hold of someone at the company who told me that they never reimburse shipping back unless you return the whole order . However , this was not what I was told the first time I called or I would have never sent it back . Now I 'm out more for the shipping than I would have been just for the broken perfume sample . The woman I spoke to basically told me that no one could have possibly told me that I would be refunded unless I shipped the whole order back to them because `` It 's never been that way so I do n't know how that could be possible . '' Way to make your customer feel great . I 'll never place an order with them again . Order from an external website if you must .
 Not much more to say than the title , but that 's exactly the case , i LOVE the lime scent , it is sharp and tangy , not far off from real lime by the way ! But maybe with a slightly margarita-tinge . yum , i love it . But the smell does n't last longer than a minute , even if i spray 10 sprays of it . :-LRB- . Total bummer .
 the hight note on this is great but what remains ... just think bathroom ... dont buy this one . I do enjoy a few of the other choices they have , , , , , , dont wasted your money on this
 I ordered this for my wife . I knew is was only 4 oz but it seemed even smaller . For the price it is not worth it . My wife liked the smell but the results were horrible . Would never purshase this again .
 I was very disappointed in this product . I paid for a premium fragrance to give us that real Christmas tree smell and got something that smells just like the cheap pine bathroom deodorizers of years ago .
 I have purchased this before and have not been dissapointed . This time I havea case of dry washcloths . I know I can wet them , but being handicapped itjust takes me longer to do things . Also , I can not put them through-out thehouse . I have to keep them near the sinks .
 The femgest cream seems to work as good as other progesterone creams . However , it is much to thick and does not absorb well . I ended up using more for the same effect as other creams . I would not rec . this product .
 the cream was poorly and loosely packaged . No seal or anything that proof the cream was not opened . The progesterone concentration was not detected by reading the ingredient or the facts , but other brands that I used all showed the concentration . I got rash by using the cream , but the seller refused the the return . Really Bad Service !
 I have purchased this product for years either from health food stores or online . As far as I know , it is always packaged in a 2 jar box . I recently purchased the item from Nutricity and after using up the first jar I opened the second jar and found it completely dehydrated ! I panicked , as I was in the middle of a cycle and did not wish to run out . I re-ordered immediately and then the next day contacted Nutricity about the problem . After more than a 24 hour wait I got an e-mail back saying I was mistaken , that I had NEVER ordered from them ! Could I send the confirmation e-mail of the order . Well of course I did n't any longer have the confirmation e-mail -LRB- it takes me almost 3 months to use a jar -RRB- but I sent them the invoice from my Amazon file . -LRB- I had also ordered from them prior to that ! -RRB- After another 24 hour wait I get the answer
 I love this fragrance , and have had a hard time finding it anymore as Ralph Lauren stopped distributing it in stores . I was happy with the price point , and excited that after a few years I was able to get my signature scent back ; I am disappointed that every time I spray the perfume leaks out the sides of the top and gets all over my hand , making it difficult to apply .
 After ordering this item and paying in full , it was promptly delivered to the wrong person , in another city-Scentopia was NO HELP AT ALL-they NEVER returned any of my calls - while UPS finally was able to retrieve the pkg and deliver it to me correctly-the perfume does smell a little different than the what it should-this company was so impossible to deal with and the customer service is nonexistant-I will NEVER ORDER FROM THIS COMPANY AGAIN
 Frankly I just do n't like this perfume . It has that typical , cloying smell of perfume and smells rather strong , I think . Powerful floral fragrance should be the description on the perfume . If applied lightly it 's okay , but in my opinion very typical of a perfume smell . There does n't seem to be anything particularly unique or enticing in the fragrance.Sorry , but I would not recommend this perfume .
 I used this product for years before they discontinued it and thought it 5 stars . However , not anymore . They claim it is the original product and not changed - doubt it . I was happy at first to see it back on the market and bought it . However , I find it tacky and not at all easy to distribute over the face - it just sits there and looks like one is wearing grease . It takes hours before it is absorbed into the skin . I used to wear this under foundation - you can not do this with the resurrected product - too greasy . It might be acceptable as a night cream but that is it . Extremely disappointed .
 I had used this product in the past for years . Then I could no longer find it anywhere . Was so happy when I found it on Amazon.com . Ordered the 2 bottles it said was available . Received them and never have I been so dissapointed . This product appears to have been watered down and is not worth two cents . I wasted $ 19.95 ! Never will order anything from these vendors again !
 I got this blow dryer because it is a Chi and usually anything by them is perfect . Well this time they got it wrong.The Pros : * Super super quiet * The air flow is n't strong so it does n't blow your hair all over the place , but it is still as hot as any other dryer.The Cons : * It does n't dry any faster than any other blow dryer * For the life of me I could not get it to stay on for more than 2 minutes . It kept on clicking off.I have very thick curly hair and it takes me 20-30 minutes to dry my hair , and 2 minutes is all this thing would give me . After about 10 mins of trying to get it to work -LRB- holding in front of my fan to cool it off -RRB- i went back to my conair . This is getting packed up and taken back to BB&B ; -LRB- where I got it for $ 90 -RRB- .
 this stuff smelled pretty good , but did n't really make my face feel any better than cheaper scrubs
 If you suffer from Rosacea -LRB- I suffer from a mild case of this -RRB- stay away from this product and scrubs in general as it will only aggravate the condition . Use the glycolic face wash , also from Anthony Logistics . It will keep your face squeaky clean without increasing redness or excessive dryness in the skin .
 The smell of the Anthony facial scrub is fantastic , but it feels more like soap than scrub . It does n't last long and is very expensive . I suggest going to a store that carries Anthony and asking for samples before you purchase . Even cheap drug store products like Nivea for Men have far superior facial scrubs .
 Smells fine ... and this is where the excitement ends . I 've been looking for a face scrub to replace Arbonne 's expensive product , but so far no good . Anthony 's product is just an over-priced joke . Someone at this company obviously does n't know the difference between `` scrub '' and `` wash '' .
 Product is great . Unfortunately it is not the product ordered and paid for . I would n't recommend using Amazon in the future for similar online purchases .
 Save your money - either they are using old , dirty tubs to put the udder balm in , or they 're doing something that leaves them moldy , which I 'm sure ruins the balm.Nasty , gross , possibly dangerous , and a TOTAL waste of money !
 Since `` Realities '' , had good reviews , and a low price , I gave it a try.The wife said it smells like bug spray . I ca n't trust the Amazon reviews.I was just trying to save money ; but I 'll have to go back to `` Pleasures by Estee Lauder '' . The price is much higher , but it smells very good and does n't hang in the air for five hours.You get what you pay for .
 I bought this along with Victoria 's Secret Very Sexy For Him2 , and Locoste -LRB- not sure of the name , the bottle is clear , the liquid is green , and of course there 's a lizard on the side -RRB- . The latter two smell wonderful and I get a lot of good comments , but this crap smells like alcohol and i would n't even put it on my dogs . I might as well put it in the trash ... . on that note i think i will .
 This cologne has a very weird smell similar to Off ! insect repellent or those citronella candles . It smells more like women 's perfume than men 's cologne . I bought it because of the price and the reviews on here . Just pass on it if you are thinking about buying it .
 Realities for Men was a blind buy , and I learn the disadvantage of blind buy in a hard way . The cologne starts out well , but as it dries down , the woody scent becomes really overpowering . It literally gives me headache every time I wear this fragrance . You can catch the oriental blend of tea , sandalwood , cedar wood which could have been pleasant , but to me , it almost smells like a woman perfume because of sandalwood . I notice that one of the reviews here also state that it does smell like a woman perfume after 30 minutes or so.It is interesting that a lot of people say , it is a fresh summer fragrance . I agree with them for some extent but `` Realities '' is not that fresh . I feel like it 's almost there but not quite . Paradoxically , being close to fresh but not quite , gives me a gloomy mood . In terms of projection , it is a little bit weaker than most of the perfumes I have tried , but it is ok . I do n't know about the longevity because I washed it off after an hour . That 's the longest I can stand the scent -LRB- headache -RRB- . I have asked opinions from my friends , and they also do not like the scent that much . When you wear a fragrance , you might want to consider people around you as well . You can expect few comments wearing this perfume . It is my subjective opinion , and my suggestion is to smell the fragrance first before you buy it .
 These have a nice price , but they are more abrasive then a buff puff so you may not want to use them on your face . They do not last as long as a buff puff .
 I used to buy the small round white cleansing puffs and I could use one of them for months . These break down a lot quicker so have to use them quicker .
 I strongly recommend you use this once and then wait a few days to see how your skin copes with it - it 's very strong . My dermatologist recommended this to treat dark under-eye circles and for the first few days I used it , the colour and texture of my skin did seem to be improving , then the skin itching and going red , and I had a strong burning sensation . I could n't go out for a week it got so red and sore , and got worse even in the few days after I stopped using the product . I told my doctor , who said reactions like this were unheard of - I must have been using too much , he said . A few months later I tried again , a single application of a TINY bit . My eyes looked better within hours but two days later -LRB- with no further usage -RRB- they were burning again , so I wo n't be using it any more . I may well be an unusual case but I recommend you use it with caution .
 I also had a bad reaction to `` hypoallergenic '' NeoStrata PHA 4 . Initially , I really loved this cream because it went on smoothly , not greasy , no perfumy smell , etc. . The next two days , however , sucked with a * maddening * itch , irritation , redness , puffiness , and even little blisters or something of that nature . The upper lids experienced the worst of it all - even had to sleep with a cool washcloth at my bedside . Guess I need to forsake the sci-fi concoctions and to stick to botanicals .
 I may have jumped the gun on thinking that this was a great product ! But after using it several times in the evening before bed , I would wake up the next morning with eyes so puffy , it looked like I had been in a fight ! Either I am allergic to this product , or the product is n't good . Determine this for yourself ...
 I ordered a number of these because of the great price . Well , that was a mistake . I 've been using this product for around 10 years and have bought it in up to a 1 liter container . After having these tubes in my cupboard for a couple months , they separated and I poured over 1/4 cup of WATER out of each tube . This product has NEVER `` separated '' before . Do NOT be fooled into buying this watered down product . And do n't expect any help from the seller . I emailed them numerous times with NO response .
 I have used California Sun Glow by Steiner for years . When I received the Original Indian earth makeup powder I thoughtit was going the be a similar product . It is so red and I am having a very hard time applying it without looking like I have been out in the sun too long , plus I have it all over everything . I should return it .
 First and foremost , this product is not for everyone . It definitely is not for me . Having a rough beard and sensitive skin is ... well not so great . Throw in having ingrown hair issues ... practically a disaster . That being said , this product does have alcohol in it so it burns like a mother when put on post shave . I figured to get rid of ingrown hairs I 'd have to deal with the initial pain as long as everyone dealt with my screaming when I put it on . Unfortunately , that was n't the only issue that I have with the product . I probably did n't use it long enough to see any real results , but what it did do was give me acne -LRB- tiny whiteheads -RRB- whenever I used it . So I discontinued use , and those little buggers went away . Unfortunately , I 'm still stuck with those pesky ingrowns . I 'll have to go back to using my other treatment solution . The major reason I gave this a shot was more product for the money . I guess quality over quantity wins this battle .
 The overall effect is almost absent . It did not make things worse , and there might even be an improvement . Yet , if there is , it is so small that I can not really see it after a month of use . I will have to go for some other product .
 I have been using this product for almost a month and still , did n't notice any changes . I still get ingrown hair going . I really wish I could find a product that solve this issue , because even what the different doctors gave me did n't work ! hate it !
 I 've been using this product daily for about a month now , and I have n't seen any results . It does nothing to help with ingrown hairs already present , and it has n't prevented new ingrown hairs . Save your money .
 I GOT THE LOTION TODAY , SMELL SO GOOD BUT GOES AWAY INMEDIATLE , WHAT A HEK I DICIDE TO KEEP IT TO MUCH TROUBLE TO RETURN IT.IT WONT LAST TO LONG
 I ordered this flat iron because my CHI had a short in it and kept turning off while I was using it . I have loved my CHI and it has done a great job for several years now . But when I received the FHI Platform I was very disappointed in the lack of quality . It was so bad that I sent it back immediately , which I rarely , if ever do . It would n't even get as hot as my CHI that was cutting on and off . It was advertised as getting to 450 degrees and the CHI only to 410 . But it did n't nearly get as hot as the CHI . I would estimate that it was maybe 350 at its hottest . That 's not hot enough to flat iron curly hair . Waste of money and time !
 I purchased this when my $ 200 T3 Tourmaline from Sephora was short circuited in Europe . Since the max temperature was the same as the T3 , I thought I could save some $ by purchasing a less expensive flat iron.Unfortunately , this does n't perform nearly as well and ends up sitting under my kitchen cabinet . I am extremely disappointed - it hardly flattens my hair , even after running it through several times . I will not re-purchase . Looks like I have to pony up the $ 200 for another T3 .
 I bought this flat iron after my CHI broke on me after ONE month . I was so angry , that even though I have used chi irons my entire life , I did not want to purchase another . I tried this flat iron instead of the CHI . I brought it back the very next day . Although it is in the same price range , there is no comparison to a CHI . My hair texture is very thick and wavy , I have used flat irons ever since I was very young to tame my hair . It is nearly to my back so very long as well . This flat iron was complete junk to me ! First of all , it took 5-10 minutes to get hot enough to style with it . It does not curl well like you can with a CHI flat iron . It barely could straighten my hair . I wo n't stray from a CHI again .
 So I was super excited to get this flat iron , but ended up very disappointed after the first use !! This flat iron curls beautifully but for some reason if I use it on my mixed/curly hair to straighten , it does not do the job good at all !!! My cheap Jilbere -LRB- the light grey one with red plates -RRB- straightens my hair much better leaving it soft , silky and bouncy . The FHI iron leaves my hair dull and dry and gives it a horrible texture when straightening ... But like I said earlier , it curls very very very nicely so i use the Jilbere to straighten and the FHI to curl ... lol
 The plates did not touch so my hair went right through the iron , did n't see at first this was then problem so after this discovery I sent it back
 The flat iron quit working after ONE TIME . Will not heat up . Ridiculous . Will be returning and getting it somewhere else .
 The Heat Platform did not work when I received it . After reviewing the picture here and the the styling iron that I received is not the same . I also compared my Styling Iron to one received by my Niece - both ordered at the same time and they are not the same.I am returning the Styling Iron in hopes to get the &#34; real &#34; FHI Heat Plaltform Styling Iron .
 I had a FHI for almost 7 years before it stopped working . When I bought this one , it was working great . It heated up quickly , made my hair soft and straightened it well -LRB- I have really curly hair -RRB- . Then , after about 3 months , it stopped working . For the amount I paid , I expected the iron to work for much longer than that . And the warranty is only for 30 days . Sadly , I 'm very disappointed because it was a total waste of money .
 I had to return this iron because when I plugged it in nothing happened ! I ended up buying the same iron directly from my salon to get a warranty . Amazon was helpful in taking my return and refunding me
 I was very excited to receive the fhi 1 '' flat iron . The box and product appeared to be the same as my other fhi irons -LRB- which I purchased from an authorized dealer -RRB- , authentic . Upon using it a few times , I noticed the plates were not as smooth going down the hair shaft , nor did they straighten as well as the other fhi irons I have . I inspected the flat iron and compared it to my other fhi irons and noticed the product is not authentic . The base portion of the cord where it swivels is not the same as the other four irons I have -LRB- in various sizes -RRB- , and the heating element seems to only work in the middle of the plate instead of evenly across among other inconsistencies . This vendor is selling a knock off ! Needless to say I 'm extremely disappointed ... what a waste of money !
 Professional hairstylist who previously used CHI and Paul Mitchell flatirons . Researched the FHI Irons extensively prior to purchase , and I am slightly disappointed . Rated low due to iron breaking within 30 days of purchase and not able to use wet to dry , like indicated on packaging . While in use , gives off strange fumes that create irritation of eyes and throat . Total waste of money . Not better than the CHI .
 All I have to say is check the box and do your comparisons with an authentic FHI to the one that you are looking into purchasing on ebay/amazon . I am stuck with a piece of junk that dries my hair out and does not hold up in any weather . Be careful . My stylist uses the FHI platform in the salon and I 've tried the runway . They work amazing . So imagine my surprise when my FHI turns out to look nothing like theirs and does n't even compare in performance .
 Loved it while it worked . However , after just a little over 6 months it no longer heats up . FHI wo n't do anything since Amazon is not a `` authorized '' retailer and they ca n't verify that it is even an original product , which is shady business practices in my opinion !
 I bought this product in 2008 and i must say it did a pretty good job . I previously owned a CHI and the temperature control on this iron was what I wanted because my CHI did n't possess that . Well long story short the end of 2010 my flat iron just completely stopped working . I did some research and decided to get another FHI Heat Platform iron . I bought it from an authorized dealer an the differences were astonishing : -LRB- 1 -RRB- where there should be a registered trademark sign , there is just a degree sign , -LRB- 2 -RRB- There is no company information as far as contact information on the box of the non-authentic iron , -LRB- 3 -RRB- the iron itself looks different . Whoever makes this fake actually makes a pretty decent iron , but I am sure you can get a flat iron for the same quality for cheaper . If you are going to buy an FHI flatiron make sure you buy an authentic one that is really covered by a warranty , because this fake iron is not . Hope this helps ! Caveat emptor !
 Discount Jungle sent me a fake or a FHI that did not work , because a friend of mine has the exact one she ordered from ebay and it does wonders on my natural hair . I am going to order a new one form ebay .
 The flat iron is good when it 's working . The first one we bought from Amazon lasted 1 year and then stopped working . We bought a second one through Amazon and it lasted 6 months . When I called FHI I was told they would not honor the warranty because Amazon is not an authorized dealer . Save your money and go with the Babyliss Pro Nano Titanium 11/2 '' . Much better flat iron with a 4 year warranty - and it 's cheaper than the FHI .
 There was a problem with the iron when it arrived . I previously had the same model , and it lasted four years . In the end , my first iron started shorting , so I decided to purchase a new one . I was very disappointed to find that the new one arrived and started shorting out immediately . I decided to return the iron and get another type since this appears to be a problem with the FHI Platform .
 I like it , but I do n't think it 's worth the $ 200 as advertised nor can I tell that it 's better than a Chi iron . It 's a good iron , but the ionic crap and all the extras they use to describe it to sale it is not anything I can see .
 After receiving a recommendation from my stylist to purchase the FHI flat iron , I have purchased 2 in the past month . The first one worked great for two weeks and then stopped heating up . Amazon took it back . I purchased a second FHI flat iron through Amazon , but it came from Discount Jungle . On the second day of using it , it sparked and burned my daughters hair , then shorted out and wo n't heat up . The hair has since fallen out and she has a bunch of short ends near her scalp . Discount Jungle offered to replace it , however , I have no confidence in the quality of the flat iron now and will go with another brand . When it did work my daughter said it was the best flat iron she ever used and made her hair feel silky . The results on my hair were fabulous , but I 'm too frustrated to try it again . Two defective flat irons from the same company are enough for me ! ** UPDATE ** Discount Jungle required ME to pay the return shipping and then charged ME a 10 % `` restocking '' fee for the return . I would NEVER purchase anything from Discount Jungle again ! Beware !!
 I purchased this item last month . However , when I got the item , I was actually sent a FHI Technique G2 -LRB- lower end model -RRB- . I did n't realize this until too late and ca n't return it now . When I called the vendor , I was told there was a mix-up in how the item was cataloged and the Technique price is showing up for the Platform model on Amazon . A Platform model would normally be around $ -LSB- ... -RSB- , on sale . The vendor 's records showed it always as the Technique model and because they get their orders from Amazon , they do n't see your order details.The vendor has given me a refund for the price difference between the Technique and Platform , but I 'm still out $ -LSB- ... -RSB- bucks.You may not experience this problem , but beware . I see the current vendor is not the same vendor as when I bought it , but the price is close to what I paid which makes me suspicious.Because of that , I do n't know what rating to give the Platform model because I have been using the Technique model . As far as the Technique model goes , it does n't get hot enough and therefore does not straighten my hair to my satisfaction -LRB- Japanese thick black course hair -RRB- . If you ca n't afford the Runway , my hair stylist says the Platform series is good -LRB- it 's a matter of ceramic coating versus all ceramic plates driving up the price for the Runway -RRB- .
 DO NOT BUY THIS OR ANY OTHER FHI PRODUCT !! I bought this for my daughter for her Birthday . She used it for about 5 weeks and it died . It was past the 30 day return window for Amazon so I contacted the manufacturer . They stated that they do not warranty any product not sold by them directly or through a professional beauty salon . I asked them why that was and they said places like Amazon allow other sellers to sell counterfeit products through the Amazon website , therefore they will not even consider my case . I found it appalling that someone would say that Amazon allows counterfeit products to be sold on their webite !! Is this true and I am that naive or did FHI just slander Amazon ???
 This straightener is a good straightener , but it does n't last long for what you pay for it . I bought mine last year for $ 90 . Less than a year later , the cord is shorting out and the straightener wo n't stay on unless I position the cord in such a way that the light remains lit . I 'm actually a little worried about getting electrocuted lately because you can hear it popping , so I 've retired my one year old $ 90 straightener and am currently seeking another . This is my second FHI straightener and I have course frizzy hair and while it does do the job , my hair submits to heat and humidity very easily and straightening has little effect on subduing that . I 'm going to look for a less expensive straightener on here with good reviews because in my opinion a straightener that 's close to $ 100 should last much longer than one year .
 I 've owned CHI irons and thought I 'd try this one . It lasted only a month and , as someone else stated , there is no warranty ... which I was n't aware of . A little disappointed with Amazon with how this was handled .
 This product worked great for 4 months and now it wo n't heat at all . I am very disappointed in this product . From what i understand , there is no warranty through FHI since it was purchased through Amazon . I am not happy about this product .
 I would go ZERO if possible . Bought this 11 months ago . Today it broke . It has a one year warranty , but they will only honor it if you bought it for 2-3x the price at a `` professional salon '' or their website . Just saying for all the wonderful reviews here , when it breaks do n't expect FHI to honor any warranty because `` we have determined that Amazon is not an authorized professional salon and they could sell counterfeit products '' , yeah whatever could , but do n't . What if a salon sold it through Amazon , ever think of that ? So it 's your product that broke DURING you warranty period , you wo n't honor your warranty . Made in Korea is what the label says , and that says it all I suppose . Crap . So , basically what they 've said is `` if you want any warranty , then you have to buy directly from the FHI website where we will double the price '' . Just saying , dont ' expect much .
 I purchased one of these for my daughter in March . In November she told me it had stopped working . I contacted FHI client support . The woman asked me where I bought it , and as soon as I told her it was through Amazon she said they do n't honor the warranty if it 's purchased through an `` unauthorized distributor . '' I could n't believe my ears and kept asking her how that was anything but crooked . She had one lame excuse after another . In my opinion they have no intention of honoring their warranty and provide their staff with a laundry list of excuses . I 'm not going to spend hundreds of dollars pursuing legal action , so the best I can do is warn others . Do NOT purchase an FHI product .
 They claim that this straightener does not burn your hair because it heats your hair from the `` inside out . '' Also because it produces steam not smoke . Let me just make it clear that if it is making your hair steam , it is drying it out and damaging your hair . I have been very disappointed in this company 's products and they will lie all over their marketing to make them seem better than they really are . For example , they say that their hairdryer is unique because of its AC motor . Any device that is plugged into a wall outlet uses AC power . Buy a different brand .
 The FHI Platform is a great iron when it works . Too bad after using the iron TWICE , it has already shorted out . And as prviously stated , no warranty honored here . I have learned my lesson and will now buy locally where returns are easier . Very disappointed .
 I bought this flat iron and returned it two weeks later , for the money that is wanted for it , it is not worth it . I purchased a jose ' eber flat iron who is a world known celebrity stylist , although it is more expensive it is so worth the money . It truly eliminates frizz and if you are looking for a quality product this flat iron is well worth the money . It doesnt even show temperature setting but heats up so hot it smokes but does not damage hair because it has infrared , truly amazing and well worth the money . Oh and I am African American with fine to medium hair and it really does the trick , check out his site .
 When this flat iron arrived at my house , i was so excited to use it . I heard a lot of good reviews about and i could n't wait to test it out on my hair . so i go in the bathroom i plugged it up , and i worked fine at first , but then it automatically shut off . -LSB- Now let me just note the i am a teenager who 's african american with 100 % natual hair -RSB- so i called the company and told them my problem . the company said that amazon is not an autorized seller . that got a little concerned . but i just wanted to make sure it was good , so i tried it . 1st off , the dang thing would only stay on if it were at 450 degrees . my mom told me to let it sit for about 10 min before i try it . so when i tested it on my hair , i noticed black smoke from the iron . IT COMPLETELY BURN OUT MY HAIR !!!!!!!!!! before i knew , my hair basically melted , and was just completely messed up and it was falling off my head . unless u want DAMAGED , BURNT , AN UNHEALTHY HAIR , do not get this product .
 So I bought this flat iron after doing a lot of research on it and thought it would be awesome and for such a good discount . I got mine for Christmas and was excited , and it did in fact work , my hair was straight and shiny and I have naturally tight curls , in fact it was one of the best flat irons Ive ever used that could straighten my curls so well . UNTIL IT BROKE DOWN just one Week after I got it in the mail and it was not dropped or handled in any harsh way . It literally just stop heating up right when i was half way through finishing my hair for a touch up . I thought it was just one of the few that were defective so amazon graciously replaced it for me . The replacement one I had for almost a whole 30 days until it to broke just the other day and the same way ! It stopped heating up for no reason . I just sent mine in the mail and im getting a full refund . DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME WITH THIS FLAT IRON THE 100 DOLLARS AND CONSTANT REPLACEMENTS IS NOT WORTH IT . AND BECAUSE AMAZON GIVES YOU ONLY 30 DAYS TO REPLACE OR REFUND IT YOUR OUT OF LUCK IF IT BREAKS DOWN ON YOU AFTER THAT . THE COMPANY FOR FHI WILL NOT !!!! HONOR YOUR 2 YEAR WARRANTY BECAUSE IT WAS PURCHASED ON AN INTERNET SIGHT THAT 'S NOT A BEAUTY COMPANY , SAYS SO RIGHT IN THE BOOKLET THAT COMES IN THE BOX . SO IT DID WORK BUT THE FACT THAT IT BREAKS DOWN TWICE IN A ROW THE SAME WAY IN JUST A MATTER OF WEEKS MAKES THIS ONE OF THE WORST FLAT IRONS TO PURCHASE . NEVER AGAIN WILL I CONSIDER BUYING A FLAT IRON OF THIS BRAND . SO FOR THOSE OF YOU WHO HAVE RECENTLY BOUGHT IT MAKE SURE YOU GIVE IT A RUN FOR ITS MONEY TO MAKE SURE IT WORKS FOR MORE THAN 14 DAYS .
 My daughter as bought this product before and it lasted 2 yrs . The one we purchased from World of Beauty only lasted 1 week and we had to send it back . We are still waitng since March 16th for a replacement.Not only was this unit defective I had to pay to send it back . . so much for saving any money . .
 I am very unsatisfied with this buy . The flat iron worked wonderfully while it worked . Bought at the end of June and already broken in December . The worst part is Amazon 's attitude towards the situation . They refused to replace the product because the return window had closed , even though they are aware that as being unauthorized resellers of the product the manufacturer 's guarantee does not apply . Keep this in mind when buying the flat iron or buy from somewhere else !!!
 I 've ordered FHI Irons before but for some reason this one was not as good as the previous one I owned . I had to set this iron almost to its highest temperature for it to perform like my other one . Plus I think this one is an older version so it probably explains why it does n't work properly . Also , the encircled logo where it says FHI has popped off which I found a little odd . I 'm basically disappointed and not sure if I should trust the buyer or not because the picture was misleading too -LRB- it looks nothing like the iron I received -RRB- . In short FHI works really well so I am returning this for a better one probably from another buyer as well .
 Mostly I consider Amazon.com to be THE top seller on the Internet due to their excellent customer service policy and their flexible ordering system . However , I consider it a MAJOR flaw on Amazon 's part that they are not presently disclosing in the listing for this item that Amazon is not an authorized reseller and that the manufacturer will therefore not honor any warranty on this item . By not disclosing that Amazon is not authorized and that there is no warranty
 This parfum did not smell in any way like fresh laundry on me . I was disappointed and expected more for the price.I was looking for a fragrance that was unique . This smelled just like all the other floral fragrances .
 I ordered this perfume because of the many reviews that said this smelled light and clean . I received it and could n't wait to wear it . I can not tell you how disappointed I am in this scent . It smells just like Lemon Pledge . I absolutely can not wear it bc it smells like a cleaning product ... and it is so loud and abrasive . I even went to work to try to find someone to pawn this off on and absolutely no one wanted any of it . They would curl their nose in disgust and shrink away from it . I realize perfume is very subjective and I am sure others hate my very favorite perfume -LRB- White Gardenia Petals -RRB- , but I did want to offer an alternate view .
 This perfume really does smell clean but it 's a little over-powering . I typically do not wear perfume that I can smell on myself all day b/c it makes me sick . This perfume definitely sticks around so I wo n't buy it anymore . I like perfume that fades into a more natural smell . This perfume is so strong , when I eat , my food tastes like it . But for the overall smell , it does smell like a laundry detergent .
 It burn my eyes and never saw any real results . This is the second time I tried it and wo n't be using it any more
 I 'm fighting dark circles , bags and crows feet around my eyes and I could n't wait to try this product . I bought this cream , confident it would be a huge help and it was n't . My eyes watered , which made them evem puffier , and in the morning I had to wash it off and use something else . I might try it again -LRB- for the price of the product I feel I have to -RRB- but my initial reaction is that it 's not as good as it 's cracked up to be ... at least not for me .
 I started to have lines under my eyes two years ago when I turned 26 . It was about 0.5 inch long under each eye . I was totally freaked out and wanted to do something about it . I started to fight these lines two years ago with Clinique 's Advanced Stop Sign . After 2 jars and no result , I had to call it a quit.Since then , I 've tried StriVectin-SD Eye Cream , Kinerase , and Creme de La Mer , which also did n't work for lines . I have to say StriVectin-SD is the worst from the bunch . It is greasy and does n't make my skin any firmer . On a bad day , I would break out . Kinerase is a little better in that it 's not greasy . La Mer was really good for firming and making my skin look dewy and soft , though it may not improve lines.I have tried using Estee Lauder Perfectionist and Advanced night repair and they both seem to improve the lines pretty well . I think I 'm gon na continue to use Estee 's products until I find anything better .
 I have sensitive skin and this product burned my skin , leaving burn marks for weeks ! Finally , I went to the dermatologist who had to prescribe something to help the skin heal . Please , check with your doctor FIRST before trying this !
 Not good
 I received a different version of this product and it is highly irritating ?????? It is a purple and white tube of a different shape although it is labeled as `` Strivectin Eye Cream '' . After applying it my eyes became very red and watery and skin itched for about 2 days . The old form -LRB- I presume -RRB- was great ... why was it changed ?
 I ordered this product -LRB- at the full price of $ 59 -RRB- because the photo showed the Strivectin Eye Cream in the Black and White tube , and in a different shaped tube , depicting the `` Original Strivectin Eye Cream Formula . '' But I received the new formula instead . I had tried a tester of the new formula in a store , and for me , it stung and left me with a mild rash . I used the original formula for several years , very satisfied and wanted more . Does anyone know where I can find it ?
 I purchased this product and noticed that the date on the back of it says &#34; 2007 &#34; so I was concerned that it was old . I emailed the company who assured me that it was fine and the date was simply the date the product was introduced . I did n't start using the product for a couple months after I got it so it was past the return policy time when I discovered it had expired . When I attempted to use it , it smelled funny and was all liquidy . I contacted Strivectin personally and they told me and I quote &#34; This Eye Cream contains a batch code that dates before our current batch code system . This means that it was produced prior to 2010 . Unfortunately we are not able to pinpoint a specific date for this product . This product has a 2 year shelf-life . I hope that this information will be helpful . &#34; They told me that this product is no longer made that 's why you wo n't find it on their website and if it came out prior to 2012 that means that InBeauty sent me a product OVER 2 YEARS OLD !!! UNACCEPTABLE !!! This company should not be allowed to sell anything !!! BEWARE and DO NOT BUY FROM INBEAUTY !!!!!!
 I 'm using all the Strivectin products with a few of the Hydroxatone ones . Out of all the product creams , this is my least favorite . It definitely does n't live up to the hype . You only need a tiny bit , so it will last a long time - maybe it 's a good long-timer product -LRB- months -RRB- . After a few weeks , it 's nothing special though . I 'd skip it and stay with the regular facial cream and get close to the eyes , it does n't irritate my skin in that area and I 'm extremely sensitive to products out there .
 I have been using this for months and I have had no results as far as helping fine lines or crows feet . It says to use morning and night , but it does not absorb well , so you cant wear it under makeup . It may work better for someone that doesnt wear makeup and can use it twice daily . I dont think it is worth the price though .
 I agree with J. Arango . Burned my eyelids which peeled in flakes like a burn victim . 1 month later , still sore , itchy , red and puffy . Never allergic before or have I had sensitive skin . Do n't buy .
 Although I should have expected it given the severely discounted price -LRB- paid ~ $ 20 , including shipping -RRB- , I was pretty disappointed and frustrated when I received the product and saw that it was NOT a genuine Strivectin SD eye cream as advertised . I 've bought real Strivectin SD eye cream through other vendors -LRB- Ulta , Sephora -RRB- , so I know what this product should be like . The packaging and design is totally different ; the color and consistency of the product itself is different -LRB- real Strivectin is very thick and pure white ; what I received was dark tan with a thin consistency -RRB- ; and most importantly the product I received does n't really do much of anything , whereas real Strivectin is amazing and highly effective.This may be an issue with the particular seller from whom I purchased this -LRB- A1A toys -RRB- and not necessarily with all the options here on Amazon ; however , I do recommend that people exercise caution , especially with the exceptionally cheap options .
 I guess I expected the little vial to at least be full instead of only 1/2 full . Is that really what an ounce looks like ?
 I do n't understand the hype and belief in this cream . It has a catchy name and it is cheap compared to a lot of other brands on the market but actually using this does n't do anything , at least not for me ... . I am in my mid-40 's & have oily -LRB- still ! -RRB- fair skin . I 've spent hundreds , if not more , on facial lotions , etc. ... I like a few but this is not one of them . Like another reviewer has stated , `` Oil of Olay '' works better or as well as this , for a lot less money ... Sorry , do not like this line and do not recommend . Maybe it is my oily skin ?
 I loved this product because it moisturized my skin and did n't make it oily . However , 2 days later ... I 've broken out in a rash all over !
 Short of Botox injections or surgery there are no miracles ... especially for older skin .
 I 've wanted this bag for a long time and finally decided to purchase it . Unfortunately , the $ 10 bag I have been using from target has better storage compartments . The ones on this bag are flat so items do n't pack as well . The hanging hook must be tucked carefully inside each time you fold it up and the string to tie it up is hard to use . The back side compartment is pretty useless except for possibly undergarments - brush or curling iron do n't fit well if you want fold it up . After fighting with it on two trips I 'm happy I did n't throw out my old , way less expensive bag .
 This product did n't do anything for me , nothing more than average lip gloss , that is . The texture is grainy and coarse , I 'm assuming that 's from glitter , because it 's very glittery . And it does give an warm burning feeling but it does n't do any plumping whatsoever . The texture of the gloss will make you want to co Lnstantly rub your lips together , which may make them look fuller but that only lasts for a couple minutes . It also leaves a yucky residu on your lips after the gloss has worn off . It 's like glue . The smell is alright , it 's a cinnamon , spice type smell . Color is pretty but you may want to wear a sheer gloss over top bc it 's not very smooth
 I have a couple other Tweezerman items that I am happy with . Unfortunately , my first impression was that the clippers were awkward to hold . For starters , once unfolded for use there was nowhere to stow the fold-out nail file . So it just flopped around and got in the way ... or rubbed against the end of the lever.But that was not the biggest problem with these clippers . Notice I 'm using past tense . The biggest problem was the spring action stopped working on the very first use . So I had to turn right around and send them back.On the plus side , they come with a great warranty and free sharpening.I would only recommend these as a travel item . They fold compact but they are not the most comfortable clippers to hold .
 I bought this clipper after buying theSeki Edge Stainless Steel Fingernail Clipperand finding out that that the Seki just would n't work for me as a carry around clipper . As an older man that often works in dirty , rough conditions , I need a nail clipper that easily fits in my pocket , operates quickly and easily , especially for broken or torn nails and has a nail file and cleaner . The Seki does n't have the cleaner/nail file and is rather too large to carry around anyway.The Tweezerman folding clipper is the right size and has the cleaner and nail file , but it 's a clumsy affair . The nail file/cleaner just flops around , often getting in the way when you 're trying to clip your nails and the cleaner portion is far too large/thick to effectively get under your nails . Clipping the nails is a real challenge , at times , with this clipper . There is n't much leverage and the clipper goes to the completely flat , fold-up position when clipping the nails . That 's not good for those of us with arthritis ... . It 's also difficult to clip hang nails.In summary , I 'm sorry that I got the Tweezerman clipper and do n't see any reason not to stay with the MUCH CHEAPER and easier to useRevlon Classic Nail Clip - 1 ea .
 I have used Henckels folding clippers without problem . I purchased one of these for different kit . This model did n't have the power to clip through my thumb or finger nails . It was a waste of money .
 Have to press it all the way tight closed to create enough force for cutting . I would like more lever to it . Also , the file part just flops around while you try to cut your nails .
 After a half a dozen uses the clipper stopped working and will only just pinch the nail . It looks like the two blades are not lined up any more , ca n't understand how this would happen we only use it to cut nails . I have owned another French style clipper that worked great for over 20 years till it got misplaced . Do not waste your money on this piece of crap .
 I bought this item largely because it said it was made in USA . People can talk about components of some things coming from abroad , but bottom line - it is not made in USA ! It is imported from Asia . Totally disappointed and P.O.ed in being misled ! It 's going back to where it came from !
 Good concept , but poor , poor , poor design/implementation . Awkward to use . I hated it and was actually happy when I lost it one day .
 I ordered this because it was my favorite lipstick . I was overjoyed to find an on-line source , since I ca n't get the Mod Pink Pearl color locally.It seems the formula must have changed . It is n't the same color as I have used before . There 's less `` pearl '' and it seems lighter.I 'm not a happy camper about the color change , but the service was just fine .
 Great product but no longer available except from Ms Hung who seems to have stashed a few spares in her dresser . Whatever you can find will be WAY past the expiration date , dried up and flaky . Do n't buy - go find something else that IS currently available.Oh , and the case that goes with this does not fit ANY other product I have been able to find , including any Shiseido products as of summer 2011 .
 at work I go into the showers , and I smell the Old Spice body wash . only , I do n't know which one . I tried this one , and it does n't smell like it . It seems like Old Spice was more concerned with using cool blue colored body wash then getting a strong scent . I know that scents combine with different people 's skin differently , and this one does n't do much for me . I prefer my Armani Body Wash - that one leaves a sexy scent that whispers `` come here baby , you know you smelled me and you do n't like it , you LOVE it ! ''
 I am very disappointed !!! I used to purchase this moisturizer from Whole Foods , but they stopped carrying it lately . I was happy to find it on Amazon.Although the product photo shows the original bottle , you are not going to get the item pictured , but their `` New and Improved Formula '' that smells way differently than the original . It smells like typical hotel style sample lotion , not like sandalwood anymore . Also , the scent is very weak , and the texture of the moisturizer makes your skin feel like you have a film on it and need to wash it off.Why did they mess up their product like this ? I do n't get it !
 I bought this product years ago when it was in a glass pump container and was 3.4 ounces . I ran out of it recently and am disappointed to find that they changed the formula . It no longer smells like sandalwood . It 's a pleasant smell but it 's not the smell of sandalwood .
 I do n't like the large brush . Could I exchange it for the smaller size brush ? I would love it if the brush was smaller . Other wise I is great!Annie
 Very disappointed I plugged it in and it did not work.Was the right size product just defective . It Looked NEW !!!
 el perfume que compre no es original , ademas por el precio lo hubiese comprado en cualquier otra tienda . algunas veces compro en esta tienda pero debido a esta experiencia voy a dejar de hacerlo , a veces lo barato sale caro .
 This stuff smells like bug spray , like some of the other buyers have commented . Was really excited to get this smell , unfortunately my boyfriend wo n't be wearing it unless he plans on sleeping alone . You 'd be better off spraying yourself with some Repel bug spray .
 This has great reviews in the fashion circles that cover fragrance , but to me , it smells like an ashtray . There are multiple layers to the scent , but it 's mostly bad tobacco , and that 's the one that just wo n't wear off.It 's also very strong , so even if you love the smell , go really light with this one .
 I bought this because of all the great reviews on a fragrance site , and a sniff at the local Sephora . Unfortunately , the sexy fresh carrot-smelling top quickly disappears . The smell becomes very disturbing - stale cinnamon , stale tobacco , and fresh Raid bug spray.My people give me honest feedback about all of my fragrances . Here are five comments I received on this one :1 . Dull .2 . Smells like weed .3 . Smells like trees . It 's like sniffing the bark of a tree .4 . Smells really old .5 . I do n't like it.I sold the bottle on eBay for 33 bucks . I 've never been happier to lose 7 dollars.It is a classic , just like classical music - it 's been around for years , and most people prefer something else .
 I really wanted to like this cologne after reading so many great reviews on it . However , everytime I try to wear it all I can smell is a little old lady who put on way too much cheap hairspray . Not my cup of tea .
 Love the smell , its unisex . Smell lasts longer on clothing than on skin . The smell strength on my skin is too low , it might work differently on your skin . Unlike me , always test before you buy . I will try Drakkar Noir next time .
 This has been the only perfume I have purchased since my Senior Prom , more than 30 years ago . The fragrance is just terrific . Nothing compares to the fresh and sophisticated smell of it . Sadly the fragrance wo n't last . After using it couple of times the smell of Vetiver just vanishes and is quickly replaces by an alcoholized smell . So now I buy it for special occasions when I feel nostalgic about the brand new smell and it buy it in the smallest size possible . Sad that Guerlain has not improved the formula after so many years .
 This is not a 6 pack ... only one bar of soap comes . Definitely disappointed with that false information . The soap itself is amazing , however .
 Icky , Icky , Icky.I received this soap as a gift and it was nasty . The best thing I can say is that it melted quickly in the tub .
 I HAVE ORDERED THIS PRODUCT BEFORE , FROM ANOTHER SELLER.EVEN THOUGH THERE IS A 2017 DATE , ON WRAPPER , WHICH APPEARS TO BE AN EXPIRATION DATE , THIS BAR OF SOAP , USED FOR THE FIRST TIME , HAD NO SUDSING ACTION , & MINIMAL FRAGRANCE , UNLIKE PAST PRODUCT USAGE .
 I love the smell of lemongrass but this was a little overwhelming and the soap seemed to dissolve away to quickly . Lathered up nice and left skin feeling good but fragrance was to strong for me .
 The powder arrived in its box . On opening the powder container itself , the inner paper lining was broken and powder ` went everywhere ' . I was not happy about this . I managed to save about half of the powder and felt it was n't worth the effort to exchange it as it takes so long .
 The brush is too soft and it did n't really comb my hair well -LRB- was sliding on top without going closer to scalp . I guess it could be good for fine hair or for kids
 The brush I saw that was bought in a hair salon did not have any plastic looking bristles in the brush . This one does . I like the brush but wish it would have been 100 % boars hair . Quick shipping thru Amazon ! :0 -RRB-
 The brush is too soft and it did n't really comb my hair well -LRB- was sliding on top without going closer to scalp . I guess it could be good for fine hair or for kids
 The brush I saw that was bought in a hair salon did not have any plastic looking bristles in the brush . This one does . I like the brush but wish it would have been 100 % boars hair . Quick shipping thru Amazon ! :0 -RRB-
 I love the rest of the philosophy skin care line , but I ca n't say that my face has gotten anything but breakouts from this product . Stick to the purity cleanser , hope is not enough serum , hope in a jar and hope in a tube -LRB- the make-up optional package -RRB- and you will have great soft skin results .
 I thought I was getting 2 bottles of shampoo-not ! This product is way overpriced for only one bottle ! I returned and was charged for return shipping ! Someone needs to change the picture of product ! BTW-I love this shampoo !!
 FYI , I just received this in the mail and it is one bottle not two like in the image . I like this product but am disappointed that the image does not represent what I actually received .
 Dead Sea Nail Care Manicure Kit - Nail Buffer , File , Lotion , - Professional Nails in 5 Minutes!I received this kit for Christmas and ca n't begin to express my diappointment with it . I gave it one star only because I did n't want readers to think I forgot to rate it if I gave it zero stars . Most of the products in the kit do n't hold up . There were problems as soon as I took the kit out of the package . First the sides peeled off the Emory stick . I did n't concern myself too much because emory boards are cheap and easy to find . Then the silk surface of the buffing block wore completely off within a month . I had only used it 4 or 5 times . The clincher is that you ca n't buy just the buffing block . In order to get another buffing block , I have to buy the whole kit for $ 50.00 even though I 've barely made a dent in the cuticle oil and the hand cream . The cream left my hands nice and soft but I saw nothing special about it that rates the cost . My opinion of the cuticle oil is the same as for the hand cream . I really did love the way this product made my nails look and feel so smooth and shiney , especially since I do n't have the time to mess around with nailpolish , which only gets destroyed in the lab anyway , but I ca n't recommend it . If you are considering buying this product , do n't waste your money . In the end all you end up with is cuticle oil and handcream and you can pay a lot less for the same thing at the drug store .
 I was extremely disappointed with this product . Although my nails looked shiny , I did n't have the protection of nail polish to keep my nails from breaking . When I decided to polish my nails , I found that the nail polish began to wear off later the same day because of the slickness of the buffed nails . I paid $ 50 for the kit at a mall kiosk , a total waste of money .
 Although the product might be okay , it was not what I ordered or what was pictured on your site . I was sent via email a postage paid label to return the product and did receive a full refund and apology .
 I purchased this product with very high hopes of being able to style my short hair ! However , for every day styling , this flat iron does n't work very well for me ! The curved plates serve a purpose , but not for just a regular pass through and simple style ! It heats up well and super fast ! However , clamped together , the plates are very chunky !! Overall , this flat iron is ok ! But I do n't get much use out of it !!
 just go to walmart and buy a gallon of old spice for 5 bux , b/c that is essentially what this stuff smells like . . it 's not particularly good or anything , not sure why it has such high reviews , shipping was a little slow as well .
 It seems to me that these wipes did indeed keep me from burning , but something is wrong with these wipes ! They removed my nail polish completely and also caused the black paint to come off my umbrella handle and smear everywhere . I do n't know what they put in these wipes because normal sunscreen does not remove nail polish !
 I was looking for something that lasts longer and without a need to re-apply . This does not do it for me .
 there is no smell at all ... you have to empty half of the bottle to get soem thing out of it . . its damn fake and my 60 bucks is juts gone down teh trash ... its fake , fake fake , , , the real thing is gon na cost about 130 bucks ... its fake
 I have been very please always with Amazon , but this time I became very disappointed about my last order . I bought 2 On Ella parfums By Juan del Pozo for Mothers Day . Yesterday may 5th , they arrived with their boxes totally broken and without any congratulations card as required , both together wrapped with papers like bananas and I do not really know what to do.Esther Aymerich
 I bought this brush hoping that it would be a good dupe of a Sigma Angle Brush . It is DEFINITELY NOTHING LIKE THAT BRUSH . This brush is not dense and has hair sticking out like it was havinga bad hair day ! Resembles and reminds me of a mini broom that has been used badly .
 Twice now and I said nothing the first time but now I am . WHY POST IT IF YOU DO NOT HAVE IT ???????????????????
 What I ordered shouls have included the shower gel . It did n't , the shower gel was replaced with a very small bottle of Obsession Night.Obsession By Calvin Klein For Women . Set-eau De Parfum Spray 3.3 Ounces & Body Lotion 3.3 Ounces & Shower Gel 3.3 Ounces
 I had a red blonde . I always use Loreal , but after using 7N L'oreal Natural Match , my hair is black
 I received this product and was going to give as a Xmas present . I tried and tried to get it to work , changed batteries again and again It finally did work one time when I thru it down but that was the only time.I just got frustrated with it and threw it away , since it was then to late to give as a present.Bob McKay
 it is what it says it is ... but not what i was expecting . . was not impressed ... would not recommend to others ... pretty lame actually !
 The mirror is not very motion sensitive so most of the time when people pick it up and set it back down , it does n't respond with the laugh it is supposed to deliver . Disappointing .
 There is no experation date on the container but I think it may be expired because it has an odd texture and is really really thick ... I would n't buy anymore products from Amazon .
 I saw this selection of men 's cologne from Lalique and thought they would make a nice gift for my nephew . I admit to a certain innocence regarding the brand as I thought that the bottles would be Lalique -LRB- I should have realized from the price that it would be unlikely -RRB- . When they arrived , I could smell the cologne through the packaging , so I opened it up to see if a bottle broke . Indeed , one bottle had leaked . Even more disconcerting , though , were the bottles themselves . The decorative tops are a cheap , molded plastic . The leaking , cheap bottles simply could not be used as a gift . I have to say , though , that Amazon was wonderful when I contacted them about my disappointment .
 I 'll say the pro 's first . It covered nicely , went on smooth and helped with my splotchy makeup.However , so much for being `` acne '' friendly!The next morning I broke out in random pimples and could n't figure out what could have caused it.Then I researched the ingredients and silicone is known to clog pores.If you do n't have acne prone skin this would be great for you . It 's dumb that it is specified for acne prone skin though.Also it is only 1 oz which is really nothing .
 I have used this lotion now for about 2 years , from various sources , and this is the first time I have run into what I felt was either a counterfeit product or very old . When I received the bottle , the first thing I noticed is that it was sealed in a shrink wrap . This is not how the lotions are sealed from the factory . Then when I took the shrink wrap off and twisted the top off , the little plastic piece with a hole in it -LRB- so you can squirt out the lotion -RRB- was removed . I could n't think of another reason this would be besides they refilled it . Okay , first two things are frustrating , but as long as the product is good , so am I. Well it was n't . I am very familiar with this product and I can promise it was either counterfeit , old , or watered down.Buyer beware when ordering from this supplier . ITS A SCAM .
 This is definitely not like having an aloe plant in a can . I should have known better since after we bought this I checked the ingredients and it has fragrance added and there is more alcohol in it than aloe vera . Target was closing so I grabbed and hurried out . I sprayed some on my daughter 's sunburn which had n't bothered her . After this went on , it made it burn for a period of time afterward . I was looking for a spray for my 8 year old since I knew he 'd rather not have me touch him to appy aloe gel . Guess I need to keep looking for something with natural and necessary ingredients that soothe instead of burning .
 I bought this before vacation `` in case of a sunburn '' . Well , the burn happened but the spray did n't help . It feels good going on , but the relief is temporary and did not provide the moisture my skin needed . When you look at the ingredients # 3 is alcohol ... not such a good thing for burned , dehydrated skin . We ended up buying an aloe gel at the gift shop and I feel much better !
 this is not anything that I would recommend to anyone , nor would I wear it . as soon as I put it on , I immediately had a strong negative visceral reaction . I tried to wash it off , but it would not wash off . Finally after a few hours , it has disappeared . Think carefully before purchasing . It smells nothing like fresh lily of the valley .
 Do n't let the pink bottle fool you , this fragrance is neither sweet nor girlie . After reading the notes on Fragrantica I felt like this was a `` must have '' but the opening is so strong/awful hairspray & leather that it obliterates the potential for me to detect any notes . Comes off very masculine , but not in a spicy/musky way . More like a bitter/green masculine with Lemon Pledge in there . I do n't HATE Miss Balmain . It does n't give me migraines or make me want to gag , but I certainly do not like it . I have 95 % full 3.3 oz bottle that 's just been sitting in my jewlery drawer for months .
 I have worn Provocative perfume for several years and was sorry that I can no longer find it in the stores . I did order some from Amazon last year with no problem . What I received this year was NOT Provocative . Same bottle , same box , different content . The Provoative I have been using is clear ... This is amber . This fragrance is mild , though not offensive ... but it is not Provocative . Who knows what I really received . I would send it back but it is too much trouble . I am disappointed !
 I purchased this perfume in August 2011 as a birdday gift for a very special person . After I last saw her back in September I have not had any further conversation until today . I asked her how much she liked my gift , and to my surprise she said that the product did no seemed to be legit , the fragrance smell mostly like alcohol , that this perfume was not what she had used in the past . I finished the conversation and felt ashamed and embarased , I did not know that Amazon could sell something like my friend discribed to me .
 Perfume was a cheap imitation of the perfume I have used for 6 years . Even the bottle was different . Company 's return policy for knock off items is for you to give them a blank credit card authorization so that they can charge you $ 250 if their lab does n't agree ! Finally , Amazon did credit my money .
 At first , it 's a beautiful floral scent , then it dries to something that gives me a headache . I can not detect what smell it is , but it 's not pleasant . I can not detect vanilla in this at all .
 I loved the smell in the magazines so I decided to get it . Well ... it was good at first ... and then I got tired . It smells a little cheap and sort of like pine . I sometiems use it , but let me tell you it smells good on your armpits -LRB- that 's what I use it for -RRB- . I think this smell reminds me of some kind of cologne that has been worn for tooo long .
 I was a little afraid to try this after reading some of the reviews , but the list of ingredients sounded wonderful so I gave it a try . I love it ! It 's surprising . It changes . On me , when I first put it on it takes on a white floral scent . When I first applied it , I was surprised that it seemed like a floral '' . . but hours later I was smelling Vanilla . I was very surprised to realize it was me ! VERY interesting ! Very cool ! Lighter than the Original Poison , it may become my Spring/Summer choice !
 This perfume deserves negative stars . I was in Macy 's when I saw this fragrance on the Dior counter . The bottle is gorgeous , and I really like Hypnotic Poison and Miss Dior Cherie , so I figured I would give this one a try . I really should have smelled directly from the bottle before spraying it on my skin . It is HORRIBLE . White floral scents are generally not my thing , but I can usually tolerate them . This was the worst perfume I ever smelled . It 's way too powdery and it smells so cheap . I was stuck with it on my wrist all day and it kept making me sneeze . Disgusting . Not worth the money at all . If you want to buy this scent , I would recommend buying Dove Deodorant Spray instead . It 's much cheaper and smells exactly the same . I wonder if it really is the Dove Deodorant but repackaged ... hmm ...
 It either pulls your hair into it , or if you have thin hair it wont stay on at all . Then you find the gems on the floor -LRB- because they fall out -RRB- after you 've stepped on it!OUCH !
 This is one of the worst products I have ever bought . The jewels always get stuck in the chamber , and then they get broken when you try to free them from the jam ! We used it twice and then I threw it out . Do not buy this unless you like junk .
 We bought this for my daughter for Christmas . She likes it . It puts pretty gems in her hair . As a mother , however , I do n't care for it . The gems are made in such a way that damages hair . The gems are made up of 2 gems that are held together by a small spring in between them . You put a section of hair in the jeweler , the machine then stretches the spring open and puts it onto the hair , then releases the spring . They stay in really well . When you want to take them out you have to pull on each side of the gem and pull the spring apart , then pull it out of their hair . I just find that even when I 'm being very careful I always break hair . It might be fine to use once in a great , great while but if you used it often your little girls beautiful hair would have a ton of broken pieces , which eventually looks awful . I ended up pulling out as much hair as I did jewels . If you want to look cute - then go for it . If you want your hair to look healthy - avoid this product.I wish I 'd tried Conair 's quick bead machine instead .
 I love the idea of this it is so cute and such a great way to spice u p my daughters hair routine - but it fell apart the first day and despite being a conair product it really is poorly made and not worth the money
 The concept is great , however the jewels will not stay on my daughter 's hair . She resorted to putting them on the doll and the pieces fall off after playing with it for a while .
 This product was easy to use , but the gems get tangled in the hair and will slide right out if the hair is thin . Not a good value for the money , and can be very frustrating for the child .
 this product does not deserve the one star . it deserves no stars . piece of junk !!! it annoys me to pay shipping to even return this . worth nothing , does not work , cheap piece of plastic , opened package all the beads fell on the floor , what a hoax . stay away from this toy worth 1 penny .
 my daughter only uses on her barbies gems are hard to get out of her hair
 My granddaughter just HAD to have this product . . She is 7 ... She did n't use it at all ... She has long hair ...
 I had a tester of this fragrance and the product that was shipped to me smells nothing like it . Very disappointed .
 I am a big fan of Bare Minerels , they are great for my skin , I use the foundation everyday , so i decided to try the eyes kit , and i am quite dissapointed
 I like to geve to this cologne a fat zero , Its not the real thik , you cane tell from the price of it , its beter you buy colrox its chepper and it works.DONT BUY IT .
 I have purchased Deep Red many times on Amazon and it has always been fine . However , this time the bottle that was sent to me which I purchased for my wifes Mother 's Day present was much different . Whatever was in this bottle was not Deep Red . My guess is that this particular seller is not shipping the genuine Hugo Boss Deep Red . There seems to be no return on this item . Very disappointed !
 This was a gif t for my Fiance for Christmas . Being her favorite perfume , she knows what it should smell like and this was not even close . She even had a bottle with a quarter left to compare the scents . A fake or old and gone bad , either way , it 's garbage as it has that ` old lady perfume ' smell .
 Perfume had no lid and adapted a cardboard cover , it shows that it was a perfume that was used to show the public , as it was not sealed and it is indicated TEST
 I bought this item as a gift for my cousin . I 've just received and I think its not genuine , the box is damaged and there is no gelatin on the box . Yes it 's cheap online but no more trust for Amazon .
 Ordered this items and another , both were Prime Eligible and Both did not get here till a Week later.This was a gift , and I ended up buying locally ...
 I bought this product because I though it was not possible to have a fake product coming from amazon even when I read it in a review , but the review was right , this product can not be original , I have used Hugo Boss Dark Blue several time , and this one does not smell the same , it smells like a cheap perfume .
 EWWW EWWW GET IT OFF GET IT OFF !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! OMIGOD I loved Hugo so much I 've been anticipating this in the mail and bought the shower gel from a different source as well.This is just terrible . I 'm taking a shower . Look for my posting of this CHEAP ... I 've already taken a loss.I have reviewed many colognes , take a look at them . I like most of them !
 Bought this item 3 months ago , the box is not wrapped with plastic and the scent is faded . I bought the same perfume from a mall and the scent is very strong and last 48 hours compared to this product from amazon . I was very disappointed .
 I like the scent , but it was packed very poorly , no carton , just a wrapper , so it would not be good to give as a gift . The spray shoots out liquid , not a fine spray - there is a lot of waste and unless you put it on your wrist , it would wet your hair if you sprayed behind your ears . All in all never again , would buy over the counter and get a decent package and a non faulty spray .
 I was completely desappointed when I got this parfum . Anyone could see that was fake , the bottle was so diferent . . and the scent didnt smell the same . Its being a while I got this , but only now I started shopping on amazon again and I thought this review would be helpful .
 This one seems to have a very fresh & delicious apple scent , but this scent is also 1 of the most short-lived scent that I 've ever encountered in my 30 + yrs . -LRB- both on my clothes & skin -RRB- , & so , do n't purchase it until U 've tested it for yourself ...
 yesterday I recived my `` be delicous '' and is FAKE !!! I 'm so sad ... I bought this from Venezuela , it said `` sold and shipped from amazon '' and I was wating for something real ! and it 's not!I 'm so disappointed !
 Well , I love the scent Be Delicious . In fact , I had finished my 2nd bottle of it , and my mother finished her first . I am a frequent Amazon shopper so naturally I turned to Amazon to get my mother a new bottle for mother 's day , and to replenish my own supply as well.I was not concerned about the quality of the product since the perfume got good reviews on here ... I assumed it was the real thing . WRONG . And since Amazon does not take returns on fragrances , I am basically screwed.My mother , myself AND my husband all noticed that this did not smell like the perfume we were used to . At first we all thought it was just `` us '' ... and maybe our senses were playing tricks on us . I have since gone to Ulta and bought the real thing . Totally different ... the one from Ulta is just like what I had before , and my mom agrees -LRB- I got her another bottle too since I felt so bad for giving her crappy perfume for mother 's day -RRB- In looking at the bottle from Amazon I can see that the sticker on the bottom has a square cut out of it so there is no serial number on it . Also , the DKNY is in a different font . Also , says `` made in UK '' on that sticker instead of `` USA '' like the true one.I am disgusted , and wish I could get a refund . BEWARE !!
 This perfume has a strong , clean , very fresh , & delicious apple scent , & who would n't like such a cute & unusual bottle , but somehow , the scent just does n't last for than more than a min . or 2 on both myself & my clothes ... -LRB- I 've read about this particular kind of problem in some other review sites , also ... -RRB- Even inexpensive Calgon body mists lasts for hrs . & hrs . on me , but this expensive scent just does n't seem to ... -LRB- As a matter of fact , this fragrance seems to have 1 of the most fast disappearing scent that I 've ever encountered in my 30 + yrs . in life ... -RRB- What a shame ...
 I like the smell of this fragrance very much but have trouble with the sprayer mister . Maybe i just have a defective one but I need to unscrew the top and dab it on .
 I 'm sorry but this is one of the worst perfumes . I seriously can spray myself about 10 times and within 30 minutes you ca n't smell a thing . yes the scent is great , I love it . But the only person who has the opportunity to smell it is me . Really really disapointed . I guess I 'm just used to the Channel and Ralph Lauren lines . They are quality and can last most of the day . This stuff is plan old junk like most of the new stuff coming out these days .
 So I read somewhere that people are generally drawn to food - smelling fragrances and that apple was a favorite . Big mistake on my part shelling out money for this on the basis of what I read . It was not pleasing to my olfactory at all , I do not recommend both this one and the DKNY Red Be Delicious , both were not well done in my opinion !
 I definitely picked wrong this time . I liked the scent in the store , but had no idea it would be so strong when I sprayed it on myself . I do not use a lot of perfume at once but even spraying it once on my neck was too much for this perfume . It is a sharp floral/fruity smell and pretty concentrated stuff . I see the full bottle on my dresser and hate to see $ 50 + down the drain so I 've attempted to wear it about ten times , but every time I 've tried to wear it I get a headache . I 've also had people tell me it was really strong -LRB- this is with one spray -RRB- . Also , the spritzer does n't really spritz , but rather launches the perfume in one focused region . Overall , not happy with this perfume . Get Burberry , Escada , or Vera Wang Princess instead .
 Product did not reach the final destination . After corelating with Amazon.com , found out that Perfumania sent to wrong address and product was returned to them . I did not recieve a full refund . They called it a `` return '' and docked 20 % off the purchase price and did n't refund shipping . How can it be a `` return '' if I never recieved the item in the first place . I might as well have just given them money . This company is horrible and feels no regret for screwing over their customers . Purchase with extreme caution if you choose to do so .
 This perfume smells nothing like an apple and is waaaay too over-powering ! It 's cheap smelling .
 I 'm puzzled by all the 4 & 5 star reviews . This scent is awful . It 's got ta be one of the least masculine fragrances out there . It 's way too citrus-y and much too strong . It reminds me of that el-cheapo `` $ 2 a gallon '' aftershave that little kids buy their dads for Father 's Day . It is about as off-putting as a scent can be . I can not imagine any man choosing this as his ` signature scent ' . Bring back DKNY Unleaded ... please !!
 Great product -LRB- I would have given 5 stars -RRB- , but ... I ordered the 3.4 oz perfume from Perfumania.com , got the confirmation email from Amazon that said I paid for a 3.4 oz bottle , but received a 1.7 oz instead -LRB- for the same price that I paid for the 3.4 oz -RRB- . I contacted Perfumania by email same day to ask if they would give me a partial refund or have another 1.7 oz bottle sent ; I never heard back from them . Is it that hard to click `` reply '' or to dial 10 numbers on a phone to please a customer ? I will never do business with Perfumania again and have recommended everyone I know to never purchase from them . I am filing a dispute with my credit union as well ; maybe that will get their attention . Worst shopping experience I 've had with Amazon .
 Respected , I 've received my perfumes today and I have to say that I am very angry with you . You wrote that shipping costs are 37.15 USD instead of real costs of 5.95 USD so that I had to pay taxes on this amount that was 5 times more ! I sent you more than 3 E-mails till now and I still have n't received your reply . Why are you asking me for review when you do n't mind for your customers ? This behavour is a shame for one company such as AMAZON . I have no more words for you anymore . Wish you long life . Good bye !
 I owned this cologne before and loved it . I just received this bottle and it seemed a bit suspect . The seller states 100 % authentic , so perhaps it sat in high temps ? Either way , since the scent seemed off I went to the mall to compare on opposite arms and the two did not smell the same.I do n't care for it , but my sis says it still smells good so I gave it a 2 instead of a 1 . I 'm left disappointed with the purchase : -LRB-
 Looks like DKNY be delicious for men but it is completely fake it smells like they put this horrible , old man cheap cologne scent in a be delicious bottle . I just wasted $ 50 .
 When I saw it , I thought that I was buying something Good , Because it seemed like a good price and good condition , but the thing is that when I recieved this product , I realized that it was not original , It 's just a copy . . I regreted a lot about having spent my money in this crappy .
 Love Laura 's stuff but this one makes me look pasty and balance did not see it . I will stay with the bronze and brighten .
 I had very high hopes for this product , as I usually love all of Laura Geller 's cosmetics , however this one just did n't work for me . I found it had way too much sparkle in it for my taste . It did n't look natural and I felt like I looked like I had a bad tanning session . Wanted to love it , but DID N'T
 This is just not good . The scent is off , and nothing like the perfume . The texture of the lotion is great . But the smell ? No way . I would have sent it back but the shipping would not have been worth it . It is now in some thrift store . Maybe I should have tossed it . I love the perfume and was hoping to layer . Not going to happen .
 We 're a fan of Issey Miyake fragrances , so I thought this would be a great gift to add to my husband 's collection . This particular scent however is very strong and too FLOWERY.I thought we could n't go wrong with Issey , but we did . It does n't smell like a man 's cologne but rather some concoction gone bad with a mixture of really potent flowers , weeds , and plants.One good thing I can say is that it comes in a really nice bottle . If you want this just for `` show '' well it looks nice on the dresser , but NOT A PLEASANT SMELL AT ALL .
 This perfume smells amazing , but unfortunately the scent does not carry for long . When asking friends if they can smell the perfume I 'm wearing the answer is always no . I my opinion it is not worth the cost , even though it smells great . You ca n't get a hint of L'eau D'issey after 10 minutes
 My wife keeps hounding me to rate this thing . I smelled it and although it does smell good , it is n't the real thing . We immediately compared it to the real bottle from sephora and there are differences . Also the scent does n't last at all . Kind of sucks that you cant save money on this kind of luxury without getting ripped off .
 I bought the parfum and when I compare it with the original one I have it was an imitation ! diferrent color , odor , and bottle details , IT IS NOT ORIGINAL !!!
 I just received today . It seemed it 's been used because it 's not full and there are scratches on the bottle . I highly doubt it 's a brand new bottle and it 's not refundable !!!
 I RECEIVED THIS PRODUCT AND WHEN I OPENED IT , I NOTICED IT WASNT AN AUTHENTIC ISSEY PRODUCT . THIS IS MY 3RD BOTTLE OF ISSEY AND IT ISNT REALLY HARD TO NOTICE THIS WAS A FAKE . I WOULD NEVER BUY ANYTHING FROM THIS SELLER AGAIN . TOTAL DISAPPOINTMENT .
 I have been using this scent for 5 years , so I KNOW what it smells like . The perfume that came LOOKED like the real one , but , when I sprayed it , it does not smell like it . I even compared it to the bottle I have and it was not the same scent . There was out scratched information on the bottom of the bottle , where the company info should be .
 When I opened it I realized I had been ripped off . The letters on the bottle were crooked and the cap looked fake . Although the scent is similar , it is definitely watered down . I have purchased at department stores and online before . There are certain websites that are cheaper than department stores that have authentic products . If it is much cheaper than the department store price , it is probably a knockoff !
 I ordered this on Dec. 30 and was told I would receive it between Jan. 5 through Jan. 10 . I contacted the seller around Jan. 17 and was told that they would contact the post office immediately and get right back to me . After over a week of no word I contacted them again and as of now have not heard anything . Still waiting .
 The bottle they sent me was filled with water and hardly had any scent to it , so it was a waste of my money , do not buy from this person !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 through this I am writing to check the status of No 104-13097540512218 PURCHASE AND TRACKING NUMBER AS THE SAME 1Z038WW24376681017 has not reached its destination address agradesco PROMPT REPLY
 Not a good gift to give your wife for Christmas , the box looked like it was re-wrapped and it looked like only 2.5 onces instead of the 3.3 onces.Would not buy from this person again .
 When my mom opened this up for Christmas , she informed me that the bottle was 1/3 full and had no smell
 I have purchased this in retail stores many times before , and was hoping the quality would be the same online at a much lower price . Unfortunately , you get what you pay for . The bottle looks damaged -LRB- letters falling off , side ways , and oddly placed -RRB- at the bottom , the scent is n't quite the same , and after spraying it on my clothes and/or body the scent does n't last the way the one you buy at the department store . I 'm not saying it 's a knock-off , although it could be , but perhaps it has sat in a basement somewhere for several years . I was very disappointed .
 I had preciously ordered and received this item from Amazon , and I was happy with the purchase . The item was correct , it was actually new -- exactly as my fiancee desired it . This is `` her '' perfume . Today , however , I received this item again and it was not the same perfume -- or at least , it was not a new , unmodified with bottle of it.This perfume came in a box that was different than the one pictured -- the package was missing the word `` Paris '' at the time , the fonts were slightly different and the words spaced differently . That 's clue number one . Then , there was a significant amount of liquid missing from the bottle -LRB- the liquid stopping approximately an inch from the top -RRB- . And then , to top it all off , there was a strong scent of alcohol in this bottle.I am disgusted , and disappointed , and will be pursuing a full refund or satisfactory replacement through whatever means necessary within the law . And if Amazon refuses , this will be the last product I purchase from them , and I 'll be purchasing a BN nook this year instead of the new Kindle .
 L'eau D'isssey by Issey Miyake for women did not have the same scent when bought in other stores like BURDINE 'S from the US or at El Corte Ingles from Madrid , Spain or at Duty Free Airport Stores . L'eau D'isssey by Issey Miyake Spray had practically no scent it was almost odorless . Product was useless but could not be returned because Air Freight from South America to the USA would have been more expensive than the cost of product itself . We had it shipped to a friend 's address while traveling to the US .
 Item arrived on time and packaged well . However , item appeared to look used despite the packaging . About one inch of the perfume was missing from the top of the bottle -LRB- was not full -RRB- . So not sure if I received a brand new item .
 The Raspberry was aweful ! It smelled like perfume my grandmother may have used - a nasty mix of dead flowers and alcohol . I threw it away . :-LRB- I do really like the Cotton Candy one by the same company so I hope it was just a bad batch !
 It 's not my thing . It 's too ... sweet -LRB- ? -RRB- for my liking . I tried to give it to my dad but he did n't want it either . I 've been spraying it on my dogs in the morning instead of throwing it away .
 I 've worn this fragrance for years and years and had L-U-V loved it.This botlte was either a fake product or a defective product.It smelled so bad that I had to shower after I used it to remove the stench.And ... because it is liquid and flammable , I ca n't return it .
 Based on the previous reviews , I was expecting a totally different fragance . I was quite shocked when my order arrived and I eagerly sprayed the perfume for a sample , to only be truly disappointed by the scent . It 's a very heavy scent -- it almost makes me think of a little old lady.According to the previous reviews , this was also a perfume that Michael Jackson wore for years . Wow ! I ca n't imagine that he would want to smell like a little old lady ! This is not a manly scent by any means .
 This product does not work on darker skin.This product did not work for me . It was a waist of money !
 I 've used this product for years but they seem to be making them not as sturdy . My last 3 have broken or stopped heating . :-LRB- I will have to find a new brand to try !
 I always wondered about this item . I finally bought one at a big box store because my lashes are SOO straight and hard to curl . It does a good job , but the problem is , and this is what I had wondered about
 What else is there to say ? I have a different brand of heated eyelash curler that works fine . This one is flimsy , and when you squeeze the pad to the upper rim in order to curl your lashes , the two do n't meet right and no curling happens . Lousy product .
 It worked a couple of times . The battery connection does n't work well . The signal light stopped working after a few uses . Wo n't buy again .
 I should have looked more carefully . This is the size of a `` free give-away size '' . Why was it shipped from England ? Why did it cost so much ? Very disappointed . The cream lasted for about 4 applications . Certainly not worth the price nor the quality of the product ! There is no way I could comment on the worthiness of the product when you get such a small amount .
 I thought from the description of the item I was purchasing perfume and I received eau de toilette . The description of the product was misleading .
 I was very unhappy with this product ... It was watery and not up to the quality of Jean Patou . I would never order this product again . . LMC
 This item appears to have been sitting on the shelf for an extended period of time . The `` lotion '' had deteriorated into a `` liquid '' by the time we received it .
 This product was marketed as Body Shop Indian Gardenia but it is nothing like it . I should have known when I saw the image but figured it was cheap enough to give it a try . Not certain if it is Amazon or Sunshine that is responsible for the mistake in marketing .
 This fragrance smelled nice when I first smelled it in Walmart . I got this along with the Vanilla . So , anyhow , I put this spray on before work and I have to say that the fragrance was too strong for me . It was giving me a headache and I absolutely loathed the fragrance for this reason . I sprayed it lightly because it smelled heavy and even lightly spraying made me sneeze , that should have been my tip off of worse to come . I think it 's a lovely fragrance for those who enjoy that sort of thing , but unfortunately I despised it ! I think I will ship this to my sister .
 I 'm a fifty year old woman and I have pretty good skin for my age . One of the reasons I do is because I eat well and I do n't put a lot of crappy creams on my face . I got this cream because I 'm seeing some minor signs of aging and wanted to do something for it . Unfortunately , this cream has a sticky consistency and does n't absorb much into your skin . It just sort of lays on top . But as everyone ought to know , it 's bad for your skin to be covered with a cream or lotion that does not fully absorb , and then allow the skin to breathe . I used this cream for three weeks -LRB- reluctantly -RRB- and it did absolutely nothing . My advice would be
 Two stars for not causing any damage but not doing anything useful , either . My main impression of this stuff is residual stickiness and I noticed no change in my skin .
 The sponge smells like some sort of chemical was used on it . The hand massage tool is indented and the prongs do n't stick out . The bath salt smells just as bad as the sponge . I am honestly thinking about just throwing away a majority of this product and buying everything locally . Every single item in the basket is manufactured in China and I honestly could have found better items elsewhere .
 I EXPECTED THIS PRODUCT TO AT LEAST SMELL HALF AS GOOD AS THE DISCONTINUED AVON PRODUCT . I WAS SO DISAPPOINTED TO FIND THAT IT HAD NO FRAGRANCE . IT ONLY HAS BODY WASH AND LOTION AND A BUNCH OF USELESS ITEMS . THERE IS NO BODY SPRAY WHICH WOULD HAVE BEEN NICE FOR THE PRICE . BUT THAT IS A MOOT POINT SINCE THERE IS NO FRAGRANCE AT ALL !
 I am not happy with this product . It makes my hair feel thin and it is too soft to style . It also makes my scalp itch very , very badly . I have n't used it long enough to know if it will make my hair appear thicker . I doubt it since the first few washes made it feel very thin and fly away . I am going to return it .
 I ordered perfume from this seller , and it was not the real perfume inside the bottle . The lid does not even fit the bottle properly . The bottle has been refilled with a perfume that is not even the same color as the real perfume . The contents smell like a cheap old lady , rather than the sweet smell that I paid for . Do not buy from this seller .
 After reading many positive reviews for this product - I decided to buy a sample size to use when I have an occasional breakout . I followed the directions and the next day , my face was extremely dry , flaky and irritated . I found this unusual , as I do n't have particularly sensitive skin . I continued to use it - but only at night , right before bed . After the third day , my cheeks and forehead were covered with acne . I am 39 and had never had so many pimples in my life . I suppose this product works for others but not for me . I strongly suggest buying a sample size first .
 I bought the Jill Sander For Men Eau De Toilette as a gift for a friend . First , it was ordered on January 12th and finally arrived on January 18th . Since it was supposedly sold and shipped by Amazon , I wondered why it took so long when it was supposed to be two day shipping . When the package was opened the first thing I noticed was that the top of the perfume box was torn - Not good for an item to be given as a gift . Anyhow , I took it to my friend who has used it in the past and still has a bottle with a little left . He sprayed it and wrinkled his nose and asked me to take a whiff -- it smelled like alcohol with a very faint scent , and within minutes , the smell had disappeared completely . He then sprayed a little of his left over bottle and it was like night and day!I sprayed a large amount on my clothing - and again , it just smelled like alcohol with a hint of perfume and within a couple minutes , even that was gone . I 'm not sure where Amazon tracked down the bottle they sent to me , but it is certainly not the real thing - or has been tampered with . Waste of money . Better to buy from a reputable department store 's fragrance counter ! I feel embarrassed that my friend might think I tried to give him a gift of fake perfume . I would give this minus 5 stars if possible !
 This product was to this and became to tacky to fast . I do n't know if there is a way for them to dilute it , but this was not useful to me at all . I had to stop after the first swipe and start with another product .
 This glue was terrible . It was VERY messy and did NOT hold . It was not a a penny ! I have bought numerous hair glues , and this is by far the worst and the most expensive ! Hate this product !
 OK , this product held the tracks so so , however I did not find it to be any better than the standard black glue that you can buy at any beauty supply store ! I recommend these 2 products which I purchased at Amazon -LRB- c-22 citrus solvent for removing tracks , glues etc. . Salon Pro 30 second glue # 02416 , excellent glue and is does not clog inside the bottle as the standard beauty supply kind does ! It is a synch to pour this glue onto the track.Liquid Gold glue is cool as far as the brush ability however it is extremely messy . As you replace the brush inside the bottle , some of the glue drips stringy strings of the gooey glue onto your hands , sink or perhaps floor if you are not quick to put the cap on . This product is very difficult to remove from surface and hands . The standard black up simply rubs off between your fingers without adding any other product to enhance the removal process and washes out of the hair pretty quickly with little to no remanding residue.I chose this product because I thought it was a better feature as it offers a brush . The sticky drips and mess that it makes is NOT worth the effort . After one application I threw the bottle out . Once I removed my 2 tracks I had to not only use the solvent that I recommend but once my hair dried I found that much of the glue was still in my natural hair ! It was difficult removing because I had already wrapped and dried my hair . Needless to say I almost combed chunks of my natural hair out because I did not know the residue of this glue remained ! Try the 2 products that I suggested , one will easily remove glue track etc and the other holds tracks nicely and is a breeze removing from counters , skin and hair .
 When I received the perfume I looked it over because I already have a partial bottle of the REAL stuff at home . Online the product looked very much like the perfume that I had bought at a dept. store near home , but when I received it I recognized that it was a copy NOT the real stuff . The ingredients were different and there were very subtle differences in packaging .
 The color that arrived is more orange than the color swatch on the computer . I can not wear it .
 Normally love this product but apparently this one was old and would not adhere to nails . My nails stayed tacky .
 It smells way more like citronella . I have other bath products with Melissa and they do n't smell like this . Uck
 Cute . They show a picture with a 6.8 oz bottle , but ship a 3.4 oz bottle . Does anyone at Amazon check this stuf ???
 I followed instructions very carefully and applied this cream on a tiny spider vein twice a day , every day for over 3 months . Though at first I * thought * the spider vein was beginning to fade away , the effect lasted only one or two days . The spider vein has remained exactly the same even though I continued applying the cream as indicated .
 I 've used this product for 5 weeks and have noticed a slight lightening , as well as decrease in size of affected area . Will likely re-order at least once to see if improvement continues .
 I bought this cream a month before my wedding and used it every day to reduce veins on my cheeks . Did not work . Some say you have to keep using it for several weeks before you see any results , but I gave up .
 I have had this product for a month . It does n't work . I have one small vein that I was hoping to get rid of just under my nostril . It has n't even diminished the appearance of it . A waste of almost $ 30 .
 i would not recommend this product to anyone . It is chalky when applied and i saw no visible results . thanks
 maybe I got a bad batch but itgoes on clumpy does n't blend into your skinI wasted my money on this product
 I ordered some pro k cream and recieved it about 2 weeks ago . I use pro k cream and have always purchased it from my dermatologist for my facial rosea . I thought that I would look on line to see if I could find it for less and order it directly . What a waste and disappointment . When I opened the jar it appeared only half full but that 's just the start of it . Since it is a cream and somewhat dense it should not be able to spill out when you tilt the jar , but it did . When I applied it to my clean face it beaded up and looked like I was shedding dead skin , it was disgusting . Keep in mind that I use this product on a regular basis and it should not be doing this . What a waste of my $ 's and time .
 I had high hopes for this product after doing much research online . I have tried many many different creams/treatments/serums and nothing has worked for my dark circles . I used this particular product religiously twice daily for about three months and saw absolutely no difference . I was n't expecting miracles or anything but after all that work and dedication I wanted Some indication that it was working ... So I stopped using this and ordered `` Makeup Artists Choice Vitamin K cream '' . That has received high ratings online and you can order a generous sample size for $ 3.50 . But unfortunately that made me break out around my eyes . Its a very nice dense cream that wears beautifully under makeup in the morning but It may be too rich for my skin . If you need that extra moisture around the eye area I would definitely look in to that product .
 I was not pleased with this cream . It did not soften my cuticles and it had alot of oil in it . I used it and let it sit on my cuticles for a long time . no change .
 This is a favorite product of mine and I looked forward to receiving it . The lotion was old and cream was not solid . Very disappointed .
 I got this product when I got the Cotton Candy Fantasy 8 oz Body Spray -LRB- Fantastic item !! I HIGHLY recommend it !! -RRB- I am a person who really enjoys ` melony ' smells but I do n't smell any melon in this at all ... It really disappointed me . I still like it but I really wish there was some melon in it ...
 I 've been using this product on one side of my body for a month . I 'm using cetaphil lotion on the other side . So far there 's no difference - in fact the cetaphil side feels softer.Right now I 'd say save your money , but I guess it 's too soon to say .
 This product has 13 ingrediants in it , of which Aloe Barbadensis Leaf juice is the 8th . Since ingrediants are listed in descending order beginning with the one with the greatest quantity , this shows you how little Aloe Vera is in this gel . In fact , the product listed directly after the Aloe is fragrance!If I had paid more for this item , I would have returned it to Amazon , because it is useless.I highly recommend real Aloe Vera or an Aloe Vera plant to anyone who has a burn of any kind , but this product is no substitute for it.For someone who has never used an aloe vera plant , just break off a leaf , split it open and gently apply the juice to your burn . I have used it on bad sunburns , curling iron burns and a bad chlorine burn -LRB- bleach - be careful with it ! -RRB- . I do n't know how it works , but it takes the pain away and helps the burn heal faster and with much less skin damage . I reapply it as often as needed and let it dry before covering it with clothing.To anyone who has ever tried the Banana Boat product , it is mostly water , alcohol and glycerin . Please do not judge real Aloe Vera by this product . However , you can judge the Banana Boat brand by this cheap imitation . Now that I know they substitute water and alcohol for the real thing , you can be sure they will not get anymore of my money !
 This product made my skin so dry that i had to apply moist ... in summer ... do buy this product
 I did n't care for this stuff one iota ! I cant put my finger on why its not for me but it 's not . Its very floral but hides something much deeper that antagonized my scent glands to no end . I frankly could n't wait for the scent to ware off . But in all fairness , im sure its for somebody out there but not for me .
 This is , of course , only my opinion , but I did not care for this at ALL ! I tried my best to scrub it off as soon as I could . The smell is not horrendous or anything , but reminded me exactly of what my great-grandmother used to smell like ! I would definitely recommend this if you are over 70 .
 This juice is just eat-up with stank ! Where are the flowers ?! It smells like a huge pile of baby powder that has been doused with hair spray ! I just ca n't figure out why my nose will not detect any flowers . What 's more , why is this perfume so dang popular ?! Color me confused and befuddled . Kenzo makes some of my favorite perfumes by the way . His other florals like Kenzo de Kenzo -LRB- Ca sent Beau -RRB- , Perfume D'ete , and Le Monde Est Beau are just gorgeous . Based on those scents I was expecting the scent of actual flowers , not synthetic ones floating in a talcum stew . I 'm just surprised that no one else finds this chemical and aldehydic .
 I ordered Flower by Kenzo for mother 's day . Since it was a gift for my mom I did n't open it . Instead I gave it to her and when she opened it she discovered it was Kenzo Amour . Since it was past the 2 days they give you to notify them of an inconsistancy we decided to keep it . I informed the shipping company and to this date they have gave me know resolution .
 Unfortunately I did n't read the fine print and did n't realize that I would be unable to return this product . I have been wearing Flowers By Kenzo for the last six years and this does n't smell like it at all ... this smells like alcohol ... and some other funky mess . I figured that since I love Amazon and had total trust in them , that I would get the authentic purfume ... WRONG !!! And I am stuck with it!Well lesson learned ... read the fine print and do n't order perfume from Amazon .
 Worst purchase I 've ever made ! I thought it smelled like play-doh , my 14 year said it smelled like his Gramma that passed away last summer , my 10 year old son said it smelled like an old lady , -LRB- No offense mama -RRB- My husband said absolutely not ! They will not let me return it . I used one tiny squirt ...
 I bought cotton candy and a cuba - while I LOVE Cuba for me - the cotton candy was a BAD purchase . It smells TOO TOO fruity and very obnoxious . . Can not return it due to hazardous package requirements so I am stuck with it . Looks like we will throw this away ... If I could I would give a -5 review on this one ...
 People , do n't purchase perfumes online , they are all fake . I received this body spray and i can hardly smell the scent . It 's watered down , and It lasts like 2 minutes on my skin . REALLY DISAPPOINTED !
 I buy this fragrance all the time at Walgreens but they are often out of it so I was excited to find the product here . HOWEVER ... I think that it is either old or has been diluted with alcohol . It 's definitely the same fragrance but the alcohol smell is very overpowering compared to what I buy at the store . It may just be old because the bottle style is definitely not being used anymore by Body Fantasies and has n't been used for at least two years . I thought maybe it was a fluke on the first bottle but I ordered a second one and it was the same way . The alcohol smell evaporates but it does n't smell as strong as the ones I buy at the store ... so buyer beware .
 hate it !!! i worn this and when i spray it my friends cringe ... itt smells terrible and it does n't last !! I didnt want to waste my money by throwing it away so i mix it with perfume or body spray !!!
 I got the smaller , ` trial ' size of this soap when I was on a trip and ran out of my regular soap.The orange dye comes off on white or light colored bathroom surfaces , as I found out , and the formula itself is pretty drying . The scent is light and pleasant but not worth it . Do n't buy this .
 When I applied this for the first and only time I had to immediately take a shower because the smell of this product was literally nausiating !
 I had ordered this product , and the company sent me the wrong oil . When I called the company , the customer representative stated that I would get a replacement product , but they asked that I would have to pay the shipping costs although it was was their error . I cancelled the order . I will never order from this company again .
 I do n't hate the product . I love the product . However , I ordered what was pictured , which was the regular size , along with the travel size . It did not come this way . I only received the regular size . This is definitely false advertising and misleading . do not order from this company . I know I never will again . Shame !
 Dry and does n't stop acne , its a total waste of money and time but other products are good , just didnt work for me
 I was looking for an alternative but this product did nothing for me as a woman of color . I went back to proactive
 I bought this product a little while ago and I was using it day and night as my cleanser . I am a light/medium skinned white female and I tend to scar easily . I bought this to help reduce the acne scars on my face and also wanted a new cleanser . This product says that it helps reduce acne as well as improve skin tone and texture - I did not see results in either of these categories . My skin tone did not seem improved and , while I only have small breakouts or a pimple here and there , I do not feel this product helped with reducing acne . I do not think it did a good job at cleaning either . My face did not feel clean after using it . I used this product for about a month , hoping to see results , but I did not . I also had to pump the dispenser about 3 times to get enough of the product to wash my face-this used the product up very fast so , not great for someone who is trying to save money and buy something that is cost effective.I would not recommend this product . I did , however , like the container that it came in . The pump was very nice and easy to use and I like that it had a cap to go over it for easy traveling . Now if they could just make a better product !
 I used this product for about 2 weeks and was breaking out horribly during this time . I stopped using it and my face cleared up totally so I ended up throwing it in the trash so I wasted my money on this one : - -LRB-
 This was my first time using a foaming cleanser and I do n't care for it . I feel that I need to pump about 5 times the product just to feel like my face has been thoroughly cleansed . I 'm not wild about the smell , either . And if you 're a makeup wearer , you definitely need something stronger -LRB- even if you use makeup remover beforehand -RRB- .
 purchased this at amazon as i trusted them that this would be an original item . however , it smells close to the same but 15 to 30 minutes after putting it on it no longer smells . The bottle i had previously same brand and name would last and last ! i believe this is a knockoff . sold by amazon.comLLC . Buyer beware , best to stick with a local retailer for colognes i think . Apparently it is not returnable .
 I tried out DevaCurl on the recommendation of a coworker . The `` No-Poo '' shampoo is hydrating yet cleansing . Unfortunately , it leaves behind a very STRONG perfume smell that , for me , lasted the whole day and would have gone on lasting if I had n't given up and washed my hair with a different product . There are plenty of non-natural ingredients on the label , including the extremely offensive `` Parfum -LRB- Perfume -RRB- '' - so I should have known better . Nevertheless , all the hype DevaCurl spends on making their product sound like it 's better for you than a sudsing shampoo seems sort of misplaced if they ca n't even take out the artificial scents.If you are sensitive to perfumes , dyes etc. these are not the products for you .
 My hair is less frizzy with this shampoo but the smell is toxic ! It makes my hair smell like it has just been dyed at the salon . I had to put my hair up and away from my face because I was getting dizzy .
 I have been using the DevaCurl No-Poo , One Condition , and AnGEL for about two weeks and my hair is now drier , coarser , frizzier , and more disgusting than it has ever been in my ENTIRE life !!! I do n't know how these products got such great reviews . Maybe the bottles I purchased are FAKE as some other reviewers have said . All I know is that my hair looks awful and these products are terrible . I would give these products 0 stars if I could . Do n't waste your money on this stuff !!!
 I bought this product with high hopes , but the smell of this shampoo is so strong , it was really overpowering ! It has a strong perfume-like smell that lingers on your head for hours . I only used it once . I am sorry I bought it .
 My hairstylist -LRB- who trained with DevaCurl -RRB- encouraged me to try this , thinking it 'd help a decade-long struggle with dandruff because maybe it was a result of a reaction to sulfates . I know it 's best to avoid sulfates , but because they 're missing , this does n't lather , and I feel like it 's hard to tell when I 've gotten it thoroughly disbursed through my very curly hair . I 've used Trader Joe 's sulfate-free shampoo , yet I think it still lathered a bit so it was easier to get through the hair . Regardless , the No-Poo did n't help my dandruff at all , and I do n't think it 's made much of a difference in my hair in general . Disappointing for how expensive it is .
 It was sort of odd washing my hair with shampoo that doesnt lather . It doesnt feel like your hair is getting clean and it takes much longer to wash the product than regular shampoo . I found that this made my hair feel very greasy . It may have been because I didnt remove all of the product ... it did make my hair feel really soft . But the bad out weighed the good here for me . I have very long curly/wavy hair .
 This shampoo -LRB- or no-poo -RRB- does work . It makes my hair frizz-free , and enhances the natural wave that I have . However , the smell is AWFUL ! It actually reminds me of the smell of perm solution -- it 's very strong and chemical-like -LRB- the conditioner smells only slightly better -- like the soap in the car wash -RRB- . For me , the scent of a product is equally important as whether or not it can get the job done . If you can get past the smell , it is a good product . But , I will be shopping for another sulfate-free shampoo product .
 I have been using this fragrance for many years ! It 's the type of scent that everyone reacts to , in a positive way . Men follow you and ask you what you are wearing and woman want you to write it down so they can buy it.The 2 bottles that I received were obvioulsy very old . Neither had a scent . You would have thought it was colored water ! I guess I will have to go back to the store and pay more for the product , but at least it will smell like it 's supposed to !
 I 've had MOP brands before and was excited to find this on amazon . However , after using this for 6 months , I can tell you that it does nothing extra for your hair . Can be very drying and smells like dish washing detergent .
 So my reason for getting this was 2-fold
 It worked great for the first 2weeks I had it , but it is already torn in a worn away type fashion . Not well designed or ` manufactured ' . I am VERY Disappointed .
 I bought this for my wife and the group of fragrances is excellent but I was really disappointed by how small 4 of the 5 actually were . One of them is about 1/2 ounce which is OK but the rest are all about .2 of an ounce or less . Not a good value from CK .
 may be i should have paid attention to the product title . These bottles are really small when compared to the similar product for mens . I would really encourage you to get a look at the same product in the mall or some other shopping place . Besides there is not a lot of discount at Amazon on this.Overall i got what i paid for but no real savings for buying at Amazon for this product and i did not find the product very useful for any body .
 I did not like these curlers at all . They did not heat up enough and they just did not work . The only reason I did not send them back is because I destroyed the package -LRB- will never do that again -RRB- . Very disappointed
 If your hair is already curly or wavy this product is great for adding some more structure or calming frizz , but it doesnt work well on straight hair . They take a really long time to heat up and they do n't even get very hot . If you do end up using this product i recommend using a lot of hair spray or mousse .
 Do n't make the mistake of trusting a name brand simply because you 've had a good experience with a company 's products in the past . I had to learn the hard way that not all Conaire products are created equally . This product nearly ruined my wedding because none of the curling irons heated adequately and , after 40 + minutes of struggling to no avail , had to be replaced before the stylist could work any further . Thanks to this wholly unanticipated problem , the ceremony started off much later than it should have ! For slightly more money buy the Vidal Sassoon set of three curling irons in similar sizes -LRB- if you can find them -RRB- . They heat up faster and hotter , which probably stems from the fact that the wattage is higher . A curling iron has only one function ; it 's not rocket science . This set of curling irons will make you crazy especially if you intend to use them in preparation for an important event . TIP
 Okay , I do not generally write reviews , but after using this product I just had to write one . I got this curling iron almost 2months back , on December 2012 . The curler does n't curl , it makes circles in your hair . Then , one day , I after curling a little portion of my hair , I discovered dusts on the iron . . and yes ... it was my hair , burned !! IT BURNED MY HAIR !! It burned my bed sheet too . And I just noticed that my iron does not have any auto turn off . There is no switch to turn it off or to lower the temperature as it is shown in the picture . DO NOT BUY IT !! IT IS A WASTE OF MONEY AND A SHAME FOR YOUR HAIR .
 I got this at like Cvs and I have thick long hair I use so much sculpting gel , mousse and hair spray after spending 3 hours doing my hair and only made it through like 2 hours of dinner the rest of the night my hair was normal and straight as always I thought my hair was just impossible but it was n't me it was the product !
 So , I bought it when I was new at curling my hair , and did n't know what sizes to get ... I ended up spending more than 15 $ because I had to buy a WORKING curling Iron ... It does n't work ; I wish I had n't bought then ... Lo compre cuando era nueva con los rulos , y no sab&iacute;a que tama & ntilde ; o comprar ... termine gastando m&aacute;s dinero porque tuve que comprar otra que si funcionara.No funciona , ojala nunca lo hubiera comprado .
 I ordered this product based on the description on Amazon . The curling irons were supposed to have an `` On/Off '' switch AND variable heat settings . There was no heat setting or On/OFF switch . Also . . when I ordered the item it was one price and 3 days later it was advertised on Amazon for $ 4 less.Returned the item and got a refund within a few days .
 My daughter bought this yesterday after I warned her not to however she did purchase it and I can not believe how bad this product really was . It never got hot and would not curl hair in the least . It was a BIG waste of money !!!! My advice is to put more money into it and purchase a better product !!!
 I was really excited about these curling irons but when i got them i was really dissapointed about the quality.when i got them i plugged them in and none of them heated up i tried to curl my hair but it did n't even curl it at all . DO N'T BUY THE PRODUCT !!! its horrible !!!!
 I was really excited when theses came but they take forever to heat up and they do n't curl my hair : -LRB-
 0 stars . I bought one of these in March , and it died in early May - the on button would not turn in on . I bought another -LSB- stupid me -RSB- to replace it ; it was a great price -LSB- hint -RSB- and I guessed I had gotten a lemon with the first one . No , both were lemons , and the second one failed after two months . I am shopping for something else and do n't know what I 'll get , but it darned sure ai n't gon na be another Conair !!! Keep shopping , folks . You 'll regret this purchase . mb
 Seriously , DO NOT BUY THIS IRON PACK . I got mine a while ago and they do n't hold my curls AT ALL . It was pure disappointment and I strongly suggest you not to make the same mistake I made . I 'd give it 0 star if I could . SUCH A WASTE OF MONEY !!!
 Curling irons take SOO long to get hot , and even then they are n't that hot . Sucky product . You get what you pay for .
 This brand is discontinued a few years ago . The smell is sort of alcoholic and not very nice that I used to use about 5 years ago . I can not return it as Amazon wo n't accept return for perfumes . Since it is discontinued product , the scent does not last long .
 I must preface this by saying I am not a big fan of strong and heavy scents unless it is a hot date night and the weather is cold . With that said I found this scent way too strong and heady . I thought it was said to have spicy overtones , but I personally just found it stinky ! I love most CK scents particularly the unisex lines and the mens scents , but this one ... not so much .
 GOOD PRODUCT BUT BAD SHIPPING PRACTICE.This is a great parfum for women , I gave it to my wife as a gift 2 Years ago and she just loves it and keeps asking for more . I ordered it from amazon for the first time , and this is going to be the last time I will order it from amazon though , as it was shipped in a box about six -LRB- 6 -RRB- times the original parfume box size , which is 2 '' X 2 '' X 5 '' . Because of this , it costed me lots of money for the freight as the final destination was not in the USA . The box came with enough paper stuffed in it to fill a one and a half gallon bucket.Sorry , but I think that amount of packaging was not called for .
 do yourself a favor and do n't buy this product from amazon or tuccini.ordered the product through amazon where it shows the shipping is $ 2.50 -LRB- before you put it in your cart -RRB- . went to check out and there was no option to ship via ground service . product delivered by the u.s. postal service ; express mail . was not home at the time of delivery and had to go to the post office to sign for the package because the idiots at tuccini shipped it where you had to sign for it . are you kidding me - for a lousy $ 24 worth of perfume . jiminee crickets . upon reviewing my bill , i found out that the shipping charges were over $ 28.00 ; of course this did not show up this way in my amazon cart before i ` pulled the trigger ' to buy - making the total of this product over $ 53 . emailed amazon asking for a credit back of $ 26.15 -LRB- $ 28.65 charged - $ 2.15 -LRB- cost amazon posted on their website for shipping -RRB- . Here is the response I got from Amazon -LRB- My favorite retailer in the free world -RRB- Thanks for writing to us at Amazon.com.I 'm sorry for any inconvenience caused.I checked your account and found that you ordered through `` Tuccini , '' a third part seller at Amazon Marketplace rather than from Amazon.com . When you place an order , if the seller is not Amazon.com then the seller 's name is noted on the final page of the order form before you submit your order.I see that the order was placed with Two-Day Shipping.Amazon Marketplace orders are charged a flat shipping fee . Part of your shipping fee is passed on to the seller to help cover the costs of postage , packaging , and labor . The credit will usually closely match what the seller pays to ship the item , but there may be times when the credit will be more or less than the actual postage cost.To make any changes to this order , or if you decide you 'd like to return the order when you receive it , you must contact the seller directly . Visit the order in Your Account by clicking the link below and then click on `` Problem with this order ? '' to contact the seller.My comments
 I wore this fragrance for years and loved it . It was discontinued and I never found another I loved as much , or had as many compliments . I was thrilled when I found Contridiction on Amazon . I got it today and ripped open the package . I sprayed just a tad on my wrist and YUCK ! It 's HORRIBLE ! This is not the same Contridiction . It must have gone bad , or is a cheap copy . I am almost sick from the smell and it WILL NOT wash off . I am disgusted and disappointed .
 Had this earlier which had great smell for a small amount sprayed . The one bought from amazon is very diluted so you can hardly smell the perfume even if you spray a lot of it . Amazon delivered the item as expected and on time but I was disappointed with the product . Buy this off the shelf at a store .
 I really do love this scent , but was VERY DISAPPOINTED ! I put it on and within 5 minutes the scent was gone ... so later I saturated myself with it and within 15 minutes the scent was GONE . . GONE . . GONE !! Do not waste your money on this one . It 's got to be a fake ... a counterfeit . You can not get your money back on any perfumes either , Amazon wo n't let you return it so I wasted all that money . Just go to the department store , pay a little more and get the real thing !!
 Absolutely it 's not a genuine CK one ; seems they filled it up with a lot of alcohol . .
 This product I received from Amazon was definitely not up to their high standards . Product was either very diluted or a very old product . I would never order cologne , after shave or any similar product by the mail , as you never know what you are getting . Amazon was very good about a complete customer refund . Amazon always takes care of their customers . I would still order other items from Amazon , they are truly a great customer pleaser .
 This was a fake product !! So Upset with this people !! I bought to Brasil to a friend and we compare to the real one !!
 Good nights gentlemen of fragranceNet porfavor need that they order me the correct number of tracking to do the due follow-up to him to my package , porfavor they agradesco that it do brief possible mas
 Please see the date this product was produced ... obviously its going to smell diluted ... or d spray wont last long ... . i dont think its fake . . its just old ... probably d ones dat never got sold out ... a EDT spray is good for maybe 2years . . not more than that ... this one s gotto be very old stock ... but dis CK ` one ' is one of the best ones out der ... get it from perfumania ... it probably wud cost u double !!
 This CK is really very strong , and gives me a headache . It was a mistake to get one online without trying in person .
 Tried this recently at Macy 's . It had great smell for a small amount sprayed . The one bought from amazon is very diluted so you can hardly smell the fragrance , even if you spray a lot of it on . Amazon delivered the item as expected and on time but I too was disappointed with the product . I suggest you buy this item off the shelf at a department store such as Macy 's , JC Penney , etc. .
 I have been using CKOne for many years and was really disappointed to see that it does not small like my other one.It seems to be mixed with Alcohol
 This is the first time I have ordered cologne from amazon and it may be the last . As the other negative reviews have stated this is either old or counterfeit . This was a replacement for an original I bought in Macy 's and it is not the same . I should have looked closer but did n't expect to have this issue with Amazon . On second look the price for the size is too cheap .
 Honestly , I read the previous comments on this issue , but bought the item anyway . Now , I think they were right .
 I bought this cause I was really excited about the good price . It is DEFINITELY not the real cologne . It smells exactly like it , it may even be made by the same company , but something went wrong with it at some point , either it stored in some place too hot or cold , because the SCENT DOES NOT LAST . I 'm telling you , I have bottle that I bought from my local perfume store and it lasts a good 5 hours or so . This scent from this online bottle is gone within in an hour . This is also not a lone case . I also bought a Jean Paul Gaultier cologne on amazon and had the exact same issue . I would not again be swayed by the good prices and simply pay the 20 % more at my local store for the real thing . If you buy it here and notice the scent does n't last , you 'll know why
 Must confess that this perfume did certainly live up to its name - A Contradiction to the very concept of a perfume . I wonder how customers have been able to give it a 5 star . I brought this brand , because of the Calvin Klien image , and seeing the reviews . The perfume smelled sick and to top it in a matter of a month , the fragrance seemed missing ... it was like spraying water ... A loss of $ 28 : -LRB-
 The item was delivered very promptly . But sadly , the scent smelled like ` rubbing alcohol ' . No other way to describe it.I think this will be my first and last time buying cologne online . It 's really better to buy it in a store so you can test it first .
 Unless Calvin Klein has reformulated this cologne , the Contradiction that I received does not come close to the quality of the one I have used since a bit more than 10 years . Fake?Deeply disappointed ... and I bought 3 of the same ! Sucks !
 I received a tester instead of new product . The box was plain brown and the tester was without a cap and used . Very upset since it was a gift for my husband . There was no phone contact so I was stuck with it . Amazon did not indicate it was not a new retail product . Very unethical business .
 I ordered Ultima II ultimate coverage makeup in color Tuscan Beige . I was sent a color that is too , too light for me that I can not use . I have ordered this makeup from you before and always received the correct order , both Tuscan Beige and Aurora Beige . Why was I sent a substitute instead of just letting me know you were out of what I ordered ? I would hesitate to order anything in the future because of paying for something that I can not use and do not want .
 i ordered this before from sephora and it smelled great but here it smells like its 10 years old.Never again amazon !
 I 've read so many positive reviews of this perfume that I have to believe that this is one that depends heavily on skin chemistry , as on my , this smelled nothing like the description , nor what I 've read in other people 's reviews . The scent smelled weird on me - really , really weird . I think the notes are floral but they smelled like plastic on me . The fragrance is described as musky , but I could n't smell a bit of musk . Using this was not a pleasant experience , so needless to say , I wo n't be doing so again . I wish I could make this review more helpful , but I what I smelled really defied description , so the best advice I can offer , is do n't buy this without a test run first .
 Warning ! This item was never received from this supplier . They do not respond to email queries at all . I want a refund .
 Crave was always my favorite cologne , and was sad when CK stopped making it a few years back . I was surprised to find Crave on Amazon , and ordered a bottle.It arrived yesterday , and I immediately sprayed it on , and something did n't smell exactly right . It smelled ... too chemically . This morning , I sprayed it on my left and a squirt of my original Crave -LRB- only a tiny bit left -RRB- on my right hand . Two roommates confirmed what I suspected . That this scent is not exactly like the original.Although , the new one is not bad , it 's just not as pleasant .
 Lighting was ok , but not great . Decided to keep it anyhow . After 2 months of using it for 15 minutes a day , a bulb already burned out . I figured not a big deal , so I called Conair Customer Service . They were not helpful at all , I thought they were kind of rude . Their solution was for me to purchase new bulbs . It was n't the cost , but the principal of the thing . They wanted to charge me for the bulbs . Which I found unacceptable . A 2 month old item should still work properly . I am buying another brand today !
 I bought this mirror for my mother for Christmas to replace an older version . She complainted that it had yellow lightbulbs in it and there were less lightbulbs than her previous mirror . She was not happy with it .
 Let me just say that I had a great Amazon experience - they shipped and then returned this mirror for no charge , which is much appreciated . I returned it because the lighting is not only too weak - and i do not have very high standards for the lighting , believe me , but also the way the bulbs are positioned is ridiculous . They have brighter bulbs on the top half and dimmer ones on the bottom half , so you 're either top lit or bottom lit . When i read the complaints about lighting , i never saw this mentioned , and i figured somewhat weak lighting would n't be a problem . Again , i 'm not a professional that needs super high wattage or anything , but the way this is designed is flawed - it makes it difficutl to see clearly and put makeup on .
 I was replacing a Clairol True-to-Light make up mirror with this one . This Conair one is uesless . You might as well just buy a regular mirror with no lights . The bulbs are dim to say the least . Do n't waste your time . Unfortunately the Clairol one is no longer made , but I would suggest looking for something similar that contains two 6w or higher flourescent bulbs . This Conair one has two tiny bulbs that are about as bright as a christmas bulb .
 Like other reviewers , I was looking to replace the mirror I wanted the three panels that the old one does n't have . I 've owned since the 70s . The lighting on this mirror is terrible . Since the only problem with my old mirror is that I broke the stand , I 've retrieved it and prop it up . After all these years , the old mirror is still bright . I wasted my money .
 Like many of the reviewers before me , I was looking to replace a Clairol/Remington Mirror with flourescent bulbs . This mirror does not come close in comparison . Even at the brightest setting -LRB- daytime -RRB- , it 's like putting on makeup by candlelight . Not at all what I was looking for ! I am now on an ebay quest for the real thing ! Save your money and DON `` T buy this mirror !!
 Anyone who thinks this mirror 's lighting is good never owned a Remington `` True to Light '' mirror . I got this Conair mirror yesterday , and it will be going back tomorrow . It does n't even come close to replicating real lighting conditions . The `` brightest '' light setting is a dull yellow color , at best . There is no way you can get a true picture of what your makeup really looks like by using this yellow light . The only reason I gave this mirror two stars is because the 5x magnification is really great , but the lighting is what I want the mirror for , and it stinks .
 I have the Jerdon Tri-Fold mirror at home and am very happy with it , but I ordered this Conair mirror to keep at my friend 's house so I would n't have to lug my Jerdon along every time I visited . I ordered it in a hurry and neglected to read the customer reviews . It looked about the same as the Jerdon , it was a few bucks cheaper , and I remembered my Conair from the 1980s being excellent.Boy , I was colosally disappointed ! Every light setting is just a slightly different murkiness of orange , and none of them is anywhere near bright enough . -LRB- I prefer the brightest blue-tinted `` Day '' setting on my Jerdon . -RRB- I returned the Conair and had to eat $ 5 in shipping costs . I 'm ordering the Jerdon instead . The only reason I gave this two stars instead of one is that I slightly prefer the left-to-right spin on the center mirror as compared to the top-to-bottom spin on the Jerdon .
 This is the second one from Amazon . The first was returned due to a distorted mirror image . This one , the second , was lights out the second time I turned it on . Conair quality control has gone down the tubes . I do not think anyone should buy this mirror .
 Makeup mirror had very poor lighting . All four settings were to dark and did not distinguish from one setting to the next .
 Not enough light in this mirror and the side panels do not stay in place without wedging . Only reason I bought this item is because I could n't find a better one , like the old Clairol 3-way lighted mirror .
 I purchased this mirror after a Jerdon tri-fold one that I had less than a year quit . But I am not happy with the Conair . The lighting is terrible , very yellow and dim in all settings . The mirror swivels horizontially , not vertically , making adustments not an option . The Jerdon swivels vertically , which makes it easy to adjust while using - tilt it for whatever you are doing . To turn the Conair on and off , the contrlo must be turned . If you use anything but the nearest setting , this is annoying . The Jerdon has an on/off switch , and the setting is a separate control . I seldom change my setting , so for me this is more convenient . Jerdon did immediately replace my mirror when I contacted them , and that is what I am now using . I have always liked Conair products . Do n't know what they were thinking with this one .
 I 've been searching for a mirror with lighting b/c my bedroom , where I usually apply my make up is quite dark . Unfortunately this mirror is not what I searched for . It 's all the negative reviews sadly . The light is barely there . I have to keep overhead lighting , lamp , open window etc just to be able to see ! I essentially wasted $ 25 ! I wanted to return this but they were not going to give me a full refund and were going to charge me for return shipping so I 'm eating the cost.I honestly recommend that you save your money and purchase a more expensive mirror . I 'm thinking of buying one to attach to the wall of my bathroom like the ones I 've seen in luxury hotels in Vegas .
 I ordered this because my vintage Clairol true to light mirror finally gave out . As some other reviews said , the lighting on this thing is really bad . The magnification makes me cross eyed and I have to get my face practically on the glass before my skewed vision can clear up and I can see how to do anything . And the lighting ! Do n't get me started ! The first time I went out after applying make up with this thing was down right scary . I 'm sending it back . Unfortunately , after doing a lot of research , it seems there is much agreement that the true to light -LRB- now discontinued -RRB- was and still is the best make up mirror . I will be searching ebay for my replacement .
 I bought this to replace a Jerdon three panel mirror that had pooped out after less than a year . To be fair , I had my previous Jerdon mirror for about three years , so maybe I just got a dud . Anyway , I decided to try this mirror , and was very disappointed . The lighting is harsh , and none of the settings looks at all natural . The middle mirror swivels from side to side ; I prefer the up and down swivel of the Jerdon . I ended up giving this to my daughter and ordering another Jerdon . I would not re-order this product .
 The light is very poor on this mirror . I would not recommend it . The mirror itself is nice but I do n't know what they were thinking when they tested it for lighting . Even the `` daylight '' setting is more like lighting in a nightclub .
 I have had this piece of JUNK appox . one month , it is a total piece of junk , waste of money.Can not see anything as it has a yellow appearing light , the wings are a waste.If I could have given it zero stars I would have.Wish I had not wasted $ 26.99 . Do not recommend this at all .
 The lighting on this mirror is insufficient even on the brightest setting . It has four small light bulbs , two blue and two white . The older lighted makeup mirrors used two elongated fluorescent bulbs which provided much brighter light . I thought it was a bargain at 21.99 , but then I had to buy a desk lamp to place next to it to supplement the lighting , so it turned out to be no bargain after all . The style , the mirrors , and the magnification are good ... but I consider the lighting the most important feature of a lighted make up mirror . So to me , it is a disappointment .
 I agree with the previous review that this mirror has bad lighting . I returned it for a refund . I then found the Jilbere mirror in the same style which does have real bright lighting and I am happy with it . Do n't waste your money on the Conair .
 I searched in the stores for a make-up mirror like I had back in the 70 's . I was looking for a Clairol mirror with the two lighted sides . The closest I could find was this Conair and after reading the reviews , I thought I 'd give it a shot . It was a total disappointment . Ended up giving it to my 10 year old daughter . I knew going into it that probably the only good setting would be daytime but even that did n't work well . The bulbs are not the flourescent type and therefore do not give you even-brightest that you need at 43 years old ! It was way too forgiving and I wanted something that did n't lie ! I ended up finding an old Clairol one in by mother 's basement . Save your money and look on ebay if you want a good one like the olden days !
 After years with my similar style Remington and Clairol mirrors , I assumed this mirror would be the same . I expected the same fluorescent long bulbs that the others had but , instead , this comes with little bulbs that give off very little light . Who ever made the decision to use these bulbs instead of the florescent strip type bulbs should be FIRED . This should n't even get one star . I returned this for a refund immediately .
 I have owned lighted makeup mirrors by Conair . Here are the problems I encountered with this product .1 -RRB- After using for a short time the product gets hot .2 -RRB- It is difficult to open the panels that encase the mirror .3 -RRB- The lighting options offered are quite dim and definitely do not provide adequate light for applying makeup .4 -RRB- The cord is too short .
 Let 's say that I 'm a 30-year old woman , with 20/20 vision , and I can not see anything in this mirror . The lights are non-existent . I 'm afraid to put on makeup in this light , because I may very well walk out the door and look like a clown . I am 100 % sure that any color I apply under this light will look ridiculous in natural light outside.I 'm returning my mirror , and my advice to anyone is - do n't buy it in the first place .
 The lighting is very disappointing and dim , compared to the previous lighted makeup mirror that I had , but I did not have time to return it before taking it on a trip . I would definitely have returned it . The lighting is very dim .
 I sent this product back ... I have owned make-up mirrors all my life and this one did not have light bulbs the fulllength of the mirror . . it has two bulbs top and bottom . This makes for a blind spot and does not give enough light for you to see what you are doing ... would not purchase this product ever again . . thanks for letting me return it the next day ...
 I had previously bought this mirror after my old one just was n't cutting it anymore . I had done some research on reasonably priced tri-fold mirrors , and this was one of the results I had gotten . After seeing so many bad reviews about this product , I hesitantly purchased it since I was mirror-less . Unfortunately it lived up to its bad reputation . Two weeks after I had been using it , the lighting stopped working . If I had originally purchased it just for the mirror , this would n't have been a big deal . But I would like to see what I 'm putting on my face , so if there were no lights it was useless to me . It worked decently while the lights were functioning , but they were nothing close to natural lighting . So I was a little shocked to see my face later in the day being a few shades darker than what I had remembered it being in the mirror . So as you can see this mirror just was n't right for me . I see in other reviews that this mirror is just the best thing that has ever happened to some people . So I 'm guessing it is just a trial and error type of mirror . Just remember to keep the receipt c :
 Good things
 I had a Clairol 3 panel mirror for 15 year and loved it . The lighting on the Conair mirror is not bright enough at ANY setting
 I ordered this make up mirror thinking it would be similar to the one I had . I travel some with my job and the mirror cracked in my luggage on a flight . I have used a make up mirror for many years , since I was in highschool and I am 53 now . The lighting on this mirror was terrible . You could almost see better before you turned it on ... really do not waste your money . I sent it back . The exchange was easy . I was thankful for that . I did find and old model `` clairol '' lighted make up mirror ... works GREAT and I saw Remmington lighted mirrors also ... I used to have one of those too .
 I ca n't see a thing in this `` lighted '' mirror -- all of the settings , including Daylight , are so dim as to be virtually useless . It 's going back .
 Conair TM7LX-320 Illumina Three panel Make-up Mirror w/4 Light SettingsThis mirror was the bomb when I had it back in the day of my teens - I loved it . I just purchased it and am sadly disappointed by the lighting quality as even though it has several settings it 's missing the one you can truly get a nice bright view to put on your makeup . I do n't remember the lighting being so dark :-LRB- so now I 'm shopping for something better without having to redo the lighting in my room . The quality of the product is sturdy and may do better in a highly lit room but not everyone lives in a department store setting lol . Anyway good luck if you choose this product but I would n't recommend it if you are looking for a real style light ie like you have in your bathrooms or if you would like to have bright light . It really is odd lighting colors .
 I bought this so I could see to put makeup on . well even on the brightest setting its almost like being in candle light . The bulbs seem yellow no matter what setting you use sorry to say but this is going back : -LRB-
 My wife liked the mirror but it came broken when plugged in it will not light up this might not reflect all of the products but this review is for mine and that is how it came .
 I ordered just the bottle from Amazon , not this 3 piece set . I was wary of ordering it since Calvin Klein does n't list it as one of their fragrances on their website anymore -LRB- for about a year or longer now -RRB- I figured I 'd order it from Amazon and get the free super saver shipping instead of one of the other companies listed by Amazon . I 'm not sure what happened but the smell is NOT like the Purple Orchid that I previously had . I 'm very sensitive to smells and this new bottle just reeks of an incense smell which makes me nauseous . I 'm glad I still have some of my old bottle left and totally bummed that it seems either the formulation changed or maybe I just got a `` bad batch . ''
 Did not smell in any way similar to magazine samples . Almost no scent . Very weak !!! Would not purchase from this perfume source again .
 Hello ... I do not understand why my perfume came without box . And the smell is not the same , the smell is strange .
 I am a regular user of Obsession For Men so I tried this but it does n't work for me . It 's hard to pinpoint the exact smell but it 's a musky/woodsy/insect repellent smell and it 's not getting any compliments from the ladies . Oh well .
 I know some folks who like it a lot but on me it has a dill smell , after a couple minutes that smell dies off and it smell pretty good but the dill effect lingers in my mind . Might smell different on you though , give it a try at the store first to make sure .
 When I received this product , the box was damp and dented and broken . When I opened up the product i saw that the cologne was cracked and leaking everywhere . Once i taped up the bottle I really only got 1 ounce out of it . I was very dissapppointed in this product .
 Poor quality construction -- the bristles on mine started falling apart on the first use . Plus , it was much rougher than something like loofah . You might as well tie a couple of shoestrings on a dog brush and use that .
 Do n't know if my body chemistry has changed or if the perfume was just old but I do NOT care for this any longer . Smells like an old woman and I wore it when I was YOUNG!Second disappointing fact , I paid for expedited shipping and was told product would arrive on a certain day but did not arrive until 2 day after and when I contacted the seller , there was no offer for the expedited shipping charges to be refunded to me or even a partial refund . Was overall disappointed !
 So I was super excited to get this cologne and all the reviews I read seemed positive . If there is one thing I have learned it is never to blind buy , ALWAYS smell and test a fragrance on yourself before purchasing it . This was difficult with Twice though since it is n't retailed in America.REVIEW : By itself the scent was quite powdery and smelt like something a 40 something year old man would wear , perhaps while taking a business trip on an airplane.On me the fragrance started out pretty non-descript , it smelled nice -LRB- like most perfume -RRB- but totally forgettable . It had a very floral/cream soda-like note to start ; a close comparison would be the Kilo body wash by Axe , not exactly what I expected from a cologne . This faded pretty fast , `` thankfully '' . The next phase was quite nice , it reminded me of a clean jasmine green tea and clover honey . I definitely enjoyed this phase of the scent although I do not know if I liked the smell on me . The scent lasted for perhaps 5 hours or more , the nice mid-scent did n't last incredibly long and instead gave way to again a powdery and non-descript smell ; not bad , but not that interesting either.Overall I would n't recommend it . It 's a tad too floral and the best part of the scent was a short middle and the dry down was pretty bland . I will keep using it to see if it grows on me , but I am doubtful .
 I thought this would smell alot diferent -- and better -- than what this product actually smells like . Cocoa bliss ? Anybody would expect based on that name for it to smell somewhat like cocoa
 I was very disappointed with this product . I was told by my dermatologist that this product would help to slow facial hair growth . It did absolutely nothing !!!
 I bought this hair dryer because I was specifically looking for something quiet -LRB- started to worry about my hearing with some super loud hair dryers -RRB- . I bought this hair dryer . It worked well until it got stuck on cold after a few months . Liked it enough to buy a second one . However , it , too , got stuck on cold , and the button dislodged , after 3 months . I should have learned my lesson the first time .
 Just like H. Harris , I 've owned two of these -LRB- because they really are quieter than regular hair dryers -RRB- and both have failed after no more than a year or so . Given the higher cost of this model , I have no intention of purchasing another .
 In regard to Nutri Lift.I do not think the product proforms that was advertised . I wouldnot purchase it again . Saw no improvement .
 I was sold Wrinkle Repair by a Nutra-lift representative , who said it has the highest concentration of ingredients to smooth wrinkles and fine lines . He guaranteed a refund , but only if purchased directly from Nutra-Lift -LRB- aka `` Younger You . -RRB- The brochure that arrived with the product showed before/after photos that clearly were retouched , shot in completely different lighting . Testimonials said results were seen after 6 weeks of use . I had the bottle , so I used it every day for 6 weeks with NO results . Also , it has an unpleasant smell like rotting fruit , -LRB- or old baby vomit . -RRB- When I asked for a refund , Nutra-Lift placed the fault on me instead of their inferior product . I received a rude email telling me that I should see a Dermatologist , because I must have a `` serious skin condition . '' They also refused to refund my money because I 'd used the product over 30 days , as their literature advised . A frustrating and worthless experience !
 I wanted to like this product but it burns my skin and makes it peel so much that I ca n't even go out of the house looking like that . Also , it accentuates the lines around the eyes and actually made me look much older and wrinkly . How can anyone like this . I am going to have to throw it out . What a total waste of money !
 This product did not work for me whatsoever . It also smelled like caramel , so it was like smearing that on my face each time . I did faithfully apply and try for 2 weeks . Just did nothing .
 I do n't know why , but this product and other Loreal skin care products I have used `` pill '' on my face . If you rub an area of skin , to be sure the product has been distributed , little rolls of the moisturizer form and then need to be removed from your face . I much much prefer neutrogena and olay brands because they soak in completely .
 Came without the box and without a seal over the cream . I threw it out for safety reasons . Now of this was outlined in the product explanation .
 While I really like the product , I resent the fact that they try to cheat us with this ridiculous trick . They must think all women are not very bright , and do n't realize that the wide golden band at the bottom of the bottle just covers up the fact that the applicator does not reach past the golden band , while there is still plenty of the product left.They thought we would n't notice and think the product was empty when it was not . Do n't they make enough profit on that little bottle already ?
 I would have returned had I not brought the brand new tube with me to mexico before noticing that it is brown instead of black as labeled . It also seemed dry compared to every other max factor mascara -LRB- including other tubes of lashfinity that i have had -RRB- .
 While I really like the product , I resent the fact that they try to cheat us with this ridiculous trick . They must think all women are not very bright , and do n't realize that the wide golden band at the bottom of the bottle just covers up the fact that the applicator does not reach past the golden band , while there is still plenty of the product left.They thought we would n't notice and think the product was empty when it was not . Do n't they make enough profit on that little bottle already ?
 The color showed in the picture is not the same as the color they sent me . The one I received -LRB- and unfortunately I bought 2 of them -RRB- is much darker . So they are sitting in my make up case , maybe one of my friends might like it and they can have it .
 While I really like the product , I resent the fact that they try to cheat us with this ridiculous trick . They must think all women are not very bright , and do n't realize that the wide golden band at the bottom of the bottle just covers up the fact that the applicator does not reach past the golden band , while there is still plenty of the product left.They thought we would n't notice and think the product was empty when it was not . Do n't they make enough profit on that little bottle already ?
 The picture of this products show a different article.It very small , only last for two aplications.It 's a rip off.The perfum smell great , the beast , but this is a sample , they should ` nt sell it , this should be a free sample .
 NICE PRODUCT , BUT THE COLOR IS SO OFF ! LIGHT IVORY MIGHT AS WELL HAVE BEEN CALLED CHALK WHITE . I NOW USE THIS TO MIX WITH OTHER FOUNDATIONS TO MAKE THEM A TAD LIGHTER . OH WELL .
 The product title was deceiving . When I first selected it , it said &#34; Eau the Perfume &#34; -LRB- which is the product I have bought from amazon in several occasions -RRB- . I was ordering so many things that I did not noticed that in the last page the title did not red &#34; Eau the Perfume &#34; . -LRB- it did not specified anything -RRB- . I received &#34; Eau de Cologne &#34; , which is a cheaper product . I learned my lesson , I will be more thorough from in the future .
 yo recibi un correo en donde mi courrier dice que la colonia llego rota y que los contacten para el cambio del producto . Adicionalmente me enviaron un correo desde miami soportando lo que estoy indicando .
 I bought this for my wife . She has been using this brand for about 20 years . We were excited to get this at such a great price . The very first time she used it she asked me what I thought . There is something different about it . I do n't know if it is a knock off or maybe it was n't stored properly . It could be real old - who knows but there is something different about it . We both noticed it . Now if you have never used this you should be plenty happy with it as you do n't have anything to go by . The difference is so slight that I 'm sure many people would not notice .
 I purchased this after reading a desciption , stating in had light floral tones , very feminine , Quite frankly it is over powering and smells like it was intended for an elderly woman who needs to cover up other `` smells '' . I would NEVER BUY this perfume again . deliverly was prompt and that is the only positive thing about this transation !!!
 Do not waste your money.there is some kind of velcoo wraparound that can not be removed and NO INSTRUCTIONS at all . There is no way to take it apart to the different sizes without breaking it .
 i really like the wrapped with love but this one is wayy too woodsy for me . its just plain terrible . no more blind buys for me . my last few orders have been horrible . but if you like a strong woodsy smell . this is for you .
 I like the smell just not on me . It was a very woodsy smell . It does dry down to a nice powdery musky smell but it tookforever on me . Some people liked it on me , I just did n't like the smell over time I would get a headache from it .
 I received an imitation version of this perfume , and loved it so much , I went looking for more . Unable to find it , I forked out the money for `` the real thing '' here . Yuck ! I do n't like the scent at all - and looking back wish I had returned it for a refund . It 's sweet and pungent , and nothing at all like the imitation version I loved so much . One possible explanation is maybe my bottle was exposed to extreme temperatures -LRB- heat -RRB- in shipping , since I do live in Arizona . If I ever come across a sampler in a store , I will definitely check it out and report back .
 I bought this perfume , because the bottle was really cute so I figure cute bottle and Hilary Duff ? Its got to smell great ! Well I 'm not so sure about the smell . I 'm 22 and also a perfume lover . I love all kinds of smells from elegant to fruity smells and have over 50 bottles from cheap to pricey . This perfume I was not impressed by . The vanilla was way too strong and has an after smell of old lady and black licorice . I thought maybe I sprayed too much or was just having a weird smelling day , but I 've let a few people smell it and they all say the same thing . One of my friends loves this perfume so I gave it to her so at least in some way it was money well spent ! So if your a vanilla and/or black licorice person you 'll love it and if not maybe this perfume is not for you . Hope this helps . Sorry Hilary I still love your music and movies !!
 I thought I 'd give With Love a try based on other reviews . First , it does n't smell anything like anyone else described . Its a strong smell of sandal wood , which I think smells alright for a house ... but not so much as a perfume . Second , its way to strong . I did n't want to waste it so I tried to pawn it off on the girls I work with . All of them said it was not that great and way too strong . So at least I was n't the only one who thought that way about this perfume . I never write reviews just always read them . I had to write this review because it was honestly one of the worst , strongest perfumes I 've ever had . It def . was n't for me .
 I 'm sorry , but this is another pop-star fragrance that I really do n't care for -LRB- another being Britney Spear 's `` Curious '' -RRB- . I was given a sample of it at Walgeens the other day . It 's too sweet smelling for my tastes -LRB- my mother said it smelled like air freshener -RRB- , and I think I had an allergic reaction to it.I got a rash . Also , that night I woke up to find my left eye was starting to swell shut -LRB- I had not even sprayed it on my skin that time -RRB- . After removing contaminated articles of clothing and using hydrocortizone , symptoms vanished within an hour . Take that , Hillary Duff .
 My daughter wears this perfume and I really do n't care for it . It has a very sweet smell to it and it seems to linger in the air as well . I guess they would be ok if you liked the scent .
 The picture for this ad shows a regular black box for Arpege perfume . However , what I received was a white box with TESTEUR printed on it . On the back side under a label was printed TESTER - NOT FOR SALE . In addition the perfume came without the normal fancy cap . This is the first time I was ever sold questional merchandise from Amazon . I do n't intend to return it - it is an expense and a hassle .
 I ordered this face wash based on great reviews and used it one time two nights ago with my Clarisonic . It dried my face and the second day when I woke up , I have millions of little wrinkles -LRB- due to driness I guess -RRB- all over my face . I was horrified . I contacted -LRB- via Amazon -RRB- the seller , Payless Beauty , and they do n't take returns . I wish I knew their return policy before I ordered it . I just wasted $ 30 and feel frustrated by the seller 's return policy . I will NEVER order anything from this seller .
 I have used this specific product for years now with great results so this feedback is not directed towards the brand . It is however to warn all Amazon buyers about the sheer incompetence , rudeness , and lack of professionalism of the seller and their representatives . When the product finally arrived , I noticed it was shipped in nothing but a thin , flimsy plastic envelope which contained zero padding or cushioning . So not surprising at all , the bottom corners of the bottle were crushed in to the point where the bottle wo n't even stand up on its own . What 's worse however is that the top of the bottle was taped as to not let the liquid spill out during shipping . On it 's face this would seem like a perfectly appropriate measure and make sense as the item is expensive and one would certainly not appreciate getting a bottle of face wash that has more outside the bottle than in . The problem with this is the product I purchased is supposed to come SEALED UNDER THE CAP , therefore making the use of tape over the bottle top pointless . When I further inspected the bottle not only did I notice that the original seal was not intact , but missing altogether . Additionally , the bottle was missing about a half inch of the face wash liquid which pretty much leaves me to believe the bottle had been used prior to being shipped to me , and likely had been returned by another user and re-sold to me as brand new . I am absolutely certain of the issues I am listing here because for one thing as I mentioned , I have been using this product for years and know full well how it is packaged by the manufacturer , AND I also purchased a similar product -LRB- the Peter Thomas Roth bluffing beads -RRB- by a different seller which not only arrived in a fully bubble wrapped package , but still had the original seal under the cap , AND the contents were full through the neck and up to the top of the bottle . The product from this seller as I said was missing contents down past the neck of the bottle . Well , I left feedback about these issues on this website and was subsequently contacted by the seller . Rather than offering any feasible solutions or even being the least bit apologetic for the inconvenience they had caused me , the response I received was rude , pretty much blamed ME for even posting anything about them , and only offered to refund my money if I a -RRB- returned the product , and b -RRB- removed the negative feedback . When I asked what difference that makes if I 'm having to go back and re-purchase yet another bottle of this product from a different seller and argued that something , anything should be done to compensate for the colossal waste of time they had cost me , not to mention money , they basically told me they could care less about my business and with respect to their offer , I could take it or leave it . I am therefore writing to all of you Amazon users out there with a warning to NEVER USE THIS SELLER FOR ANYTHING as they are not only liars and cheats , but refuse to take responsibility when they get caught . I am willing to take the hit on what I paid for this item in order to leave my feedback on the site and spare all of you the trouble and headache of ever dealing with them . If anyone has any questions feel free to contact me directly anytime .
 This smells horrible . There are no returns on this item , which I did not realize , that is my fault . If you want to purchase it for a collectible that is fine . To wear , no way .
 I have been a Remington Customer for nearly 50 years . 3 years ago , I bought my son his first Remington , expecting to carry on the tradition . Then , I bought the MS-5200 . It HOWLS like a small airplane . I expected THREE SHAVING HEADS , but got only TWO . The little one is useless , YANKING at the mustache hairs , painfully . The RPMs on this one are similar to a hand lawn mower . This is very painful for me , because after 50 years , I feel like I have to try something else , perhaps buying Braun next time . What ever happened to `` shaves as close as a blade '' ? Believe it or not , the company sends a piece of paper with this one , cautioning
 It was a nice looking razor but it did n't work and I had to send it back for credit . I bought another one locally and had trouble with it also . I wonder if the 5200 just does n't have to many bells & whistles . I finally bought a 5100 it 's a plain Jane but is working great .
 I bought this shaver and was first very disappointed in the small `` mini-foil '' microscreen which is worthless . The mini-foil does n't shave my face at all and is quite uncomfortable . I had expected to have three shaving heads as in all my prior Remington shavers . The shaver also ran slowly and took forever to get a decent shave . After exchanging the first shaver for another one I find that the replacement performs just as poorly.For the first time in my life , I am considering leaving Remington for another brand .
 I have used Remington electrics for many , many years and my current MS3-2700 would run for close to 2 weeks of shaves between charges . I decided to buy a new unit when , after about 5 years of service , it began to need recharging more frequently - every 7 days or so - and I figured the battery was beginning to die . Little did I know that Remington now ships them dead already.The first MS5200 shipped to me was charged as per the instructions for 24 hours and showed a 100 % charge . It lasted through about 12 total minutes of shaving and started to die . Pressing the `` plus '' button which is supposed to give you an added five minutes resulted in the unit ceasing to run at all . I re-charged the shaver for another 24 hours and only got about 10 minutes of shaving before it too was completely dead . This shaver is supposed to run for 55 minutes after a full charge , with an added 5 minutes after pressing the `` plus '' button.I exchanged for another unit and this one only lasted about 7 minutes -LRB- not even 2 shaves -RRB- after the initial 24 hour charge . It is going back for a refund.And how is it that the older model only needs about an hour or two to fully charge while this newer model needs 24 hours ? Stay away from this clunker .
 Remmington MS5200 is not worth the money . The thrid pop up mini foil will break . It will break via the vibration and will not close back down in position . Vibrates back up and becomes a lead blade wich is quite uncomfortable . I pulled mine out . Now its a two blade . I had previous Remmington 's which worked great with the three blades and a pop up trimmer , but were poorly designed as the trimmer suffered the same result as this crappy pop up foil . . vibration and plastic dont mix.Build a better shaver Remmington
 razor is insanely loud compared to last razor , first time i have had a microscreen ... kinda shaves crappy ... not all that impressed but no electric is perfect .
 A complete waste of time and effort . The battery would not accept a charge . Had to return it . I did receive a refund .
 The razor gives a nice close shave , and comes with an ear and nose trimmer to boot , but the battery wo n't hold a charge . Remington went bankrupt , and shipped a bunch of defective product out before they did . The merchant was fine to deal with . Buy another kind of electric razor from them .
 As is often the case , this Remington provides a good close shave . But the third `` mini '' foil is cumbersome at best and not at all helpful . Most frustrating of all is it 's inability to hold a charge . I may have just received a defective unit , but after 2-3 shaves it needs to be fully re-charged . Not real happy with this unit and will likely switch to a different style of Remington or perhaps go back to a Braun , which I 've enjoyed in years past .
 I am having trouble with this shaver . The shaver will charge up okay , but after using the shaver without the cord when the supply power gets down to less then 60 % the unit dies and must be recharged . The shaving head is excellent , a nice close shave , that is the reason I purchased this particular unit as I had one just like it before , but I am very unhappy with it 's performance .
 The product shipped to me was a discontinued model . It would not hold a charge so was unusable . I contacted Remington and they replaced the unit with an up to date product . Not a good experience .
 I am sure it is a great shaver , but I ordered it for my 94 year old father who is vision impaired . The battery did not hold its charge ; the mini blade falls off easily during cleaning which for a visually impaired person is a problem , and the carrying case is too small for the shaver and the huge electric cord .
 Saludos me falto el bono que es `` Nose and Ear Trimmer '' no llego a quien le escribo o como hago por favor
 I am sorry to say that I was fully disappointed in the Remington 5200 I received on line from Amazon . When it arrived , the head was broken . The person for whom it was a gift , fixed that but when he tried to use the razor , it would not work . He tried time and again to recharge the battery , but it would not take a charge . He tried to send it back , but the dealer said he would pay my friend $ 20 to keep it and forget the problem.Needless to say , I am surprised that a Remington dealer would send such a product and then treat the issue as he did .
 Be careful when selecting this product via Amazon.The first one I ordered would not hold its charge , at all . 10/10 for the no-cost return service from Amazon.Second one was advertised as having bonus ear and nose trimmer , but according to the the supplier , that was a mistake on Amazon 's part and arrived sans bonus package . To be fair , they have refunded the cash already , even though we ; re still waiting for Fedex to pick the return up ... I got the same shaver for the same price -LRB- 54USD -RRB- and free shipping elsewhere , including the freebie Ear/Nose trimmer.The battery on this third attempt is still not stellar and the charge indicator is not to be relied upon hence the one star . -LRB- it is noisy like my 10 year old one -RRB- - I just ca n't be fussed to return it a third time .
 I 've owned this razor for over a year now . It replaced a Remington M2830 Intercept razor that I very happily used for several years . Ca n't say how disappointed I was , and still am , in the switch.Shave time to get a decent shave is lengthy . It 's noisy , but I can live with that if it did n't have so many other deficiencies . This shaver often misses whiskers in between my chin and neck - I find them when they get long enough to be called ` hairs ' . Do n't try to use this shaver on anything over a 2-day beard , unless you really like pain!The pop-up trimmer is n't getting the job done either.Pros
 I have been a loyal Remington user ever since I could 1st shave in the 80 's and even had an earlier version of this model but this one broke after 3 only months . The part of the shaver that houses the micro screens broke on the latches so they no longer could hold the screen in place.I contacted Remington and they informed me that this razor was from 2005 and no longer in production . Nowhere on this page from this seller do they inform that you they are selling an old model -LRB- MS5200 -RRB- or that is no longer produced . This seller did NOT offer any type of help after I contacted them . Luckily Remington did send me a new model but it was not near as nice as this one . It was just a basic version of their MicroScreen Shaver.So just wanted to share my experience . Be wary because this is an old model that is no longer produced and even though it has lots of cool features it is not as reliable as all the Remington razors I 've had over the past 20 years .
 This product never worked at all . I called Remington and was told that the battery was dead , could n't be charged and was a discontinued model . They offered to replace it by me sending them only a copy of the invoice . This is what I did . They sent a new shaver and it works fine .
 I got this because it was my moms signature fragrance , and I have fond memories of her wearing it , but apparently the makers have re formulated it because it smells nothing like I remember it , and I was sadly disappointed . I lost my mom to cancer in 2004 and I was looking for a way to have her around when I was feeling especially blue for her , I thought this would be the way . Now I have a bottle of perfume that cost me over $ 30 just sitting on my dresser ... . this doesnt make me happy .
 I have used this products for 6-7 years and always loved it , until today ... I ordered this from Amazon and received it a few days ago . First I noticed a new label on the tub . OK , but then as I scooped out my first scoop I noticed a color change . . instead of being the color of something like Nestle Quik powder my protein was a very light shade of tan ... bad sign . Still , I gave it a chance . . after mixing and tasting I felt duped ! Different texture and WEAK flavor - where did my rich Cocoa flavor go ? I could have picked this product out of a blind test after having it every day for that many years ... . the new version is awful ... did I just get a bad batch ? HELP .
 Do n't be fooled by the label `` great tasting '' . When mixed this stuff tastes terrible ! If you want something better tasting `` Muscle Milk '' is the way to go .
 Do n't be fooled by the label `` great tasting '' . When mixed this stuff tastes terrible ! If you want something better tasting `` Muscle Milk '' is the way to go .
 I have been using this product for almost 2 years now and when I received my tub with the new label , I noticed that it has 120 calories . The `` old '' label listed 90 calories . On Amazon 's website it lists 96 calories - which is correct ? It may not sound like much of a difference , but it needs to be accurate . What else is incorrect ???
 The brush is too rough and left scratch marks on my skin . Maybe my skin is too thin . This is probably a product you need to test out in person . However , after I used it one time , your skin does tingle . So it does work .
 I never recived my conair product . I was tracking and then it said it was being returned to sender . So I had Amazon resend it once it got back to them . then they shipped it again . Then once again i was tracking it and it said Returning to sender so i never got my conair product . And i am waiting for my refund once it reaches Amozon again .
 I 've only used it once , so I can not comment on it 's effectiveness . It smells awful and is drying . That was enough for me to never touch it again .
 When I got this product , the contents of the bottle was poured out . . I left a message to Amazon , & they said I had to get in touch with the co. it came from ... So I paid for hair color that I could not use .
 You get a lot of ` stuff ' but none of it is of high quality . Very little fragrance and it all comes from China . My wife was not impressed .
 i order vanilla got avacodo damaged also lots of stuffing , for the price they could of added other bottle of the bath oil .
 This package had an awful chemical smell to it upon arrival . The actual lotion , body wash , etc smell fine but the plastic it was wrapped in is nauseating . I 'm hoping that the smell will go away once unwrapped and given time to air out , but at this point I would be embarrassed to give this item as a gift ...
 I bought it hoping it 's the same cologne that I had , but this turned out to be different and Amazon.com has a no return policy on fragrances . Be VERY CAREFUL buying fragrances online !
 Hi , I rated this purchase by -LRB- 1 star -RRB- because I received my perfume broken , so I have never seen a bad deal like this with Amazon.com LLC . I am very sorry about that : -LRB- Thank you ,
 I received a sample of this product from Sephora . I like the darker fragrances , and I liked this one . Then I realized it was men 's cologne . Whoopsies . But , it could easily pass for a woman 's perfume as well ! I liked the scent but it has poor staying power . I also would n't want my husband wearing something that smells like ladies ' perfume . I 'm just sayin ' .
 Have bought two of these zeno 's so far from amazon and have yet to have one that will turn on or charge for that matter . Am not impressed . Dont waste your money , as the title says `` Stare at it long enough and your acne might go away ... '' Cause thats all i 've been able to do is stare at it and hope it turns on.Dont buy !!!!!!!!!!!! Not worth the waste of money .
 I bought 2 if it works it 's good but I lost the 2 very bad quality does not accept charging
 NOT KNOCKING JUST FOR ME PRODUCTS BUT THIS DID NOT WORK FOR MY DAUGHTER 'S HAIR . IT STRAIGHTENED BUT IT DID N'T CURL HER HAIR .
 PLEASE DONT BUY THIS PRODUCT IS NO GOOD . THIS PRODUCT WILL BREAK YOUR IS NOT A SOFTNER IS RELAXER . I PUT IT IN MY HAIR JUST FOR THREE SECOND AND BREAKS MY HAIR . PLEASE DO NOT USE THIS PRODUCT IN YOUR KID HAIR OR YOUR HAIR .
 This product is not a texturizer . It is more like a relaxer , I ca n't believe this product is stronger than a regular relaxer . If you are looking for texturizer I would not recommend this product . It turned my curly hair into straight hair , hopefully it will grow out . I miss my curls : -LRB-
 I bought this product for my daughter who has thick hair . Previously I was using Phytospecific which is great -LRB- read the reviews on it -RRB- but very expensive -LRB- $ 60 -RRB- . Her hair was very soft and the product didnt over process it -LRB- loved it -RRB- . Now that I 'm unemployed , I was looking for an inexpensive alternative . I knew the traditional boxed relaxer would probably be too strong so I went with the texturizer . I 'm glad I did n't get the relaxer because this made my daughters hair bone straight and dry . I used two conditioners and oiled it really good so the dryness does n't break it off .
 yes i followed directions . i very foolishly thought this product will loosen my then 5 year old daughter 's coily hair . i certainly did not expect it to become straight . i was then left with caring for straight hair and was advised to continue use . i tried my best but two years down the road her hair is damage and breaking off . so now we are transitioning and i am being more thorough with hair hair and doing research . will never recommended or reuse this product !
 This product was something I was curious about even though there are mixed reveiws as the saying goes dont knock it until you try it . Well I tried so knock it all you want . PLEASE DO NOT get this product even out of curiousity . I should have known better I cant even be mad that it F 'd up my hair because I knew the risk I just want my curls to not be so spirally , well I got my wish ... . yea right more like a nightmare I literrally did not comb , left it on for less than 3 mins and wash it out did all the steps -LRB- yes I read the instruction twice -RRB- , beause I didnt want any mistakes well I guess my hair couldnt handle it the product because that bottom half of my hair is completely straigt and the rest of my hair is wavy . :-RRB- Aww so sad I thought I couldnt wear my hair down then shoot definitely cant now . SPARE yourself the pain and embarassment and leave you gorgeous hair alone ladies .
 I used this product and it did n't affect on my hairs i thought it 'll make my hair looks good but after some days my hair felling down and so much dry
 I 've had great success using different kinds of shea butter , mostly to make my feet look better in sandles . I 've always wanted to try L'Occitane 's products but hesitated because they seem expensive . I was happy to find this mini tin of pure shea butter . I guess I did n't read the size carefully when I ordered as I was surprised at how tiny this tin actually was when it arrived . Still , I know a little shea butter goes a long way so I did n't mind too much . Yet when I opened the tin I was struck by the unpleasant smell . I 've used pure , refined shea butter -LRB- no scent -RRB- and pure , unprocessed shea butter -LRB- slightly nutty scent -RRB- before , but neither smelled like the L'Occitane mini shea butter tin I received . The shea butter works well but the smell is so unpleasant to me that I 'm only using it on my feet when I wear socks and shoes , or at bedtime . It softens my heels well and keeps them looking soft but I will try another brand of pure shea butter next time .
 Where to begin ? First of all , the name , Lip SHEER is dubious at best . Summmer Fling , a pale pink that would have been lovely if actually sheer , is thick , opaque , and chalky . The only way I can wear it without looking like the walking dead is to layer over a darker lipcolor , which completely defeats the purpose of me buying it as an on-the-go type product I could use quickly and easily . It made my lips feel dry and caked , very unpleasant . Go with the Neutrogena lipsheer
 Something has gone wrong with this shampoo . Although I realize that hair can change and thus the products used in the past may not work as well , this latest shipment that I received of the shampoo and the mouse were awful . The shampoo left my hair dry and flyaway and did not work at all as I would expect . The instructions on the back of the can for the mouse were not in English . I 'll never ever order these again .
 This peice of crap did not come with any attachments !!! Do not purchase The actually dryer wotrked fine but i was highly upset that my attachments were not there !
 The hottest setting on this hair dryer is barely warm . Totally disappointed with this product . Save your money and buy a dryer that actually spits out hot air when on the ` hot ' setting !
 The dryer looked good , but the power cord has a tag attached to it that states , `` The power cord on this product contains lead , a chemical known to the State of California to cause birth defects or other reproductive harm . Wash hands after handling . `` I had to send it back when I read that .
 I did my research on a series of hair dryers prior to purchasing this . I read the reviews here and they were very positive . As a prime members I always do my best to take advantage of the items that allow free shipping so it was great that this fit the ticket . Unfortunately , this dryer died after the first usage . I turned it on to see if it would work properly and it did ... the first time . I tried to use it a day or so later and it would n't even come on . Very disappointed ! Thankfully amazon has great customer service and will be giving me a refund . However , I really wanted this product to work , now I 'm looking for yet another dryer .
 I 've been trying to find a daily lotion that helps prevent wrinkles and gives me SPF protection . I am turning 30 this year so I figured it 's time to take care of my face . So far I 've tried Olay 's Regenerist SPF 15 lotion with mediocre satisfaction so I decided to try this L'Oreal product . I like how it seems to absorb into my skin upon application and it dries quickly - unlike the Olay lotion I tried . It does n't make my face feel greasy or oily and the smell is n't unpleasant.However , I am very disappointed that this lotion seems to rub off . It 's kind of hard to explain . One day I rubbed my eye and all of a sudden there were tiny white granules caught in my eyebrow , eye lashes , and on my skin . As I tried to sweep these clumps off more lotion kept crumbling off . I was not wearing make-up , just the lotion . I have never experienced anything like that with a lotion , or a make-up for that matter . It was bizarre . For a day lotion I want something that will stay on my skin with normal interactions . If this lotion did n't crumble off I would like it for the reasons I mentioned above but I do n't like what happens to it . If you do wear make-up over it then the make-up crumbles off with it . I apply powder sometimes and touched my face and had little tan granules all over the place . Not attractive .
 I LOVE L'Oreal 's countour and night cream , so I wanted to try the day lotion . As previous reviewers have mentioned , this does crumble , and it stings . Some moisturizers do sting a little at first , so I continued using it . However , when my eyes began burning and watering , I thought perhaps I was allergic to this formula -LRB- I never apply it near my eyes or eyelids -RRB- , although I do n't normally have sensitive skin . Then I realized that it was flaking and peeling , so must have been making it 's way into my eyes . The consistency is thin , my face feels dry when I use it , and the peeling makes it difficult to apply foundation . I will stick with the other L'Oreal moisturizing creams , I trust the brand , but did not have a good experience with this lotion .
 used semi perm hair color . purchased this product at a Beauty supply , used it . It did not remove any of the black stains , even though it clearly shows a picture of a woman with black hair stains on the bos , before & after . Just did not work at ALL !
 I tried Kinerase , both eye creams and the face lotion , for about a year and to be honest , they did n't do any more than any other good moisturizer . After hearing about Kinerase for quite a while and then spending so much for this stuff , I tried to talk myself into believing that these products were really something special . They are not . If you want a dermatologist line that is effective try LaRoche Posay 's Redermic and Substiane . I have recently switched and can see a appreciable difference in firmness and smoothness .
 Good moisturizer , nothing more . Not worth more than $ 10-15 . I have been using this lotion for about two months now . My skin tone and texture have n't improved whatsoever . I was n't expecting a miracle moisturizer , but for the price I was expecting to see at least some improvement .
 These products did not work well on my skin . My skin is too sensitive for them . That dose n't necessarily mean it wo n't work for someone else . I 'm a woman of color , and I 've found , Ambi Skin Discoloration Fade Cream for Normal Skin to works best for me .
 Bought this item based on the picture thinking I 'd get a Spray and a cream ! It 's just the spray . I 'll have to pay more attention next time .
 I used this product for 12 months and I do n't like writing bad reviews , but this deserves attention . My hair was thinning slightly and I was concerned because I was not ready to step into the middle ages early -LRB- 33 -RRB- . The commercials for this product said , `` it is never too early to start using Rogaine '' . Well , I will tell you the truth . If you have thinning hair , but it is still strong and grows longer the 1/2 '' , then you have hair better than Rogaine hair . Here is what I and nearly every other person I know had happen . First , when you start taking Rogaine , your natural hair will start to fall out . This is normal as the new Rogaine hair will take it place as noted in package . What is not noted is this hair is peach fuzz , never growing longer than 1/2 - 3/4 '' . This hair does not style and is usually lighter than your normal hair , thus drawing more attention to an area you just rather not draw attention to . Think that is bad , that is not even the worst part . As the topical solution covers more of your scalp than the target area , eventually your good hair around the vortex starts to fall out and thin out . Also , Rogaine only works for so long -LRB- 48 months I think - read fine print in package -RRB- . Once you stop , your peach fuzz starts to fall out and you are amazed at how your bald spot has grown . Some of your old natural hair grows back , but not as much as you started with , especially if you were to progress that far anyway . In summary , learn to live with the thinning as Rogaine is not a solution . See a doctor - they will tell you the same thing . Some day there will be a cure that does not have an affect you your blood pressure or heart . Remember all the news articles in the early 90 's about the risk of Monoxidil ? That sure is not printed in the Rogaine package . I rank this product up there with miracle weight loss pills . They pry on a man 's desire to have better hair , but delivers results far below a users intentions .
 This stuff is a mess . causes dandruff , stinks , gets all over the linens.and you have to do this on a daily basis til you die.I travel and to be honest too lazy to keep up the regimen.Take my advice -LRB- from one who has tried them all -RRB- - Find a good plastic surgeon that does hair transplants - micrografts . down time is maybe 2 wks . Have 2-3 procedures and you are done FOR THE REST OF YOUR LIFE.Mine was painless.downside
 Sept 2nd 2011 I purchased a 3 month supply - Am 33 years old with a small topical crown thinning hair - I hate it but I figure I will try Rogaine to make me feel comfortable . I mean it seems like the right thing to do - its price is ok ! Its been around for a long time and they advertise the hell out of it . Well March 27th 2012 Almost 7 monhs later I wish I never spent the money on it or used it . I dont and didnt see any results and I USED IT FAITHFULLY buying another 3 month supply and on additional bottle missing maybe 2 times -LRB- it says it is ok to miss a few days -RRB- . I did see numerous of hairs start falling out when I started which rogain says will happen but I never saw any results , no peach fuzz etc. . Over the past 7 months I thought I would see something - hoping every day it started to grow back . I mean my hair is full and alot of people think am crazy but I know my hair is not the same it was 4-5 years ago - It has gotten thinner and I thought Rogaine would be perfect for me but unfortunate its not . I rate Rogaine a '' F '' FAIL and I wouldnt suggest it to anyone . There is no proven fact it re-grows hair just paid people on TV in the commercials . I believe this easy to believe product should be taken off the shelfs . Maybe some of you seen small results but did you ever think that your own hair that fell out can grow back ? We loose numerous of hairs a day maybe the thinning people a little more and a slower stage in regrowth but believe that Rogaine does not help re-growth of hair . My opinion the product is not worth a dollar or a try . Best thing to do is a transplant if you have the money .
 After reading reviews here and elsewhere , I decided to try the item unsniffed . What a mistake ! Needless to say , I was disappointed . The package had been opened -LRB- no cellophane , not factory sealed -RRB- and the box was torn & mis-handled . Clearly the item had been previously used . Regardless , the scent smells ... well , like an old person . Maybe I should be thankful that the box was opened & the item used.It was a strong , chemical , headache mess on me that reminded me of what so many peeps do n't like about Elizabeth Taylor frags . Dare I say it ... old , lady perfume . There . My DH said the same thing ... in fact , it was the first thing out of his mouth , unprompted even . Old lady perfume.I have n't figured what I 'm missing ... it is my chemistry ? did I get a bad bottle ? The notes should work for me , and I tried it several times in winter.Why does n't work for me ? I 'm stumped . It 's unwearable . -- UPDATEI 've since acquired a bottle from a friend who is into perfumes , and the reason the first bottle did n't work - it was fake or had went bad . Casmir is WONDERFUL , albeit not long lasting . Now I know what everyone is talking about . I am leaving my original review so that people are aware . My bottle - the one that was bad - came directly from Amazon . To Amazon 's credit , they issued a refund .
 I was so happy when I got the parcel , but when I opened it and sniffed This , I thought it was some kind of joke . I could not believe it 's the smell of perfume ! what woman would use it ????? even my grandma said that stinky perfume , and that the water from her toilet smells better!I have wasted my money ...
 I received a box of Casmir from Amazon . It smelled terrible , just terrible . It most certainly WAS NOT an oriental vanilla . I subsequently ordered a sample vial of Casmir from a very reputable perfume dealer online . Guess what ? That one WAS an oriental vanilla , and it smelled nothing like the Casmir that I received from Amazon.I 've read numerous product reviews on Amazon with claims that the perfumes were fake . I always dismissed these , assuming that people did not know what they were talking about . However , I can assure you that these claims , which are numerous , are true
 I ordered Casmir by Chopard from Amazon . It smelled terrible , nothing like the scent I know it to be , which is an oriental vanilla . This smells like I 'm wearing an ashtray.The Casmir that I received from Amazon was supposed to be new , however I do n't believe mine was . It was not covered in plastic wrap , and it looked like some of the perfume was used , besides the point of it smelling horrible.I had read negative reviews on Amazon about this perfume being fake or bad . I noticed on Amazon 's website that it is advertised as a new arrival , so I thought that perhaps Amazon has taken care of this matter . Well , let me just say it is not the real Casmir by Chopard . The real Casmir smells wonderful . My advice if you would like to purchase this perfume , is to get it elsewhere . I have ordered other perfumes from Amazon , and this is the first time I 've experience this issue . So hopefully this will not become a continual problem .
 I had recently run out of my long time favorite Casmir and ordered it at Amazon . The perfume had turned . It has a strong acrid smell not even remotely associated with Casmir . Then , I found out that Amazon does not honor returns on liquids . Never thought I would have this problem , but I do . And I will accept responsibility . Must have been stored somewhere where the heat got to it . Beware before ordering .
 I have been wearing Casmir by Chopard for over 15 years . I found it difficult to obtain in stores so I ordered it online.It certainly cost less than is used to . The drawback is that it just does not smell the same as it used to , to me . There is a slim chance that this is me , but I also think that maybe the ingredients and or the process in making it has been changed . I am considering returning it . I am curious to hear what others think about it .
 I have been using Casmir for years but the last two bottles I purchased have had a different scent than I am used to . They almost seem like the perfume is old . Casmir was always a long lasting scent and the longer you wore it , the better it smelled . This perfume is not long lasting and it does n't have as much vanilla in it as before . I am not sure what is going on with this perfume but I am very disappointed since this was always my favorite scent and I wore it all the time . I will not purchase this perfume again .
 I got charged for the perfume but never received it . It just never arrived ! I tried getting in touch with the retailer but nothing was accomplished .
 You were all right when many of you said this perfume stinks and that it may be turned . It gave me an immediate headache , is very strong , smells horrible , turned dark yellow or orange and I can tell it is bad . How anyone can think this is a good quality perfume is beyond me . Some of you here said they loved it so I took a chance . And I ca n't return it b/c its flammable ? OMG what a waste of money !
 i 've always loved this perfume and was disappointed when they stopped selling it in dept stores . when i found it online i was so happy , but it does n't smell the same as i remember . i was so excited when i received it but i only used it a couple of times . its almost like its old . it smells like cigarette ashes . it may be so old that the fragrance is gone and all is left is alcohol . or maybe it 's a knockoff .
 I was looking for Unscented Shampoo and Conditioner because of asthma and COPD But this stuff is quite the opposite and very strongly scented . Smells nice but strong . I understand its unscented garlic but the discription lead me to believe the products were totally unscented.Nutrine Garlic Conditioner Unscented 16 oz.Nutrine Garlic Shampoo Unscented 16 oz .
 The seller was from Italy which I did n't know . If I had known I never would have bought ip this item . There is barely enough cream in the bottle for 5 applications on my face for $ 45 that 's a ridiculous price to pay . It made the skin break out in rash . The product is horrible .
 I wanted to get my stepmother something specail for mothers day , I saw a great foot massager pictured . it was really this curling iron . the company wounld n't help me . they said she can refuse it when she gets it and then order a massager.she is in california and i 'm in florida , there was nothing i could do . THEY RUINED MY MOTHERS DAY !!!!!!!!!
 I have bought this lipstick all last year until it was discontinued . After finding it on Amazon I was excited . The truth is this is not even a close color match although it is labeled exactly the same as my old one . The true color is a light pink rose color -LRB- rosewater -RRB- and what I received is a coral . The texture is , however , the same . Was so disappointed in the color .
 I have bought this lipstick all last year until it was discontinued . After finding it on Amazon I was excited . The truth is this is not even a close color match although it is labeled exactly the same as my old one . The true color is a light pink rose color -LRB- rosewater -RRB- and what I received is a coral . The texture is , however , the same . Was so disappointed in the color .
 I have bought this lipstick all last year until it was discontinued . After finding it on Amazon I was excited . The truth is this is not even a close color match although it is labeled exactly the same as my old one . The true color is a light pink rose color -LRB- rosewater -RRB- and what I received is a coral . The texture is , however , the same . Was so disappointed in the color .
 I love the sensation I get from the mint shampoo I use and was hoping I 'd found a body wash to provide the same.Unfortunately , in Archipelago 's formula , the mint is completely overpowered by other fragrances -LRB- orange , florals -RRB- . Now , obviously a lot of people like resulting fragrance . I do n't . I guess my biggest beef , though , is that it 's marketed as ` mint ' and - for me - the mint 's pretty much undetectable.Won ' t repurchase .
 Awww ... I SO wanted this to be a worthy successor to another brand who changed their formula , but it 's not doing it for me . I do n't think the aroma is particularly bracing , it 's a mere hint of mint -LRB- better , in my opinion than a flowery or fruity aroma -RRB- but no `` zing '' . Also it does not lather well -LRB- and no ... we do not have hard water -RRB- . I 'll keep looking for something that replaces my much beloved Kiss My Face Early to Rise -LRB- which no longer smells like much either -RRB- .
 I have been going tanning for a while now , its getting a little pricey so I was looking for an alternative . I bought this system and I had a professional spray tanner , put it on me . It sprayed on green . So I stood in the shower an hour thinking it might turn , brown . NO IT DID N'T . do n't , waste , your money seriously this product sucks
 What a terrible mess !! Non-stop dripping and spit spraying all over the place -LRB- PAPER TOWELS ARE A MUST -RRB- . . I 've used several spray tans and this by far is the worst mess for very little results . Plus , one bottle barely completes a single layer of coverage for a 5 ' 6 '' and 133 pound body . HA I 'm thinking the people that gave the 5Star reviews were paid ! Banana Boat Sunless Tanning Spray , Citrus Mist is a much better product by far and you can easily buy it from Walmart for around 6.50 online ... Just sayin !! Good luck : -RRB-
 This is an easy to do self tanner . Best for beginners to get the hang of it without the problems you might get with more powerful systems . It has little to no smell . It leaves your skin feeling good . It 's biggest drawback is that it 's just very weak . 2 days later very little left to notice . Expensive when you consider i used the whole canister for that .
 The color is good , but that 's it . It really does not last more than 2 days.The main reason for the poor review is the actual spray nozzle and `` spray gun '' . The ` gun ' is just a holder , it does not actually have its own nozzle . The product - even after shaking for literally minutes - does not come out even . It will either come out in large droplets or in a very fine mist with almost no color . Therefore , it 's all but impossible to get an even coat.If the nozzle actually put out a fine mist all of the time , it would be worth the low price . But I used the entire can in one application that lasted maybe 2 days because it was impossible to get an even coating . Try something else .
 I bought this product , because I am too afraid to go into the tanning bed . I have been spray tanned professionally once before and I had liked it , but I figured there must be a product that I can use at home to get the same effect . WELL , this is not the product to do that ! Last night , I opened the packaged , shook the can of spray tan and placed it in the spray container to apply . I got my boyfriend to do it while I stood in the shower . He sprayed my backside and all I hear him say is `` Oh my God '' . I turn my head over my shoulder and my mother freakin ' back is GREEN ! Not bronze but GREEN !! I figured hey maybe it just looks greenish and it will turn tan after a few minutes . It was splotchy going on my skin and I patted it down and waited a while , but nope . It stayed green . I looked like the hulk . I did n't wait too long after washing and scrubbing it off so I 'm not green anymore . Maybe it was just a defective spray can I do n't know , but even if it was bronze and not hulk green I still would n't buy it , because it did n't spray on smoothly .
 At first when I used this product I LOVED it . It does give a great color and is super easy to use . HOWEVER , when I ran out of the first cartridge and purchased another one -LRB- from sally 's -RRB- , the results were totally different . Suddenly the spray was drippy streaky and cheeto orange . I have absolutlely no idea how the same product with the exact same packaging can be so different . Each cartridge I purchased after that was never even as close to the firsts quality . I ended up just buying the air flow air glow gun and using ocean brand sunless tanner with it . This is a far better product with consistant results .
 i bought the airbrush gun and two cartridges from `` deals2thedoor '' and a refill cartridge from `` sally 's beauty supply '' . The plastic container from `` deals2thedoor '' that held the gun and two cartridges arrived slightly open , exposing the two cartridges and the when I went to use the cartridges from ` deals2thedoor '' the tanner came out bright GREEN , dying my skin a bright green , kinda like a frog . so i checked the refill from `` sally 's '' hoping it was supposed to be green ... NOPE the refill from `` sally 's '' was a great bronze/brown color , which gave my skin the color i wanted ... after that is , i had to jump in the shower and roughly scrub off the BRIGHT GREEN color . Needless to say do n't buy products from `` deals2thedoor '' , who know what color they will give you , stick with `` sally 's beauty supply '' they now what their doing , they get 5 stars !
 i have been using bodydrench spray mist but it was out of stock from my regular dealer so i went with this stuff . the main problem is that it shoots a jet stream for a sec b4 going to mist . so everytime you pull the trigger it will shoot a stream and then go to mist -LRB- even when you wipe the tip between sprays -RRB- . very messy and ineffective .
 I purchased this for my daughter to use and it is NOT worth $ 1.99 let alone $ 19.99 . Not only was the color uneven as it came out but the gun dripped horribly if you did n't keep it completely upright . If you get too close to the skin it comes out really dark and if you are n't close enough it comes out with splotchy spray marks . HORRIBLE !!!! We finally just sprayed the product on make-up wedges and sponged it on . Even then it was too dark in spots and too light in other . The self-tanning products that are lotions are a much better buy and cheaper to boot !
 I was not impressed with this system . While the color it gives when developed is decent ... its nearly impossible to get a good , even application . My trouble was , it didnt seem to give a nice even mist . Whenever I would first pull the trigger , it would squirt a stream of product that would then be concentrated in one area of my skin and be dripping down . I 'd have to run and get a towel and wipe it all off my skin and start over . I then tried pointing it away from my body when first pulling the trigger but then it would squirt the stuff all over my white walls or on my carpet and Id have to clean that up too . I tried everything I could think of to get it to stop doing that . I would squeeze the trigger as gently as possible but it would still do it every single time . It never failed . It was painstaking getting a nice even tan . And another thing was how expensive it ended up being ! Im a pretty petite person at 5ft and 110 lbs and I could still only do maybe 2 to 3 applications before it was time to buy a new cartridge . It honestly ended up being cheaper for me to just buy spray tan sessions at my local tanning salon . So my salon bronze will either be thrown away , or will be put away in a box somewhere and likely never used again .
 completely disappointed the tanning cartridge was either replaced or incorrect to begin with , before i received it . i turned lime green . . because it sprays lime green.despite the picture , you do not get 2 tanning cartridges only 1 . the facial applicators are triangle make-up sponges . the gun is generic plastic and you dont even need it honestly.I would strongly suggest buying sally hansens spray tans .
 I was sent a defected product and was told that I would receive a refund in October and I have yet to receive one . The package that was sent to me was cut open and taped up and the product sprayed bright green . Thankfully , I did not apply it to my skin . I am extremely disappointed in the product and the customer service .
 got this quickly packeging was fine got it out and sprayed it into my sink to see how it would come out and it is lime green ! this is clearly not correct
 This product was not worth the money i spent on it . i put lotion on my feet before hand as instructed yet now my feet are orange and my toenails are yellow ! I gave my skin 24hrs to dry and in the shower it still washed most of the product off . I have orange sploches all over and am still mostly pale . when the spray came out of the gun it didnt spray evenly and we ended up having to just dab the product on . also customer service was very unhelpful and rude . i suggest you go somewhere else for a tanning product unless you want to look like a spotted oompa loompa
 Green spray is n't tan spray and that 's all I have to say . Very dissapointing product that had good reviews here .
 Bought this because my friend swore it was great . I had my boyfriend apply it in the shower it applied terribly the nozzle is terrible and it came out watery and kept running everytime we sprayed . To get my entire body what I thought was evenly it took an entire cartridge . I waited 24 hrs and saw I was spotty . If it sprayed correctly I would like it . I had to also rub most of it in lightly with a paper towel bc i was covered in dripping brown liquid.Be careful when spraying ur feet I did n't put much on them and they still came out blotchy orange . You are literally paying for a plastic gun that pushes on the nozzle of the bottle to get it to come out and the tanner . This is not something u can spray by yourself . Make sure you do it in the tub bc it is messy but washes off without a problem . Also it has that typical self tanner smell which I do n't mind but some people do . It will stain your nails so be careful with them . The spots that were even looked pretty nice but that 's the difficult part about this stuff is getting even coverage .
 one bottle was dented and the second bottle was opened and spilled inside wrapping . I tried contacting someone about this but have yet to get anything back .
 THE PRODUCT IS WONDERFUL ! BUT ... OF THE 3 THAT I BOUGHT AS GIFTS - ONLY ONE OF THE PUMPS WORKED . VERY EMBARRASSING FOR ME . AND IT COMES IN A METAL CONTAINER , YOU CA N'T SQUEEZE IT OUT INTO ANOTHER CONTAINER AND THAT WOULD BE A PRETTY TACKY THING TO HAVE TO DO ANYWAY ...
 I can only say that this is not as I was hoping to be . I have been using Tempore around 10 years ago and now I just wanted to refresh my memories and have it again . This one is a bit more I guess stuffed with alcohol rather than quality and it quickly vanishes , also the aroma is not quite the same . Between 1 and 10 , I would go with 4 maybe .
 If you have bags under your eyes and expect this product to do anything for you , think again . Get more sleep or go to the doc for plastic surgery instead .
 Maybe i 'm not consistent applying 2 times a day , but so far for 2 weeks I do n't see any difference may I need to finish the whole bottle
 I have been using this product for three weeks no results at all . The container is very small . I think I wasted my money . I do not recommend this product .
 This is a terrible product . Immediately after applying it my eyes began to itch and burn . I tried it 5 times over a 4 day period , thinking maybe my eyes had to get worse before they got better , but could not stand it any longer . I may contact the manufacturer .
 First this perfume -LRB- the one I received from Amazon.com -RRB- does not even look like the one in the picture on amazon.com.Second , it does not smell like the original.Third , it was not shrink wrapped like most expensive perfumes . It came open.These three reasons lead me to believe that Amazon.com 's middle man or wholesaler sold them the imitation brad . This is not like Amazon . So make sure you ask questions before you purchase it .
 This bath pillow is worthless . Do not waste your money on it . I have had this brand in the past and it worked well . However , I think the manufacturer must have changed the suction cups they use . I ordered this product in May and when I tried it , it would not stick to my bathtub . -LRB- I have a bathtub with smooth sides and I have successfully used bath pillows with suction cups in the past . -RRB- The Amazon vendor I purchased the bath pillow from agreed to replace the product with another one since several suction cups on my first pillow were bent and I thought that might be the problem . The replacement bath pillow does not stick either . I am disappointed that I wasted money on this product . Earth Therapeutics - Terry Bath Pillow , White Pillow
 We ordered these based on good reviews and were surprised to find out that none of the pillows that we ordered would stick to the tub . All methods of attempting to secure them was used to no avail . We are left using them as prop pillows and will not recommend this product to anyone ...
 Worst suction cups ever . I tried to make it stick to my porcelain bath tub -LRB- while wet and dry -RRB- many times to no avail . The suction cups are small and too hard to get any kind of suction against a flat surface . It just absolutely wont stick to anything . .
 This bath `` pillow '' is SO small it dont even cradle My back and I am a small person , its pathetically small , completely not worth the money at all . I have bought other bath pillows off amazon that were better , stay away from this one .
 This bath `` pillow '' is so small its not comfortable at all , it does not cradle My back and I am a small person , I have bought other bath pillows on amazon that were 100 times better , My suggestion go with another company !!
 I LOVED this bath pillow ... for the 2 weeks that it stayed inflated . Then , apparently , it sprang a leak somewhere , because it will not stay inflated . So disappointed .
 It is very low glow . Has to be on alone . Wo n't make polish underneath it glow . Do n't waste your money .
 This polish does not work . What a waste of money ! I put on 4 coats and it still did not work ...
 I use bath salts everyday . I assumed that these large sized containers would last me at least 6 months . I was wrong . These salts are not solid granuals , but a puffed rice version of mineral salts . I usually use 1 - 2 tablespoons of other brands . This brand called for 1 - 2 cups . These large containers held less uses than any other brand I had used .
 Waaaaay too soft . I ca n't believe people like this brush , or that they claim it will exfoliate your skin . If they came out with varying degrees of firmness I would give this brand another try .
 The brush has a nice handle that makes it easy to use . The bristles are very soft , almost too soft . Ultimately fell apart .
 The spray nozzle on this product seems to be its main problem . So much comes out at such high pressure that it splatters and does n't apply evenly . If this were n't the case , perhaps it could be a good product . But I have purchased several spray tans over the past five years and this is one of the worst I 've tried .
 I 'm not sure how well it really functions since it never stays on . I understand if it 's too big because I have extra small hands . However , it has a very strange , extra wide fit that would not be snug on any normal hand . Everything about it is too wide . It 's not even long -LRB- wrist to fingertip -RRB- , just wide . I still use it , but it probably does n't do much for me .
 Title says it all . Very thick , hard to dispense , smell way too fruity and strange , everyone hated it and so finally just threw it in the garbage , what a colossal waste of almost six bucks for soap .
 Soap leaves you feeling clean but scent is very weak . I 'm still looking for a great smelling soap . Just brought Creed Irish Tweed and is looking forward to using it !
 The 2 bottles of the perfume I ordered , came wrong , it is not what is shown above . I think it was a mistakeand I am trying to get it back but have not received the postal label.I am sure you will see that I get the right product .
 I was excited to try this product after reading some dry shampoo reviews . However , after just one use , the can will no longer produce any product and seemingly is empty . I followed some suggestions from Amazon to use short , quick bursts of the dry shampoo but it did not seem to help . I hesitate to try this product again .
 I first purchased a small bottle of this and only got 2 uses out of it . I liked the product so I figured I would try the bigger bottle . I went to use it a couple of days after my first initial use and it was empty ! It is definitely NOT worth the money for such such a small amount of product .
 I purchased this product based on some positive reviews here & other sites . I used it ONE TIME and I did n't over spray - I used a small amount . The next week , I tried to use it and it & nothing would come out . I cleaned the sprayer etc. but nothing would come out . It felt empty - it was just gone.I did see another review that mentioned this but I thought it was a fluke . I informed the seller and his reply was basically `` too bad for you '' and nothing else . Maybe the container I received was n't full in the first place . Who knows?Don ' t buy this product . One use for $ 20 is not worth it .
 My wife works in a building connected to a hair restoration clinic that sold this stuff . She was able to get me this product for free which was a blessing . Was using Nioxin and while I was somewhat satisfied with the results I did not notice any regrowth . Besides , I could n't get that free and the cost was getting outrageous . Started using Tricomin triple pack and hair slowly at first began steadily falling out at an increased rate . Figured it may just be the change in product . Used it for a full three months and this outcome did n't change . It may work for someone but it did not work at all for me . When you are talking 75 dollars it better work . A little advice for people with thinning hair , I have noticed that there are a lot of websites saying they are comparing products and find one that is the best . Beware of a lot of these for they are just pushing their product through a make believe website . Also , take what others including me say about a product with a grain of salt . Some things may work for you and some may not . It depends on your situation . I am still looking for `` the cure '' that does not involve surgery or taking out a second mortgage . If I do find it I will let you know .
 Like it but made the mistake of not really knowing how small this really is when I opened this Spark box it was like a needle in a hay stack .
 When I put this makeup on it covered nothing , and made my pores look larger . The pressed power foundation is much better
 I was very excited , there were so many positive reviews , and I applied it for the first time today but OMG it made my poors look huge , and brought out some wrinkles I did not know I had . Another thing I was hoping for was no breaking me out , but it did , in fact in like three hours I had a good size pimple formed up by my mouth , very sad ... I guess I will keep looking .
 I was so looking forward to this perfume . But instead of the expected fresh and bright scent of lemons , it had an unpleasant and musky/powdery smell of a cheap old ladies perfume . And it stays for hours ! It gave me an instant headache . If you wish to smell like an old bag of an 85-year old lady - this is for you . Such disappointment !
 I was very excited , there were so many positive reviews , and I applied it for the first time today but OMG it made my poors look huge , and brought out some wrinkles I did not know I had . Another thing I was hoping for was no breaking me out , but it did , in fact in like three hours I had a good size pimple formed up by my mouth , very sad ... I guess I will keep looking .
 When I put this makeup on it covered nothing , and made my pores look larger . The pressed power foundation is much better
 I was very excited , there were so many positive reviews , and I applied it for the first time today but OMG it made my poors look huge , and brought out some wrinkles I did not know I had . Another thing I was hoping for was no breaking me out , but it did , in fact in like three hours I had a good size pimple formed up by my mouth , very sad ... I guess I will keep looking .
 When I put this makeup on it covered nothing , and made my pores look larger . The pressed power foundation is much better
 The curling iron worked fine until the fourth use , when it flew apart in my hand . The spring shot across the room , the hot screw hit me in the face next to my eye , and the small metal plate hit my clothing and fell to the floor . I examined the parts and determined that the screw was too short to hold the parts together with any security with as much tension as was put on it by opening the iron . I would never use that iron again until a longer screw is put in place of the tiny short one .
 HT1138 Micro Mini curling irons stopped working after the first use and I returned them . I am searching for another brand in this size .
 The first one received had a defective sticky handle , so I returned it at my own expense for a replacement . The second one was also the same , so I returned it for a refund ; they supplied a free shipping label this time . In the interim , I ordered and got one that was good from a different company . I could tell right away that this one had newer packaging , so perhaps the 2 I got through Amazon/Bple were old ones that had deteriorated over time .
 I bought this curling iron for my mother , who is a petite senior , quite spry , and more agile than most 30-year-olds . Because of design issues , I returned this unit . * It 's excessively long ; both the handle and the iron are elongated . You might as well curl your hair with a twirling baton . Because of the unwieldy length , my mother ** BURNED ** her neck and scalp while trying to curl the hair at the back of her head . * The hair-clamp thumb-release is much too high from the handle for smaller hands to span . Both of us had great difficulty reaching our thumb up and over the top of the release and retaining enough muscle pressure to work the clamp . * The strange bumps at each end of the handle prevent easy manipulation of the long iron.While this curling iron may have been designed for professional stylists -LRB- especially those with large hands -RRB- who stand above their clients , it is extremely awkward for a petite woman to use . Based on these design features , I would not recommend this curling iron .
 i 've used a banana boat product , in the past , that was for the face , but is apparentaly no longer available . was for a light tint glow , looked natural . this bronzer was like mud , color looked dirty , was heavy not attractive . i ordeded two , through them away , was n't worth the trouble of sending back .
 This product is completely fake . I have several other Gold N Hot products as well as a 100 % ceramic iron and this product did not have the quality of either . Due to their return policy I was unable to return and because its a fake i cant even resell it . So I lost my money and will never purchase here again . Hope this helps someone .
 I was very excited , there were so many positive reviews , and I applied it for the first time today but OMG it made my poors look huge , and brought out some wrinkles I did not know I had . Another thing I was hoping for was no breaking me out , but it did , in fact in like three hours I had a good size pimple formed up by my mouth , very sad ... I guess I will keep looking .
 When I put this makeup on it covered nothing , and made my pores look larger . The pressed power foundation is much better
 For the cost of this loofa sponge i could have purchased 3 normal size ones from walmart . it was way too small for the price . i guess i should have researched it more ! . . lol . Anyway 1 star ... way too expensive for its tiny size . OVER PRICED .
 Sorry guys , this product is too hard for tender skin . We would like to see your buyers procure productsmade here in the USA , not China . Very disappointed in your choice and quality in these Loofahs . Will try elsewhere .
 I was very excited when I bought this dryer . I loved the look of it . Now I will tell you that this dryer does get very hot . Unfortunately it seems to only get hot in the top/front . The hood design of this dryer does not allow for air to circulate around the whole hood . While most hood dryers have holes throughout the hood , this one does not . I have to dry the top/front of my hair , then lean my head out so the back dries . This was a waste of money , but like I said , it looks nice . Dont waste your time or money on this dryer !
 I used it on my 18 month old and it made no significant reduction on the frequency of her itching . I need something else .
 I thought this would be like a salve . It is so firm , it ca n't be rubbed out of the jar . It is like wax , and when scrubbing it firmly with your finger , you get a slight film of it on your fingertip , so not easy to apply . I honestly am so annoyed with how hard it is to apply , I have n't used it more than once , so ca n't tell you if it works .
 Unfortunately this lipstick I believe it was very old . It does not smell fresh . I regret buying it . I wonder for how long the seller had it : -LRB-
 I used these Tricomin products and I really do n't see that they did anything for me at all . The shampoo is ok , but so are many other shampoos that cost less . It did n't help with hair loss and did n't slow down hair loss in any way so as far as I am concerned , it did n't work .
 I ordered one several weeks ago . The inner box is dirty and teared . Obviously , It is not a new one.I hate this item .
 I bought this specifically because it had he body lotion . I can get the perfume anywhere . The body lotion was like water and a yellow color . It is suppose to be thick and white . This must have been very old .
 I ordered two Toni home perms . They were not packaged well enough to protect the bottles inside the boxes . One of the bottles was cracked and the solution had leaked .
 People usually cringe when they watch me brush my hair -- long quick strokes to get tangles out and put things in place . `` Does n't that hurt ? '' they 'd wince , but I was n't bothered at all . From this I assumed I was far from `` tender-headed '' and up to anything short of a scrub brush . But this brush has proved me wrong -- It Really hurts my scalp , even when I try to be careful and slow . It looks pretty and it 's a perfect size , but beware !
 I bought this item to work on my moderate acne , and to help clear up dark spots on my face . I was unable to give the soap time to see if the spots would clear because is was so very drying . It actually made my existing acne worse , and dried out my face considerably.It may work for you if you are prepared to get a lot worse before getting better . The owner called and offered to send me some Shea Butter for my troubles -LRB- which I thought was very nice , and excellent customer service -RRB- but it never arrived .
 This soap has no noticable scent , which is a good thing to me . However it seems to crumble and fall apart easy with very little pressure -- just the minor pressure one uses to hold onto the bar itself . It does clean ones skin well . It is rather expensive for what one gets . I doubt I will be buying this again .
 It is a tester !!! Be aware !!! Poor quality.The bottle looks old and I did not want to get a tester for my friend as birthday gift . They will not let me return it even with original packaging in 48 hours . Look close to their return policy . They are not professional . The tester did not have a lid . And it clearly stated on the outside of the bottle that it is not for sale . It did not smell good as well . Sticky ... not like a authentic product.I would advice you not to buy this product and any product from BeautyEncounter according to my experience .
 Unfortunately , both the bottle and its contents are obvious counterfeits . It 's a shame I did n't read everyone else 's review before ordering , because they say the same thing . The real shampoo is great stuff , but this is garbage . Amazon refunded my money , but is apparently continuing to let the seller move counterfeit goods . I contacted American Crew , and they 're looking in to the situation .
 I returned this for a full refund because it appeared to be the wrong product inside and appeared to be in a used bottle .
 The shampoo does not look the same nor smell the same as the last purchase of it that I made . The prior product was clear this is yellow . Either they changed the product or this is not it .
 Works like any cheap shampoo should , but smells terrible . If you do n't mind your hair smelling like Old Spice or Right Guard , have a blast.Some reviewers say this stuff is not the real Crew Daily Shampoo . I would not doubt it , but I have prior experience with the legit product .
 The bottle looks genuine except for the cap , but shampoo inside looks and smells completely unlike the real American Crew product . And it was n't any good .
 I do n't know what shampoo is in this bottle but it 's NOT American Crew ! Save your money . The bottle is American Crew but the shampoo is some cheap stuff from the dollar store .
 The shampoo was in a recycled bottle with an attached home-made bar code , which is not recognizable by a bar-code reader .
 The shampoo in the bottle is NOT American Crew . After closer inspection , the caps on the bottles I ordered are not the same packaging that American Crew uses . BEWARE !!!
 I have the same problem with another customer : a recycled bottle with an attached home-made bar code . Although it was sold by another seller.It smells disgusting . After washing the bottle , the bar code fall out . After washing my head , my hair fall out . I am scaring and throw it away . Good thing is I get the refund from Amazon .
 Like others said , the CAP is wrong , not the type American Crew uses , the BOTTLE is old/used , and most importantly stuff inside is not real American Crew shampoo . I use American Crew all the time , and I know how it smells and feels . THIS IS FAKE .
 The shampoo that I received is not really American Crew . It smells completely different from what it should smell like and clearly is not the real deal . I 'd return it , but the shipping would probably cost more than I spent to buy it . Do n't buy from this seller .
 Purfumey , watery JUNK ! This is NOTHING like the American Crew Daily Shampoo I 've purchased elsewhere ! Complete WASTE OF MONEY ! Shame on Amazon for allowing this Vendor
 This was a gift for my wife . She was dissapointed with the product . She has been using for years , always purchasing from our local Macy 's store . She advised me that the quality was sub par when compared toher existing bottle . I 'm sure I will never make this mistake again when it come to a perfume purchase .
 I 'm 24 years old , and this stuff smells like you walked into a retirement home and sniffed an old white guy in a wheel chair . Only reason I gave it 2 stars is because 10.1 ounces for around 20 bucks is a pretty good deal . But then again the scent is like a mixture of incredibly old man - toilet water . Overall , it sucks .
 ALL I HAVE TO SAY IS DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON TABAC COLOGNE.ITS SMELLS BAD AND VERY OUTDATED.G
 My first use was in later 60 's when I was stationed in Germany . I purchased the same name and product in 1966 . To this day I still have the same bottle with just a few drops left . I do n't know if mine has aged , but it smells different than this new one I just received . It does not have the deep smell of the original one I bought and I thought I was getting the same product . I do n't think I would purchase this product again as the original one was definitely a winner . &#34; If it ai n't broke , do n't fix it &#34; . You lost a winner .
 The description and pictures for this item clearly and explicitly indicate that it is the eau de cologne that is for sale . I was sent the eau de toilette instead which is an entirely different product with a distinct composition and smell . If you are looking for the actual product advertised , I strongly suggest you look elsewhere .
 I just received this gift set and DID NOT receive what was promised or shown in the description . Instead of receiving 5 aromatherapy candles I received four scented candles that say nothing about aromatherapy on them . There is nothing in the box I received as large as the items shown in the picture . There was NO decorative basket or large ribbons as shown . The candles , while smelling great , are about 2 inches long . Tiny , Tiny soaps . 3 of them . If I would not have purchased this with a gift card I would be furious right now . I do n't recommend anyone viewing this page buy this product ! It is overpriced for what you get !!!!!!!!!!!!
 I 've been a long time Amazon lover - but I 'm LIVID at this transaction . This is advertised as `` Perfume for Women '' , but ... THIS IS NOT A PERFUME ! THIS IS NOT A PERFUME ! THIS IS NOT A PERFUME ! THIS IS NOT A PERFUME!This is an eau de toilette . False advertising . Do not get this product if you want a perfume ! I feel VERY ripped off .
 Do n't be fooled , this is NOT the perfume and you ca n't return it . The Eau De Parfume is available and my wife loves it .
 The sample I recieved was empty . So I didnt get to try it out . Wasnt very happy about it
 Do n't buy it . I saw some bad reviews , all products have them . But I figured babybliss is a well known brand , and I 'd most likely hae no problems . I used it ONCE , and the glue that holds the heat-repellent wrap on began to melt ! it smelled horrible , and started coming undone . Seriously , just dont buy it it 's not worth the pain in the butt of returning it .
 I decided to buy this item after reading the great reviews . I am not sure if mine is just a `` dud '' but it broke after 4 uses . I used it on the lowest temperature but it seemed to get extremely hot to the point that it started melting the plastic -LRB- or whatever material that is -RRB- that holds the plates in place . It can not be used at all now . Waste of money .
 I purchased this after the Sedu I had for almost two years finally died on me . I figured it was cheap enough that if it did n't work out , I would n't feel too bad about buying a different one . I used it once and it straightened my long , curly hair very quickly and my hair stayed straight all day ; I was very very happy with the results . A couple days later I tried to use it again and it simply wo n't turn on . I 'm completely dumbfounded , as it just sat on my desk for a couple days , there was absolutely no discernible reason for it to break . I 'm returning it and buying a new one , since I was pleased with the way it worked , and am hoping that the one I got was just defective . Will review again once I 've had the new one for a while .
 I was so excited to get this flat iron ... i read all the reviews and waited days before finally buying this one ... and it was working just perfect for at least two months ... then my hair started to get fried ... my hair had so much dryness , breakage , it was so badly damaged i wanted to hide ... i had to get professional help to get back on track.I am so disappointed ... please do n't buy this one ... mine is in the trash ... sorry folks ... but if you 're telling people that this iron does n't fry your hair ... than maybe you should look closely at your ends ... very very disappointed
 Ater reading all the reviews , I was excited to finaly buy a flat iron that worked for a reasonable price . CAUTION !!!!! After I used it a couple of times it was great but the third time I used it on my niece 's hair , when I was finishing it burned a small piece of hair off and the plates melted . The flat iron was smoking !!!! I had also purchased the babyliss 2000 at the same time and noticed the blow dryer attachement piece had melted also !!! The company said they will send me a refund that the flat iron had malfunctioned by overheating and they believe it was an isolated incident . The blow dryer is still being investigated as to why it melted the attachment piece . I strongly encourage anyone who has an experience like mine to make sure they put it in writing as I did because when I initially called they simply said `` oh , do u want a replacement '' like it was normal for a flat iron to smoke and the plates to melt . Not to mention a small piece of my nieces hair burned off ! Thank goodness I caught it in time . I do n't want anyone to experince the same thing or even a worse situation !! SO PLEASE CAUTION !!!!
 When I first got this flat iron I was super excited , it did a great job of straightening my hair . I do n't think I had problems with it right away , but within 4 months I started noticing my hair was getting extremely dry and fried at the ends . I did n't connect it with this flat iron right away , in fact it took me over a year to finally be convinced it was the straightener , because my daughter used it as well and it did n't burn her hair -LRB- but we have different textures of hair -RRB- . I do n't straighten my hair often , maybe once a week at the most and I always use salon recommended products . My stylist and I were puzzled for atleast a year , she looked at this flat iron and said she thought it was a good brand , so I kept using it -LRB- and kept having to get my hair chopped every 2 months !!! -RRB- After checking almost every possible cause for my fried hair I finally decided to purchase a new straightener and when I went back to my stylist she told me of 2 other clients of hers who were having the same issues with their hair and guess what ... they had a Babyliss Flat Iron as well !!! Now , I have a new straightener and I can finally do what I 've been wanting to do for 2 years , grow out my hair . I definately would NOT recommend this straightener !!!!!
 Definitely , not worth the money . I just bought a punch of Demeter Scents and matching soaps . I 'll be returning all of the foaming soap products , they all smell foul . I tried Waffle cone , Scottish Shortbread and Vanilla Cake batter foaming shower soap . The problem is a singular underlying chemical soap scent which is unifying characteristic of all of the foaming soaps . It ruins whatever fragrance was intended to go over it and 10 minutes after showering , all I can smell is that bad chemical smell . I 'm going to stick with their fragrance colognes .
 I not only have an original bottle , I still have the miniature bottle that came with it that is half full . What I purchased is a total FAKE . The writing on the new bottle is not the same as the old one -LRB- the real one -RRB- and they do n't even compare in fragrance . This is not even close to the original , so do n't waste your money . Amazon should be ashamed for selling counterfeit goods .
 I just received my shipment of ZINO Davidoff with great anticipation of my favorite Fragrance , what a let down when I opened it and used it for the first time . Nothing like the original that I was accustomed to . It was n't even close ! Would not recommend this if you have had the original . I really do n't think that they are making the original , just got my hopes up .
 I do n't know whether it 's genuine or counterfeit , so I ca n't add anything regarding the controversy among the other commenters . However , I can tell you that whatever this stuff is , it does n't smell good or masculine at all . It actually smells very effeminate , in fact . What you 're probably looking for is something more along the lines of Tuscany Per Uomo by Aramis -LRB- though this is sadly also out of production -RRB- -- something with notes of woods and leather . You do n't want this terrible stuff ; trust me .
 Bought this Cologne blindly it honestly smells like an old man . Way to strong . Pungent and spicy would not recommend for young men
 This is a gift for my dad , first off the shipping was supposed to be prime I ordered it on the 9th and it says it will be here on the 16th . So far I am not happy with this purchase at all his birthday is on the 15th and I will be giving him his gift late
 I purchased this item at a discounted price and should have known better - it was a knock off - not the real thing . Now I get to return it and reorder the real thing . - You get what you pay for .
 Davidoff no longer makes Zino cologne . CVS Pharmacy was sued for selling counterfeit Cool Water because it 's still being manufactured . This is skunk water compared to the original stuff .
 I should have read the reviews on Amazon . I usually do . I was so sorry I spent all this money on this product after reading reviews all over the Web . I have absolutely no faith in it especially because of the high pressure tactics they use after you buy it . I received call after call on my cell from the sales person to try to get me to purchase more of the product . This is always a bad sign about a product . A good product sells itself . When I used Revivogen some years ago , my impression was that I got some regrowth . Then there 's alway Minoxil .
 Could n't agree more with other reviewer . GREAT product ! Buy it . But not from this seller . This is twice as high as the retail price . Not sure why this seller has it priced so high but look for anywhere from $ 15 to $ 20 per box . Also this picture is misleading . They are only selling one box of 12 vials . That 's about one week if you 're lucky . Buy this product . Just not from here .
 This is an excellent product . I have used it for ten years now and luckily have a very full thick mane of hair still ! But this price is ridiculously high for ONE BOX . The picture is totally misleading . what they are actually selling is one box , even though they are showing you three boxes ! there are plenty of other places where you can buy one box of Kevis for $ 25 . Ebay for one . Or even just by calling and ordering direct from Kevis themselves . Again , great product though .
 This would be a great brush , but it was too rounded and created very uneven tension . Only can be used on straight hair .
 it is garbage , I bought an original thought , the smell lasts for 30 minutes . do not buy this garbage . Sell &#8203; &#8203; Now do not need a fake . bvlgari smell good , but you 're selling musor.eto wrong . do not cheat customers , and to write that it is not real . originala smell remains the whole day . and that a few minutes
 I bought this hairdryer because I read some of the positive reviews on Amazon . Unfortunately , I must have gotten a bad `` one '' because it was useless after one use . The 1st night I used it the actual base of the hairdryer got so hot that it nearly burned my hand . The 2nd night it blew the adapter out of the wall and blew the fuses in my hotel room . My sister bought a $ 13 hairdryer from Target before our trip to Ireland and we actually used that the entire trip without a problem once this one blew up . Buy a cheap Conair with a good converter and adapter in lieu of purching this one ...
 I bought Revlons Power Eyeliner in `` Fishnet Jet '' -LRB- black -RRB- . The instructions say to shake it with the cap on , open , then tap the excess powder off . Which I did . I then applied a quick like to my lid . Nice . Dark . Sexy . Then I did my lower lid , and as Im doing it , I see my cheek . COVERED IN POWERED EYELINER . Oh well . I always do my eyes first before the rest of my make-up so I can fix up spills or whatever . So I do my other eye and again , powder all over my cheek . And my hand . All the waaaay down my hand ! I go to the bathroom to try to get it off my cheeks . This stuff is n't budging and it 's just smearing all over my face . I then tried to take it off my eyes . I went from thick bedroom eyes with black powder all over my face , to holy-moly trash looking . I break out the eye make-up remover and scrub . The remover gets in my eyes -LRB- because I have to scrub SO hard -RRB- and the `` powder '' now `` liquid '' liner is making me look more like a dead person , than anything that belongs in the bedroom!Good Gosh . DO NOT BUY THIS STUFF!I plan on practicing a few more times with it , but good grief , I can use black eye shadow for a much cleaner look without all of the scrubbing my eyeballs out .
 I got this to go with the Just Bitten plum wicked lip stain . The colors look nice together , but this powder eyeliner is difficult to apply . When it touches your lashes it flakes all over your face . It did last overnight though . I would n't buy it again .
 this was way too messy for me , more of the powder residue landed on my cheek than on my eyelid , you would do better with a q-tip than the applicator in the bottle . . the first revlon product i did n't like
 When I saw this , I thought it would be a convent way to fix my make-up throughout the day . Now I wish I could take it back , I only used this product once , but regretted it . It smeared constantly , after laughing , it looked like I was crying black , and was difficult to take off . It would not shade in the way I wanted it to , I would have been better off just using eyeliner .
 I am constantly looking for powder liners that give a smokey effect . So , when I heard that revlon came out with this in a `` limited edition '' form I purchased every color they made ! Now I have all the colors that I can not use . All the product does is go all over your face . Mind you the powder is quite indelible . When you try to wipe it off it just smears all over . If you do decide to try this do n't try it out when you are in a hurry because you will have a BIG MESS !
 Warning ... do not order this product from this seller -LRB- Housewares -RRB- . The item sent to you will not be the item that is pictured . You will be sent a roller set with 8 jumbo and 4 super jumbo rollers -LRB- the same product you can buy for 24.95 from the Amazon site and get free shipping -RRB- so you will end up paying about $ 5.00 more for the rollers plus shipping costs if you order from this seller ... and then you will have to pay shipping again if you want to fool with returning the product sent to you even though it was the seller 's error .
 The hottest these got were warm , which did n't work well at all on my thick hair . My previous set was a Remington , which got much hotter .
 This product was not worth the money . I still have half a bottle of the shampoo left . As far as color fade goes , my stylist asked me why my gold looked so brassy this time around . I tried a sample of the Intense Repair masque . I will try that with the matching shampoo next time .
 I used this product at an athletic tournament on a mildly sunny day in August . Contrary to its label it did sweat off , it did run in my eyes and I did get sunburned . I reapplied multiple times but apparently that was not enough . Poor product .
 I ordered this brush because I had purchased one at an actual Body Shop store several years ago and liked it a lot . The nice thing about the brush was that it was one piece so the head did n't come off after a week of use like the cheaper ones and the cactus brush only took a few days to break in and lasted and did its job for a long time . I was very disappointed with this order , however . The photo shows the one that I purchased previously , which is a longer brush that is suitable as a back brush . In the photo the head is about 1/5 the total length . What you get when you order is the same size brush head as in the photo but the head is about 1/3 the total length , which is really too short to be a back brush . The return process was difficult enough that I just kept the 2 brushes that I ordered and am not really using them . The people at the Body Shop were not willing to pay the return shipping until I told them that showing the wrong photo was equivalent to fraud . The woman on the phone told me to place my box on the front porch and she would assign a UPS pickup . I thought it was odd that she told me to not put any markings on the box , not even a `` To : '' address , but I figured that UPS would have a posted paid sticker with an address to put on it . I also figured that the customer service person knew what she was talking about . Of course , UPS said that they needed a sticker with an address . After my first experience with customer service , I did not call back . Do yourself a favor - do not order this product online .
 picture is very decieving , handle is way to short to reach all of your body . returned but had to call three times before my account was credited properly
 Product bristles are nice , thick , and seem to be well constructed . However , the 2-star review is due to the misleading photo . As mentioned in previous posts , the handle is not as long as shown in the photo -LRB- stretched photo -RRB- . The handle is only 3 time as long as the head - too short for comfortable use . Even though the handle was noted as being too short by other reviews , I decided to pull the trigger in hopes that the seller corrected the problem with the product . As of November 2012 , no change.Seller needs to correct the photo !!!
 The bottle is hard and not designed to be squeezed , so when you tip it up and snap off the lid , the lotion is so thin it runs out like water and there is no way to keep the lid cleaned off or the stuff from getting all over . Would n't be bad if the lotion smelled like Issey Miyake ... my particular bottle had an ` insect repellent ' smell ... but luckily , at first and only try , it did n't last long at all . I sent this back because the lotion was not what I had smelled in local stores . The seller did refund my initial cost but did NOT refund either shipping charge . I wo n't buy from this seller again . Either they are selling inferior products or something unmagical happened on the way to my mailbox !!
 Do n't waste your money . Although this smells like the legitimate le male , the fragrance does not less long at all , maybe 30 minutes . Le Male is known for its very long longevity and the bottle that I got is a joke compared to the real one . I was even more disappointed when I found out that I could not return it . You 're a million times better off just spending a bit more and purchasing it from a department store .
 The real Jean Paul Gaultier fragrance is awesome , but be careful from who you 're buying from.Don ' t purchase this fragrance from Perfume Emporium , you might not get the real thing and it will be just a wast of money .
 So it seemed just great to be able to save 5-10 bucks on a bottle of le male . Well it 's too good to be true . It 's completely fake . I 'm sure . For some reason I ignored the other people reviewing this that said it was fake . I wish I had just bought it somewhere else and got real cologne . Do n't make the same mistake I did . Le male is the most faked cologne in the world ! Of course amazon is going to scam you ! -LRB- other details -RRB- I bought the 2.5 oz bottle from amazon.Drawbacks of fake cologne are huge . Little to no projection , smell lasts an hour or two max , after about 15 minutes the smell is n't the same as le male . And many more .
 Disappointed that Amazon would allow a vendor to sell fake product . Beware of buying this product . Its fake and Amazon will not allow you to return it based on the following : For safety reasons , items that are classified as hazardous materials or use flammable liquids or gases can not be returned to Amazon.com . Customers should dispose of hazardous materials according to Local , State and Federal regulations . Customers should contact their local government or local waste company for directions on how to dispose of Household Hazardous Waste .
 The spray valve arrived off the bottle and is damaged . This will probably prevent me from using what product is left . I would recommend one buy this product from a brick and morar store ... not online .
 It 's simply not the real one . It does n't last more than a few minutes . Even though the bottle has all the right details that show the product is genuine , the content is n't . I have used the real one in the past and it would stay FOREVER , even in the clothes!Amazon 's service , shipping and all the rest is excellent , as always . But unfortunately this time I 'm writing to complain : -LRB-
 Not saying this is n't for someone ... just not for me ... I will not buy cologne online again unless I am familiar with product ... live and learn
 This is the second time I bought Le Male . It 's absolutely amazing ... if you get the original one . The first time I got it , I was very satisfied . The scent lasted for the entire day . It 's amazing and it 's the only one I wear for winter time . However , I got a completely diluted version for my second purchase . It was diluted with lots of alcohol . I know this because it smelled like alcohol just after spraying . The true scent comes out after a while . It 's good but I would have to use more for the scent to last all day .
 For the product itself it has a great fragrants . But it was delivered to me damaged . The can smelled of the fragrants and liguid was seeping out so I knew inside was broken . I did not open it because of returning it . Amazon conciders this a hazardous product and will not let me return it . Now how am I suppose to get a refund of of 48.00 . There is no phone number to call or email . . Anyone have any suggestions.Thank you
 I seriously doubt if this is authentic . you loose the scent within minutes of spraying . stay as far away as you can from this product on Amazon . The cologne itself is fantastic if it is authentic , maybe from Macy 's or other retail stores .
 Bought this product thinking it was like the same as I had in the past . Not true , this product seems to be not as strong as my past purchases . Smells and applies the same but does n't last at all like a mall store bought product . Almost like it is a watered down version . Not happy at all with this purchase .
 i saw my track package came to my city and it steel in ups 5 days and it did n't come in my address but today it return back to the stor.Can you tell me Why ? and Can you resend the same track package in the same address
 Dear Srs , We never received the second item and I see in the status that it was delivered both , please check and contact me , thanks you.We only received one.Thanks , Mi email
 It stated when I purchase this item it was PACK OF 36 . Why did it only get one bottle . I will never order from this vendor again ...
 FOR THE MONEY YOU CAN GET 2 TIMES THE AMOUNT IN 1 BOTTLE AT ANY STORE THAN THIS PUNY 4OZ . BOTTLE.IT LOOKED LIKE THE SAME SIZE AS THE ONE 'S IN STORE ... BUT UNLIKE ME , READ THE FINE PRINT .
 I purchased a pack of non-acetone nail polish remover pads . I am appalled at the complete lack of quality , unsubstantiated claims , and overall failure to deliver on a basic need.First , I opened one of the packages to find a bone-dry felt pad . There was not a drop of liquid product on the pad . No , the package had not been cut or left open , so the pad had not dried out after being opened . It was packaged dry . There is a percentage of the purchase price , immediately flushed down the drain before I even had a chance to use it.Then , I tried to take polish off of 10 nails with one pad - like the package promises . Rather , one pad barely cleans 4 nails . Four nails . You promise that I can cover 10 . After removing the polish , your red felt pads dyed my nail beds bright pink . I can not remove the pink color without actual acetone - and I purchased your product so that I could * avoid * acetone.So , I purchased your product and received
 I bought this cologne based on all the good reviews , but I have to say I 'm not that impressed with it . It 's not bad , but I have found that the fragrance does n't seem to last long . Several hours into the night I ca n't even smell it on me . I even tried putting more of it on me , thinking that I just did n't use enough but it still did n't last long.I wish I could find something that smells more like Jovan 's Andron . Not that I believe pheromones work , Andron just smelled great .
 I must say , when I received this cologne I was baffled ! All these reviews sold me . I can not for the life of me figure out why it 's rated so high . - It smells like aftershave , not anything fancy , just a brand you buy for 3 dollars off the shelf at Walmart . - This cologne is a cab drivers scent , just put on a hat and spray this on , GOOD TO GO . - This cologne is suited for old men -LRB- 60 + -RRB- , that work on a boat and catch crab . - My brother likened it to
 This parfume is not really what I expected . I bought it in AAA Merchants because I saw the good comments about it ; but when I used the aroma is gone in ten minutes . I wasted my money .
 Drakkar 's worked for me for decades , but I really wanted the control of the splash bottle . Amazon delivered the spray .
 Giving the number of high ratings for this product I decided to take my chances . Unfortunately the product I received must not be genuine . The scent smells similar to Drakkar -LRB- which I have been wearing over a decade -RRB- but only lasts about 15 minutes - literally.When the package arrived I scrutinized the packaging . I wanted to try to determine if it was counterfeit before I even sprayed it . The packaging was excellent , no distinguishable defects or red flags . Hopeful , I decided to use the cologne.On my third day now , each day just as disappointing as the last . I even shook the bottle to make sure that no settling could have occurred -LRB- not that it should have , but I was out of options at this point -RRB- . I used three sprays each time , which is typically plenty to last for about 8 hours.Will not be buying cologne from Amazon any more - too much money to be throwing away on a gamble!For reference I purchased the 6.7 oz bottle.Update
 If you buy the real thing , the longevity is not a problem.It lasts over 6 hours.Amazon does not verify the legitimacy of the stores it imports from , so if you buy on here , there is a big chance you will buy fakes . Try Ebay or Fragrancenet instead.As for the scent itself , it is a classic , but not for everybody . It 's woodsy with lemon and a little bit of lavendar . It is very strong , and overpowering if you spray it . It seems dated as most colognes now are more for a fresh light fragrance than a strong masculine one .
 I have ordered this in the past without any problems or issue but on this last order the sprayer started fail and now wont list put instead sprays out a heavy stream .
 Cologne leaks by the cap ; disappointing . Although the scent is great it really does n't help when the container is flawed .
 I am disappointed and surprised . I used my entire bottle and have gotten no compliments . I based the effectiveness of my cologne on this and I gotten compliments on Rochas Man by Rocha which is considered a more sweet smell and not as masculine as this . Very disappointing but I am willing to try this again in the future since it may have been bad luck .
 The authentic Drakkar Noir scent is awesome . I have worn it for years . As one of the reviewers reports , it is like catnip fo the ladies . I recently purchased a bottle of the Drakkar Noir from Amazon.com . Unfortunately , I recieved a cheap knockoff not even close to the authentic Drakkar Noir scent . Then I discovered that Amamzon.com return policy does not allow a return for flamable goods . I have asked for a refund but we will see . Probably a totally wasted $ 50 because I aint gon na wear that trash .
 This cologne is great , I 've wore it for years , however this merchant is selling a counterfeit product . Typically i can put this on and the smell last all day and i can even pick up my shirt the next day from my floor and still smell it . BUT , this merchants COUNTERFEIT product does n't last 30mins . Thanks for ripping me off of my hard earned money buddy !!!
 The authentic Drakkar Noir scent is awesome . I have worn it for years . As one of the reviewers reports , it is like catnip fo the ladies . I recently purchased a bottle of the Drakkar Noir from Amazon.com . Unfortunately , I recieved a cheap knockoff not even close to the authentic Drakkar Noir scent . Then I discovered that Amamzon.com return policy does not allow a return for flamable goods . I have asked for a refund but we will see . Probably a totally wasted $ 50 because I aint gon na wear that trash .
 I `` ve been using Drakkar for a while but for some reasonthis one doesn `` t last like the other ones in the past.Not too happy with it .
 I wanted to try something different , so , i searched for a perfume with highest customer rating and that 's how i bought 6.7 oz bottle . My biggest problem is this perfume does n't linger for more than an hour ! I just found out that Amazon do n't accept returns for inflammable items !! I do n't how the dept. store bottle performs , but , this one do n't at all .
 Drakkar 's worked for me for decades , but I really wanted the control of the splash bottle -LRB- my last 6.7 oz splash bottle , used almost daily , lasted fourteen years -RRB- . Unfortunately , even though the title -LRB- when purchased -RRB- said `` Drakkar Noir Eau de Toilette Splash '' , Amazon delivered the spray .
 Not a good product for Maybelline . I used to buy the cool blues color which I love but the container they use is wood and you have to use a pencil sharpener almost all the time and at times the product would fall out of the wood pencil and break into pieces . I do n't even think they make this any more as I can only find it on Amazon . I would not buy this again .
 I just discovered the Molton Brown Black Pepper collection , this stuff is made from peppercorn oils . The reason I was looking was to solve a mystery . This past week at work I 've heard several of the guys complaining in disgust about how bad one of our co-workers smells . And sure enough he came over to talk to me and I wanted to vomit . He smelled like 185 pounds of black pepper , I could only imagine he had eaten a PepperCorn encrusted steak the night before and it was all coming out of his pores . It 's so totally overwhelming that I avoided him like the plague the rest of the day . I work in an aircraft factory with lots of fans to blow air around on people , but within 6 feet of this guy it 's all about peppercorns . Then I went down to see my wife where she is putting on a summer camp for Civil Air Patrol Cadets ... she had my pickup and I needed it . But when I got in ... `` Oh God NO '' ... there was that same smell . I do n't know who she let ride in there but it better not happen again ! Then I knew there must be a product out there causing this overwhelming stink . Leave it to the Brits ... Molton Brown 's Black Pepper collection , eu de Toilete , and Body Wash. . Now that I know who the enemy is ... I can educate the other guys at work to drop enough polite -LRB- or otherwise -RRB- hints and get this guy to stop using these products . Believe me ... it is n't pleasant , it is n't masculine , it 's awful . I may get a squirt gun and fill it with Old Spice just to expedite his education !
 With a name like BLACK PEPPER you 'd think it was warm with peppery spices . It is n't . And I just have to say this
 This product is pretty awful , it really does smell like salad dressing and I had to shampoo 3 times before I could get rid of the greasy feeling it gave my hair . I had to put product in my hair to disguise the smell for three days .
 If You are a guy , spend a bit more and get Jean Paul Gaultier face scrub - do n't waste your money on that brand.I am looking for a bit cheaper face scrub solution and tried this one 15 minutes ago ... not happy . I also tried Shiseido white ... a bit better than this crap , but faaaar from great . This stuff is cheaply made . It 's too watery and effect is very poor . You will have to use it 2 times at least to get more or less satisfying result . This product I 'll use for body wash in summer days . It smells terrible enough , but leaves no scent on skin -LRB- that 's why 2 stars not 1 -RRB- :-RRB- .
 Left my face bleeding and sore . Chemicals in this product cause rash and soreness . Beware !
 I was looking for a cheaper replacement for my rather pricy Sephora cuticle oil pen and found this one online . The overwhelming `` citrusy '' scent is unreal . If you are remotely sensitive to various fragrances/perfumes , then I would suggest you forget this pen and get the Sephora one -LRB- has little or no added fragrance -RRB- . I really do n't get why product manufacturers have to add perfume/fragrance to so many beauty supplies that really do n't require such additives ... mabye to cover the unpleasant scent of the natural ingredients ? In any case , I can not use this product since the fragrance is way too much for me .
 Do n't take me wrong i love the smell of Pino Silvestre but i think either i received the fake one or company has changed its formula -LRB- I bought it from Amazon -RRB- . When i use mine , The smell disappear within 30 minutes ??!!! I 'm not kidding . To me smell very very very mild , Like it has been mixed with a lots of water . I 'm a fan of this cologne but i 'm sorry to say , something is wrong here and my review is based on what i received and not what it might have been.I 'm going to buy one more from another vender to see how the smell like and i 'll update my rating and review accordingly .
 I was very dissapointed upon recieving my straightner . It was not a CHI !!!!!! It said silky on the side , and did not come with a cute case as the other reviews said . It works decently and the temperature adjustment is a plus but if you are looking for a CHI , steer clear !
 Pros : It 's waterproofCons :1 . Brush is way too big2 . Smelled different ... not sure if it 's because it was old or if it always smells that way3 . Clumped4 . Seemed a bit too dryI bought this mascara based on all the positive reviews . Unfortunately , I did n't like it . I 'll give it another shot or two but if I still do n't like it after 3 tries , it 's going in the trash . I 'm really picky about what products I buy & this is a perfect example of something that just does n't live up to the great reviews .
 I was excited to see the very full mascara brush . It works great however , the mascara itself was dry . So I do n't know if I just got an old bottle or if its always like that . Would definatly buy again if the mascara was new and normal consistancy .
 There is just one wick inside . The picture is fake.The picture shows a cartoon of wick . But you just received one wick .
 For the price I received only one package . Then , to find I could have purchased several for the same price locally . This does not stimulate me to order this type of item from you again .
 The picture shows a carton of wicks in individual cards . However , you only receive one wick . Stay away ! Also , the discription reads `` Zippo Wicks -LRB- more than one wick -RRB- , Individual Card '' .
 I was very disappointed with this product.Not made well is very cheap and flimsy.Feels like it will bend in half when you use it.Product imageBelson Gold-N-Hot Ceramics 2 Inch Spring Iron W/30 Settings
 very disappointed in this product ! Especially since the Mavala brand has a good reputation based on what I read before buying this product from Amazon.I use khol liners all the time on my inner lids . They are supposed to be somewhat soft , and easy to use for lining , both on your inner eyelid and around your eyes . I was looking for a green in addition to the black that I normally use . Most khol -LRB- kajal -RRB- products are black , so I was happy to find this green khol liner on amazon . But when I got it , it was very hard , and hard to use even as a regular pencil liner . I have to press hard to even draw a line on the back of my hand . Too bad - the green color is pretty . I am going to end up tossing it . I will not bother wasting money on the Mavala brand again .
 The package has a place with the shape of the dc adapter , the device has the plug hole for it , but there came non in the box . The quality of the product is substandard . Do not buy it .
 It looks cool and I ordered one . It turns out a bad choice . The product is totally ineffective . Do not buy this unless you want to end up returning it like me .
 I tried with two sets of new batteries , the goggle unit flashed but no massaging action whatsoever happened . Besides that , the design looks cheap and it feels very tight and uncomfortable to wear . Avoid this item .
 It went bad after 2 use . I did not feel anything except for unfortable with it on ! Massage ?? I doubt ! At least I did not see the result !
 this thing is so big , curves inwards so the eye area is not really covered by the sensors . I used it once , I will try again , just to make sure , but I would rather return it .
 very disappointed in this product ! Especially since the Mavala brand has a good reputation based on what I read before buying this product from Amazon.I use khol liners all the time on my inner lids . They are supposed to be somewhat soft , and easy to use for lining , both on your inner eyelid and around your eyes . I was looking for a green in addition to the black that I normally use . Most khol -LRB- kajal -RRB- products are black , so I was happy to find this green khol liner on amazon . But when I got it , it was very hard , and hard to use even as a regular pencil liner . I have to press hard to even draw a line on the back of my hand . Too bad - the green color is pretty . I am going to end up tossing it . I will not bother wasting money on the Mavala brand again .
 The item details say 5.3 ounces but it is actually 3.4 ounces . I have not used it yet but will probably send it back because I meant to get the hydrating mask .
 I wore these two times and the crotch busted . I bought the correct size and they were not too tight . In fact , they were a bit loose . I washed them using Woolite hand washing detergent.I had a pair of these before and found they were like pantyhose , only with a higher pricetag.Save your money . The quality is n't there . You 'd be better off going to your local retail merchant like Target and buying a more substanial product.The only good thing is that the product does make you look better in pants or whatever you 're wearing.I just think they could be made more durable .
 Product was priced to high for the quality of item ... not as I thought according to discription
 I received an e-mail stating that my item was shipped but that was weeks ago and still no merchandise ! I will rate this merchant as poor until I receive what I have paid good money for .
 This is a scam product , the absorbency is no better than a thick turkish hand towel one can find for half the price at TJMaxx or Marshall . It is made in china - that says it all .
 I bought this product in hopes it would help my hair loss in some way , at least slow it down . I have never tried any other product because of the expense . When I saw this , I jumped on it hoping it would do something . The bottle says that it is best if used daily and for 3 to 4 months . I am going on month four and am going through my second bottle ... I shaved my head tonight , first time ever . I used this product religiously every day as directed.Let me say that it does n't have an unpleasant smell but nothing great either . When I put it in my hair I leave it alone and after it dries I run my hand through my hair . After doing this you ca n't tell anything was put in , there is no greasy look or other problems . I do n't feel that the product has changed my hair color , texture , etc. I am not using any other product and am not taking the tablets they recommend . Maybe this would have helped ... but I do n't want to start putting more `` stuff '' in my body.I DO feel that after I started using the product that it accelerated my hair loss . It then seemed to go about back to normal and a friend asked me if my hair was getting thicker . This gave me a lot of confidence but I think it was just because the product made me lose more hair at first then it grew back.I have lost more hair and have a completely bald spot now towards the front of my head since using this product . I do n't think the product caused the bald spot , but it did n't help it either.I am really embarrassed by my hair . I miss my hair and envy those that have it . I shaved it tonight out of frustration and figuring that I should just speed up the inevitable . I really wish this product would have worked.It is hard reviewing a product like this , because since everyone is different , MAYBE it will work for you . I gave it two stars because at least it is pretty cheap and you can try it out for yourself .
 Let me start by saying I had high hopes for this product . Needless to say those hopes were dashed to pieces . After using this product for a couple of weeks , I have to say that I have more scalp showing then previously before . I will never use this product again . Based on the other reviews it seems to work more for women than men . If you like gambling with your hairloss then roll the dice .
 Only using it every other night , it would irritate my scalp and when washing it out in the shower , made my whole body irritated.Would not recommend .
 DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY . THIS PRODUCT DID NOTHING TO STOP HAIR LOSSOR REGROW HAIR , I USED THIS PRODUCT FOR 3 MONTHS .
 until now , nothing is happening in my hair , I being using this product for 3 month and nothing , so I do n't know how long is going to show results .
 Bought this one based on reviews of others.Pros
 I had a little spot of some hair loss that I thought I could remedy with this . The spot had not grown at all , but I wanted to try to get rid of it . This product caused damage to my hair lining . I applied it every night and showered in the mornings . I do n't know why I 've kept using it . I am stopping tonight . I wish I had a way to reverse THIS . I am a male .
 I 'm putting this review up more as a warning than a review . I am a 28 year old white male with short , thin hair as it is . I had a bald spot on the front of my scalp that started developing dramatically over the 3 weeks I used this . The odd thing about it is ... the pills work !! DHT Blocker and Regrowth both work . This is from a separate multi-month trial with just the pills and without the serum . The pills by themselves will truly do some good for your hair by thickening the roots and follicles , giving your hair color a rich dark sheen and promoting NEW hair growth . I can testify to that . Perhaps the most telling thing about this serum 's success can be reflected upon the current price . Notice it is only $ 7.00 versus the original retail price
 I bought tow packages and used it for few month . I event took pictures of my scalp and I did n't notice any progress at all . Waste my money
 Disappointing . I read reviews and thought this was a good product . Upon application , the texture of my hair went from straight to naturally wavy/kinky . It was very greasy and wet . Ive used Dr. miracle and never had this result . For me , its not worth the cost if I cant use it daily without re-blow drying and pressing my hair - kinda defeats the purpose .
 I did n't use it long enough to see results . I only used it 4-5 days . It made my scalp feel good when I applied it and it made my hair shiny . However it , did not stop the shedding problem I had with my hair .
 Used this for about 6 weeks , every other day only because I noticed that it made my hair and scalp feel good , but day 2 my hair felt flatter and more greasy .
 This seller is misrepresenting this product-it is NOT a `` travel-sized '' item , they are sample packs . These are foil packs and are useless for travel as they ca n't be resealed .
 I purchased this product because I am losing my hair due to PCOS . The pills were easy to take and did n't taste to bad but I did not notice any new hair growth while taking them , I took them for 2 months . I do n't think they had any nutritional value , I would not recommend .
 I am taking nuhair for 3 months , was very excited when i bought it , but unfortunally did n't work for me . I am losing a lot of hair still , and did n't see any change after i started taking nuhair regrowth . I am also using thinning hair serum by nuhair and i am very upset with the results too , nothing changed after 3 months : -LRB-
 be careful ... look at the ingredients . this product gives me terrible migraine after just one intake . its does n't suite me . black cohosh extract is for estrogen inducing and is not good with women who had endomityrosis .
 Used since 6/18/12 Thinning Hair Serum and Hair Regrowth pills . Not satisfied see no difference . First bought it at a drug store who no longer carry it . Then went on Nuhair 's webb site and because I have used Amazon before I ordered it through them . Do n't know if it 's because I am 74 years old or it just does n't work . A waste of money . Disappointed .
 I do n't know if these pills helpor not.I 'm 57 , I 'm not bald justthinning mostly in the frontalareas of my head.I do n't standin front of a mirror and counthairs.I think I 'm just maintainingwhat I have .
 No complaints about the shipping or handling . Items arrived on time . Howver after using it for about 3 months -LRB- the DHT blocker and the Hair regrowth formula -RRB- I would say that I did not see any improvement .
 let me tell you a true about this pill . . these pills prevent from loosing hair but has side effect after one month i felt so voracious that was so bad and out of control I gained weight about 20 pond after three month ... i had to stop it after one month again my hairs start loosing i start taking nuhair again after 10 days i felt so hungry and very nerves i ate a lot but i did not feel full and my body was shivering and i start fighting with every body ... i do n't recommend this pill to anybody because has very side effect on nerves system and digestive system . do not wast your money ... . if you do n't believe me just try it one month ... good luck
 Does not work . I try it and and I got ibecause I am losing hair alot and try this product did not help at all
 I tried it for a few months , it seemed as if it made my individual hairs thicker yes , but it seemed like it made them brittle as they started to fall out and break easier .
 DO NOT BUY THIS CHEAP FAIL PRODUCT , STEER AWAY , SMELL REALLY BAD AND DISGUSTING . I FEEL BAD BUYING THIS AS A GIFT
 Seller charged my credit card 2 months ago and still has not shipped the items I ordered . They do not respond to e-mails or phone calls . I had to file a credit card dispute to obtain my money back . I have reported them to the Better Business Bureau .
 I did n't like the way my skin felt after cleansing with this product - it felt like there was a residue on it . I also did not notice any positive changes in my skin 's condition or texture following use . I much prefer Start Up Cleanser by Kiss My Face .
 I 'm disappointed it had leaked when it arrived & was only half full ... or perhaps it had been used or something.Yikes !
 Honestly , you can tell it 's a nice-smelling perfume because of the occasional hints of fragrance that come out of the bottle , but they 're so rare that you 're really left with what some other reviewers described as car oil smell , which I guess is like the basis oil the perfume uses . I do n't know , I threw it out . Not buying any more Auric Blends .
 I do n't normally give products one star , but this scent is awful . I ordered black coconut , and it smells like some horrible mix of rubber and chemicals . Maybe with a hint of coconut.So if you want to smell like a car tire that may or may not have run over a coconut , this is perfect !
 Review about `` Auric Blends Egyptian Goddess '' by Day Dream . . When I smell this once I got this product , I like smell , it 's light and stay about 4hours on my body but on 4th day when I open this bottle and I do n't get any scent smell , I thought I got cold but I asked my family members `` did you guys smell this ?? '' any scent smell is there ? my family members laugh on me so badly , and we realized no more scent smell and it 's `` just oil now '' in mostly above half of the bottle still remains ... do n't purchase this product by Day Dream.Yes I got Black opium from vendor name `` Xtremek '' , that perfume oil still nice smell but stay only 4 to 5hrs . . but do not buy this `` Auric Blends Egyptian Goddess '' from Day dream this is the my bad experience of this product ... . I tried similar products in India called `` Attar from Ratlam Aerochem is company name '' its nice one but bad luck that I do n't get online so , I try this product ... do n't waste money on this `` Auric Blends Egyptian Goddess '' . Smell gone after 4days , think if you plan to gift someone this product after 4days ???? ugghghhhhh ??? Smell gone after 4days just oil now ... Smell gone after 4days just oil now ... Smell gone after 4days just oil now ... - Thanks
 I was very disappointed in this . It actually stinks . I do n't smell Jasmine at all , unless Jasmine is a sweaty hippie . Gross .
 Nothing tropical about this scent . The vendor accepted this back and stated that the Auric Blends scents have receieved significant negative feedback . Do not waste your money on this product .
 I was expecting more of an essential oil , but it actually smells more like a perfume and not as earthy as I wanted . I would n't buy it again . I 'll find a 100 % essential oil instead .
 I had read So many positive reviews on the Egyptian Goddess '' scent , and it sounded so enticing!While it arrived very quickly , . . as soon as I opened the bottle . . I smelled what seemed like a pine sol scent or some kind of cleanser , I had also read in some reviews that the bottle just might need to be exposed to the air a little to really bring out the true scent , I gave it 2 days on my skin , which you can not get off for about 2 days any way , even after scrubbing in the shower , . . seemed to just keep getting stronger and started to give me a headache.So as I really tried and wanted to love Egyptian Goddess , . . it was just not for me . `` as I sit here still with the scent on my wrist `` unable to get it off '' took another sniff , and ugh . .
 I was 100 % disappointed by the aroma of Egyptian Goddess . I put it on and immediately wished I had n't . It stayed on for 3 good days , and I showered each day . I have tried to give it away , but nobody wants it . Next week it will be making it 's way to the great-grandmother , maybe she will like it . To sum it up very quickly
 This oil blend smelled absolutely wonderful at first , but two or three weeks after receiving and opening it went flat . Now it just smells like oil and the fragrance is barely perceptible . What a shame ... I 'm not sure if it was the vender , or if this is standard for this blend . Many other reviewers have the same experience.Additionally , the fragrance Night Queen that I ordered at the same time from a different vendor -LRB- I think -RRB- is wonderful . I 'm not sure why Amazon wo n't let me place a separate review for it - so I am attaching it here : Night Queen is a wonderful oil blend . I would describe it as musky , with delicious citrus and clean floral notes . I 've had it for at least 6 months and it still retains its fragrance , unlike the Egyptian Goddess that I purchased at the same time .
 the reviews made me try this perfume ... yeah rright , do ` nt get fool with these reviews !!! stinky smell and wont even last for a sec !!! but the shipment so fast !!!
 The first time I used this fragrance it made me nauseous . It had an old lady smell to it . I did n't smell any sandalwood at all . Very disappointed . I threw it away !
 Smells cheap like Irish Spring . One star for the convenient size and to carry around in purse , Can not believe someone was on a Tova website talking about this stuff ... Her father must own the company .
 I was actually sent the wrong perfume . The company sent me a Patchouli scent , which I normally love , but what I got was terrible . I put a little bit on my hands and wound up having to wash my hands several times just to get the smell off.It was too strong and really did n't smell good at all . If they made Patchouli smell bad , I do n't even want to think what they could do with the Egyptian Musk .
 So I just received my blck coconut roll-on , and was so excited to try it because I LOVE all things coconut , and I 'm disappointed to say the least . Its almost sickeningly sweet , and I really do n't sense that much coconut . It almost smells syrupy . I put it on though because oils can smell different on the body then it does in the jar . 4 hours later and its still pretty sweet ... not as bad as it was when I first put it on , but definitely smelling even less like coconut . I thought I would be getting a true tropical warm scent from the description ... -LRB- pure coconut with a bit of spice -RRB- but , alas , I go right back to the bubble_gum scents of junior high when I smell this . Does anyone have any recommendations for a TRUE coconut scent ? -LRB- Nutty , creamy , musky , and warm smelling -RRB- I 'm willing to try anything ! But id rather stick with the all natural oils for their longevity .
 I SO wanted to like this fragrance - but it smells like aftershave ! Made me a bit sick to my stomach as well ... another reviewer was right - a VERY little goes a long way . I faired a bit better with the Opium scent - but I wo n't be wearing it . I ordered one more
 I do n't like a lot of fruity scents but this one is really nice . I like this one alot ! I meant to put 5 stars but I am just learning how to do reviews ! This is a 5 Star Scent !
 I chose to get the Egyptian Goddess since it seemed to have good reviews but I must have an extremely different idea of what good smells like . I opened it and without smelling it first just rolled a little bit on my arm , I smelled like an old lady all day -LRB- no offense intended -RRB- . Right after I put it on this really sexy guy I work with walks in and says it smells weird in here what is that !? I showed him the scent and the disgust on his face said it all lol . Then of course I figured it 'll fade soon enough but no I could smell it for hours so I said screw this I need to wash my wrists . Even then I could kind of smell it and I do n't have smelling like a dog it was just that bad . When I got home that night I had my grandma and mom see of they liked it and the look on their face was priceless haha , I need to send this crap back . Otherwise its one of those gifts you give out for xmas to someone you do n't exactly like .
 ` forbidden desire ' reeked of old lady smell it was horrible ! but Im interested in trying ` egyptian goddess ' does it smell bad too ??
 This oil has no scent at all ... what a waste of money !!!! it seriously smells just like vegetable oil ... i do n't know what they gave me but this oil does n't smell good or like anything at ail
 This product was affordable , but does n't smell like sandalwood at all . I was very disappointed , but I suppose you get what you pay for .
 I purchased the Jasmine scent because I wanted to try something new -LRB- my signature smell is `` Aphrodesia '' by Song of India -RRB- , but I 'm totally underwhelmed by the smell . Well actually , its a pretty overwhelming smell , but it does n't register as Jasmine to me . My dad -LRB- who is in his 60s , and who 's senses are n't as sharp as they used to be -RRB- thinks it smells amazing -LRB- I think it makes me smell like a hotel bathroom -LRB- y' know that generic soap/air freshener smell ? -RRB- -RRB- , but my boyfriend -LRB- who is a big fan of my usual scented oil -RRB- ca n't seem to smell it at all , so I 'm quite dumbfounded . When the package arrived , it was clad in bubble wrap along with a free box of incense cones -LRB- my dad was thrilled -RRB- , but the container somehow leaked during transport , and just reeked . I had to wash my hands several times to get the smell off them . When I put it on , I kept forgetting , and so would periodically wonder what the terrible smell was . I do n't think I 'm gon na get this again , and I feel bad , but I 've considered never purchasing from this brand again . Perhaps I 'm just a Song of India gal through and through ...
 Maybe I got a bad bottle ? This smells like plastic or rubber . I smell a faint musk underneath , but the predominant note is rubber . Too bad - after all the great reviews I was thinking that this would smell wonderful . Maybe it just does n't mix well with my body chemistry , or as I said earlier , maybe I just got a bad batch .
 Take the cap off and sniff , and you 'll get a light whiff of this perfume . Not bad , really . But , roll it on and the scent disappears . I 've used it several times and the result is the same ... nothing . I can only think that it is just too weak to have a scent when spread thinly on the skin . I am aware that an individual 's personal chemistry can affect perfumes , but I expect some scent , even if different once applied . Disappointing , to say the least , and I am afraid I can not recommend this product .
 I bought this thinking it would be as fragrant as other oils that I have used . Not so . I put a small amount of this on right after I got it , which was fast , and you could smell it for a few minutes . Then nothing . I thought maybe I did n't put enough on , so I reapplied . Same thing happened , even though I used more the second time . I emailed the company to see if it was possible to get an out dated or bad batch . They wrote back and told me that their oils are n't like other ones and you need to apply it 4-5 times to get the fragrance to last . Does anyone else see something wrong with that ?! Seems ridiculous to me . Anyway , I 'm not going to send it back so I guess I 'll just use it when I want to smell it for a few minutes . Wish I would have known because I would n't have gotten it or done business with this company .
 This perfume smells wonderful , but I could only give it 2 stars because of how weak the scent is . It is very , very soft and only smellable if you put your nose right to your skin . I 'd give 5 stars if Auric Blends could turn the volume up some notches on this scent .
 This is the third scent I have tried from this company . This one does n't work either -LRB- for me anyway -RRB- . No musk smell at all and it ends up smelling like one of those car fresheners from the 60s - no kidding , just awful . I so wanted to like it - the handy roller bottles are neat !
 This smells like a car air freshener , not a perfumed oil . I would stay away from this one if you are looking for a nice fragrance for you , unless you like to smell like that little pine tree that you see hanging from people 's rear view mirrors .
 This fragrance was not what I was expecting . It smells too musky and just blah . My boyfriend even said I smelled like an old lady . : / Not impressed .
 So they were cheap and I wanted a new perfume so after reading the reviews and the scent details I ordered both Coco Mango and Majik.Majik - Smells icky , powdery in a bad way and like an old lady . It gets in your nose and burns , it takes a while to get rid of the gross stench even initial washing it off does n't help much . I hoped after an hour or two the powdery icky old lady smell would diminish into something I could stand but it did n't it just smelled bad and continued to smell bad . Seriously it stinks bad ! I would not recommend this to anyone , even if I did n't like them . Even at the cheap price it is n't worth it and it definitely smells cheap.Coco Mango - Smells pretty good , kind of tropical and its not too heavy of a scent however it does n't last long either . After an hour or so you ca n't even smell it anymore not even on pulse points . So while it smells good expect to have to reapply it multiple times in a day if you want anyone to be able to smell it . Okay considering the cheap price and what perfume costs , but kind of a pain to have to reapply multiple times in a day , of course it does come in a easy to apply container that would fit well in a purse even a small one.Packaging - Both items came packaged well and neither was broken .
 i was trying to experiment with different brands and love honeysuckle . but when i got this product , it smells like shampoo or soap . i was very disappointed . i asked a few other people and they said the same thing . nothing flowery about this scent at all . do not waste your money
 I am still on the search for a real coconut scent ... this one was too musty ... not my favorite ... I know that it is just a matter of personal preference ... and if you are looking for a real coconut smell ... this is not going to be it . .
 This smells not even remotely close to sandalwood . I have been wearing sandalwood for years and recently have not been able to find it anywhere locally , but I struck out by purchasing this . Well , the search continues ...
 Darn ! I 'm so disappointed because I really had hopes this would smell like the Patchouli of days gone by . Unfortunately , it does n't . The oil is thick and goes on smoothly with the roller ball but I detect no Patchouli fragrance . I even tested it with my husband who absolutely adores Patchouli
 i got this item after reading all the reviews . I wasnt impressed with the scent , reminded me of an old closet smell , i 'm 34yrs old and enjoy a variety of both subtle and pronounced scents but this wasnt fresh smelling at all . I ended up mixing with another oil perfume i had so i wouldnt waste it .
 I thought I 'd try this based on some lovely reviews , but sadly this was n't for me . Gave me a man kinda smell . Not what I was going for . Had to toss . A little strong and headache-inducing as well . Ishall stick with their Egyptian Goddess Blend , which is soft and feminine on me .
 As others have said , this scent goes on very light . The first time I applied , it was very faint and lasted a few minutes . I reapplied a few times before I got a good concentration of fragrance . It smells a little spicy , musky , a little powdery , a little floral , a bit medicinal . I think of older women when I smell this by itself.I did try layering with my everyday perfume , and it added more musk and spiciness , which I thought was lacking . I like the scent but I 'm still on the fence and will need to get a second opinion later . I do n't think I 'll be buying this again .
 This stuff does n't smell anything like sandalwood . It smells like old 1970 's Avon thats been in storage for 40 years . GROSS . I would give it zero stars if I could .
 I ordered Night Queen fragrance and received something marked Night Queen but it is not . I have used it for years and am sorely disappointed .
 I ordered this because of the other positive reviews . On my skin this smells like baby powder , and not in a good way . I put this on and when my boyfriend came home he immediately asks what that smell was . When I told him it was the perfume he said it was awful and and making him gag .
 This Egyption Musk oil smells ok , I wore just a dab to work and it made me and others around me sneeze alot . Also i broke out a little with redness and itching where I applied it . So I do not suggest this to someone who thinks they may want to avoid these issues .
 This product arrived open and had leaked out on everything else in the box . It smells like old lady perfume and is very overpowering . I had to throw the whole bottle out and wash my hands several times to remove the smell . It also gave me a headache as soon as I opened the box , it even stunk up my whole recycling box !
 I do n't like it at all , it has a good staying power though but is a flowery scent , not very strong but you can feel it . If you are into flowery scents then try it .
 Thought it would smell musky vanillaish but I was wrong it smells like old lady perfume and is to strong
 If you like to smell like wet dirt then this is your scent . It smells nothing like patchouli . I had to take a shower after putting it on because it smelled so bad .
 i ordered this perfume because i loved a frangrance that bath & body used to sell as `` Sandalwood Vanilla '' . When i received this perfume and applied it i was shocked that it smelled NOTHING like i expected . i found it cloyingly overpowering and much too floral-y . Perhaps it was the way it interacted with my body chemistry , i 'm not sure , but i would n't recommend buying a scent you ca n't try before you buy .
 not good ; it does not have no smell , poor quality ... dont buy itAuric Blends Egyptian Goddess Roll-On Perfume 1/3 oz
 Ok so I received this item quickly and in good condition , kudos to shipper . But I do not care for the scent . I did n't like the smell from the bottle and neither from the back of my hand where I placed a small amount . It smells like a funeral pallor or something funky , there is a dominant scent perhaps Lilly , sorry , not for me . To be fair I will try on pulse point to see if there is an improvement , which I doubt . I will come back and update if something changes . This will be gifted to another .
 bonjour et merci pour la livraison parfaite qui est arrivee a temps :-RRB- ... sauf que le produit ne correspond pas du tout avec le musk white que je recherche et que je connais depuis que je suis petite ... j' en ai commande a 2 endroits diff&eacute;rents pour voir la difference mais l'odeur est identique :-LRB- je suis d&eacute;u ! si quelqu'un peut me dire ou trouver du vrai Musk White se serai super gentil de votre part et je re-ferai un essais mais surement pas celui de Auric Blends : -LRB-
 To me the smell is annoying . I mixed it with another scent . I expected a soft scent . The scent made my head hurt .
 This roll on perfume is not my type . I will no longer buy products just on good reviews . I can barely smell it . Not worth it , sorry and I 'm usually not picky but this is awful .
 The site may have a technical issue . That is , no matter what scent you pick from the dropdown box , you will get the one love scent in your order . Please check your order carefully before you place the order !!! They do n't want to refund my order if i do n't return it . I do n't want to waste my time to go to the post office etc just for a few bucks . but it really is disappointing . The one love scent is too sweet and like cheap lipsticks from one dollar store ...
 I read the other reviews stating that this perfume was too faint , and that you could n't smell the fragrance . I should have paid attention to it . But , having said that , I am also one who likes a strong fragrance . This one is extremely mild but pleasant . It 's a pleasant fragrance , I just should have saved my money . I just assumed maybe it was just the difference in chemistry and maybe it would work for me ... it did n't .
 This has absolutely no honeysuckle scent to it at all . So if you are looking for that clean sweet smell , do n't bother with this stuff .
 I recently ordered a small sampling of Auric Blends fragrances , and this one was a disappointment . It started out nice and smelled nice in the roller , a fresh rosy-jasmine smell . However , it quickly changed to an unpleasant nursing home smell , finally drying down to a baby powder smell . The smell is giving me a slight headache , lasting forever and I will never , ever wear this again . It might work on somebody else 's chemistry , but I ca n't imagine many people wanting to smell like either an old lady or a baby 's bottom . I love other scents by this brand -LRB- Love , Sweet Rain -RRB- , but this was a miss for me .
 My wife smelled this on someone else , and was happy to own for herself . But when we got it , it had virtually no scent at all . Perhaps the bottle we got was old or defective . But not at all what she had thought it would be . We returned it , and Amazon was AMAZING about giving us our money back .
 While I like the scent , it 's just not strong enough . I do n't recommend that you purchase this item . Hopefully , the manufacturer will read these comments and improve the scent 's strength .
 I agree with the others that it does smell really good , however , the smell is so weak that i cant hardly smell it . The oil seems very thick as well and i have to rub it into my skin . I tried shaking it , but still very weak scent .
 I bought this scent because of the enthusiastic reviews , and according to the manufacturer 's website -LRB- Auric Blends -RRB- it 's wildly popular . I bought the roll on and wanted very much to like it , but , unfortunately , this one is not for me . I was expecting a warm , powdery , floral musk and instead I get a very sharp , watery -LRB- muguet ? -RRB- , floral with no soft , warm musky tones at all . Unfortunately this type of scent gives me headaches . Way too much of a bite ! It 's too bad - I was really looking forward to wearing this scent . -LRB- maybe I got a bad bottle ? or maybe it was mislabeled ? -RRB- Not for me , thanks !
 Does n't smell like coconuts . Smells very synthetic , nauseatingly sweet and plasticky . Not at all how I imagined it would be . Ca n't recommend this one , not even for teens .
 I love the smell of this perfume , but I am very unhappy with the product I received . I have purchased Auric blends at my local Whole Foods in the past and wanted to try the `` Love '' scent , so I ordered it from Amazon . I am deeply disappointed by my purchase . It seems as though there was manufacturing error with the bottle -LRB- perhaps the rolling ball was too small ? -RRB- and over a couple of days the entire contents of the bottle leaked out into my purse . Now my purse smells nice , but I have an empty bottle of perfume and a large oil stain on my bag . Not happy at all . Hoping the company will replace the bottle with one that does n't leak . If only they would replace my purse as well . Ugh .
 This product was very disappointing to me . The smell is light and does not have that musky smell of sandlewood . It took a hot shower and lots of scrubing to remove the oil from my skin .
 Ordered this product based on reviews . Wow , I was definitely wrong to do that ! The order and shipping was on point , however , the the product leaves a lot to be desired . It smells like irish spring soap . I could have gone to the local family dollar to get this smell . Never again .
 I did n't use this product . I returned for refund as well as a large bottle of the same fragrance . I was so disapointed that it smelled more like cooking oil rather than the exotic aroma described . Amazon did refund promptly which I appreciated but I hate to have to return things .
 I would love to give a great review , but I have yet to receive this product . Oh and today makes a month since I processed this order . If I ever receive it I 'll be sure to rewrite this review . BTW , I only marked the rating because they wont let me post without it .
 Think of the smell your Teachers had . Very Grandma-like , kind of a musky funky closet smell . That 's what this is . This is that scent . The EXACT scent . Do n't believe me ? Buy it . One whiff and suddently . . `` Mrs. Smitherson ... ? I turned in my homework , I swear ! `` That being said , I love Auric blends and just because some of their oils are hit and miss ; when it 's a hit , it 's a HIT !
 I have been using Egyptian Goddess for at least about 7 years and I thought I would order from amazon rather than the auric blends site because it was free shipping and a little cheaper . . So disappointed !! The scent is somehow different and even when I opened the package it had a different oiled scent as if one spilled over it ? It just so happened to also smell like patchouli which I ca n't stand !! I will no longer order from this site for that I KNOW what it should smell like and I do n't know if it 's old or what but that is not the Egyptian goddess I have been getting I will spend the extra few dollars and go to the real site !
 Should have listened to the reviewers who said this smells like baby powder and nothing like sandalwood . Wo n't be buying this again .
 I purchased this locally and decided to order this here because it was cheaper ... I 'm very disappointed ... it does n't smell right at all . . now I 'm stuck with 4 bottles ... I will never buy it here again .
 The smell is definitely not what I was hoping for . It smells horrid to me . Like baby powder and hair products , not the great smelling hair products either . It 's an annoying smell that hangs around strongly all day , that smells .
 I bought this based on the popularity & reviews . But it 's not for me . It smells like your typical scented oil at a head shop .
 I decided to purchase this perfume based on the great reviews written but unfortunately , it is just was not what I was hoping for . The scent is so light , I feel as if I have to literally douse myself to smell anything . I am suspecting that the item that I got is an old batch .
 I was very dissipointed at how synthetic this smells.I have used divine opium incense and loved it . I assumed the perfume oil would smell as good as the incense i was wrong .
 First time trying Auric Blends Egyptian Goddess Roll On Perfume . I have a very good sense of smell and I actually threw this product away because it had absolutely no scent !! Very disappointing !
 I 've never been nearly knocked out by a fragrance until smelling this one . It is SO strong , I could n't even get it out of my olfactory sense after one small dab and then taking a shower to scrub it off . Patchoulli has always been one of my favorite scents , but this , well this is just overwhelmingly awful !
 After reading the intriguing reviews for this product , I was expecting a wonderful new scent to try ... sadly , I am VERY disappointed.I could barely detect any fragrance at all after I first rolled it on . I waited for a while , and then I applied more ; however , there was no noticeable increase in the scent -LRB- actually all the second application did was give me a headache , which has gone away since I scrubbed the oil off . -RRB- I had intended to try the Amber that Auric Blends offers as well -LRB- my favorite fragrance for many years -RRB- , but I am very hesitant to order it after this experience with Egyptian Goddess ...
 Not one of my favorites . I put this one in the same catagory with Love . Very light .
 I do like many of the other Auric blends scents , but this one is just gross . It smells cloyingly like the soap in public bathrooms -- to me , anyway . Sorry , but that 's my opinion !
 I bought this for my wife . We both really liked the Patchouli scent we remembered from years ago . Unfortunately this did not measure up . It had a sharp industrial smell to it like oil used on machining tools like lathes and milling machines . Maybe if you were Tim Taylor from Tool Time you might like it . I wonder if it is just defective becuase I can not imagine anyone really liking it.We were very disappointed .
 I wanted to like this , I really did . I ordered Black Coconut expecting a natural coconut scent that would take me to a warm and tropical place and was convinced it would take me there from some of the reviews about this particular scent.It finally arrives and I excitedly open it and take a whiff and . . it smells synthetic . REALLY synthetic . I 'm talking Glade plug-in air freshener synthetic . I was highly disappointed at how synthetic and artificial this smells ! Because it was an oil , I was expecting it to be composed in a more natural scent -LRB- especially because coconut oil exists ! -RRB- but this literally smells like a coconut version of car freshener and you know you ca n't expect a natural scent out of those.I received this roll-on three weeks ago and tried to give it an honest chance by wearing it on my wrist and allowing it to heat up -LRB- as Egyptian Goddess taught me , a little heat can create magic ! -RRB- but even when my body warmed it up and let ts scent disperse , I was seriously far from impressed.If synthetic scents are your thing and you do n't mind an artificial coconut scent , then I 'm sure this will be for you . But in my case , I find this smells terrible . I suppose I got what I paid for considering how cheap it 's priced . . :-LRB- *** COCO MANGO *** I ordered Coco Mango and Black Coconut and received them 3 weeks ago in the mail . While I was seriously disappointed with Black Coconut , Coco Mango was definitely the winner of the order . It 's great in comparison to Black Coconut but to be honest , the scent by itself is n't impressive either . You can smell the scent of artificial coconut in this roll-on , but mango is n't exactly what I smell along with it . I warn you , the scents are quite artificial so you may not receive what you 're expecting when it comes to scents from natural sources like fruits and flowers.The scent is . . sweet , but overly sweet . Sickly sweet , if that 's a good way to describe it . It 's also very strong so if you get this , I recommend using it sparingly . I honestly do n't really care for the overly sweet scent -LRB- and this is coming from a fan of Aquolina 's Pink Sugar ! Irony ! -RRB- so I either use it extremely rarely and sparingly or not at all.I suppose I ca n't really roll with this roll-on because of how synthetic it smells ; when it comes to smelling nice , I want to smell natural , even if the scent is far from natural - unnaturally natural ! But when I used Coco Mango and Black Coconut , I felt like I smelled like one of those cheap car air fresheners you get while paying your gas money to a store clerk.I wanted to love Coco Mango especially in comparison to Black Coconut . But it has not wowed me . It 's . . decent.I had way better success with Egyptian Goddess , though !
 Omg this scent is a disaster . It smells like coconut for about 3 seconds and then it just bitter . I do n't even know how to describe it . Is it how coconut supposed to smell like ? Because it gave me headache and i had to wash it away . I do n't know about other scent but I 'm warning you , DO NOT purchase the black coconut , uhgg .
 Luckily for me i did n't buy this frangrance for myself , i bought it for my mother-in-law who likes the smell of Almond . I do n't know if she wears it ...
 I do n't see what all the fuss is about . This oil smells okay , but it does not last at all . I would NOT buy this again
 This is not the same patchouli as was commonly available in the US during the late 60 's and early 70 's . That fragrance was very distinctive and unforgettable . This product is not the same thing - not even close .
 Smells are all jumbled up . It does n't resemble honeysuckle at all . Very strong smell , it does n't even smell floral at all .
 I am an avid amazon customer and this is by far the worst thing I have ever purchased online . . I cant belive how people can give this absolute piece of crap so many positive reviews , which tricked me into buying this . . This has absolutely no fragrance at all , and I could detect it only if I smelled hard . . I asked my husband to smell it and even he said he couldnt much . . I dont think both of us has olfactory probs like some reviewer mentioned here . . and for what its worth it doesnt even last 1 hour . . by which I mean , after 1 hour when I smelled the area I rubbed it in , there was nothing ! and yeah , when you put it on and smell it , it smells cheap powdery!I am so dissapointed by this purchase not just because of the bucks I spent , but to think I made such a bum of myself by buying this cheap thing , with so many expectations . . Pls do yourself a favor and stay away . . !
 I ordered this roll-on perfume oil in the most basic of scents - vanilla . I am amazed at how much this DOES NOT SMELL LIKE VANILLA . How hard can it be?No one , after smelling this , would even say , `` It kind of reminds me of a cheap vanilla candle . '' That 's how far off it is . For this to smell like a $ 1 candle would be a huge improvement . It smells like clouds of baby powder and artificial sweetener.The `` Vanilla '' sent is putridly sweet and powdery dry . There is no note of the warm milkiness that you expect from even a poor quality vanilla scent . It does n't smell yummy and edible . It smells nasty and chemical immediately upon application . I wanted to wash it off immediately but I gave it a chance . Upon drydown the powder smell becomes totally overpowering . After a few hours the whole effect faded significantly but not enough for me to avoid washing my wrists to escape it.I gave it one star because zero stars was not an option .
 Very synthetic ! It 's very hard to nail a true jasmine scent , and Auric Blends fails to measure up . Since ordering this roll-on , I have discovered a jasmine scent named `` Zen '' by Indikah . Now that is fantastic jasmine !
 I can not STAND the smell of this . I love the smell of coconut ... but this is not it . Overpowering and just flat rank .
 I do n't know why everyone is complaining about the faint smell . Yes , it is faint when you open the bottle cap and sniff it . Once you dab it on you - just a quarter size and let it sit and go into your skin , the fragrance will start to grow . Initially when you first buy the perfume , you may need to put on about 12 '' of it on your body to detect the scent . Then go out for a day or so -LRB- walk around in the fresh air -RRB- and you 'll start to notice the scent . After your nose can delineate between the fresh air and the scent , you 'll notice that the scent is actually quite strong . Later , just a dab will last you 48 hours - through showers and repeated hand washing / dish washing.This fragrance reminds me of my Kindergarten teachers and older women in their late 30s up to 60s wearing this stuff . This is definitely not for women in their 20s , as it smells too `` motherly '' and `` married . '' It 's a comforting , sweet scent , but it smells old , as in a popular scent that we grew up with when we were little , so it lends itself as an older woman scent from the last generation .
 I read the reviews where people said they could n't smell anything . I took a chance and ordered anyways , thinking they must have had bad noses or had actually got used to the smell . I ordered two bottles . The first was okay . It did n't smell musky to me at all , just slightly earthy and very sweet . It was weak , and only lasted minutes on my skin -LRB- and my skin tends to hold musky/spicy/earthy smells well -RRB- . I asked several family members to smell where I had rolled it - nothing.The second bottle ... I almost want to say it was just vegetable oil , but it had a slight burnt rubber smell to it . Maybe it was a bad bottle , I dunno , but I wish someone had smelled it before they sent it to me , because it was obviously something wrong with it . Even the texture of the oil felt wrong , if that makes sense.All these reviews really got me hopeful , and I 'm so disappointed . I would send them back if I actually had the receipt , time , and energy to do so . I just had my first daughter and the post office is so far away ! Argh !
 The scent is barely detectable . It 's as if I 'm not wearing anything at all , and I have a very sensitive nose . The `` oil '' is very sticky/gummy on the skin too .
 I seriously could n't smell a thing . Had my teenage daughter smell it too and she could n't smell it either . However , my teenage son yelled that the smell was horrible -- to not pack his lunch or touch anything of his while wearing it . Came out in a weird greasy way from roller . Threw it away .
 I have gotten many Auric Blends perfumes before and liked them alot , but always got them from a local store . Against my better judgement I decided to buy this one sight-unseen , or unsmelled as this case may be . I looked at the description for this scent on the auric blends website . The description makes it sound nice . It isnt . It smells like a mixture of those cinnamon pine-cones , bad yucky rose potpourri , some smoky smell -LRB- like the after smell of incense , which I usually like -RRB- baby powder and some other ungodly sweet compound -LRB- possibly jasmine/gardenia , which I also usually like -RRB- . The whole effect of the mixture is quite repelling . To make it worse , I think I am allergic to something in it because within seconds of applying it to my wrists and neck I began to feel hot , my wrists and neck turned red and got really itchy.All this being said I am sure that there are some that may thoroughly enjoy this perfume , I however am not among them . I would just suggest to anyone considering this specific scent to , if possible , search it out at a local store and actually smell before you buy .
 I was hoping that becuase this was an oil I would get something that smelled like true lavender . Well , I was sadly disappointed when I received the item . It has hardly any notes of lavender in it and smells more like old French-milled soap . The smell is n't horrible & it lasts but it was what I had expected . I had used the vanilla and coconut oils before and they were true to their scents so I was hoping for the same on this Lavender oil .
 Great shipping , the product arrived days before the estimated date . However , I was very disappointed with the oil . I wonder if they sent me an old bottle . The roller ball to apply it was stuck , and once I was able to get the oil out , I could hardly smell anything .
 ... either that or marzapan ! Do n't get me wrong I love , love both types of sweets but I do n't want to smell like either one . The first time I wore Black Coconut someone walked into our office and said , ` you ladies are always baking something ' . Unfortunatley , we did not have any baked goods in the office that day . I bought this scent because someone here said it smelled like the beach or suntan oil/lotion and thought that is what I am looking for in a summer scent -LRB- and I live on the beach , so again I thought , perfect -RRB- . This left me smelling like a bakery . I was not going for smelling like food items , the pantry or my local bakery/cafe . These are also thick oils and thick scents which I do n't mind but others may .
 I was very disappointed when I received my oils . There was absolutely no fragrance to any of the four bottles that I purchased . I will not be purchasing this product online in the future .
 I bought the vanilla scent and upon opening it for the first time , I noticed a pervasive artificial strawberry scent , similar to that of the original Strawberry Shortcake doll made in the mid 1980s . I could still smell the vanilla fragrance under the strawberry , and I thought that maybe the scent was from the packaging rather than from the oil so I applied some of the oil . The strawberry scent was still present , and did not fade with time . Just to be sure I was n't imagining things , I tried the oil again today and it still has the artificial and unpleasant strawberry scent .
 I REALLY , REALLY wanted to like this . Was so anxious to get it . Other reviews were great so I am wondering if mine just got messed up or something . It stinks . Really stinks . Nothing musky at all about this . It smells like hand soap but not the good kind . So disappointed . Cant even describe the smell - just a strong flowery scent and smells like cheap soap / lotion .
 Bhlaa , I 'm very keen on fragrances and this one sucks , the amber seems burnt and the patchouly dos ` nt help it at allWhat real amber ? you have to pay for it , like Tom Ford Amber Absolute
 Shipping was very fast . However I was expecting a white musk more along the lines of the type of scent that I would find in a spray , or something at least slightly similar . Very dissatisfied with this product . It smells far too floral , like an aerosol bathroom spray . Is it too late to get a refund ??
 I 've been wearing Stella for years & love it . But when I received this shipment I was very disappointed . It did n't smell like it was supposed to .
 THIS PRODUCT WAS SHIPPED TO ME OPEN . I DO N'T THINK IT WAS THE ORIGINAL EITHER . WO N'T BE BUYING FROM HERE ANYMORE .
 Never received the item . Shipping and billing address are different and the system can not handle processing.Very poor operation and will not use this seller again .
 I try just about every new fangled skin/makeup/cleanser , and I definitely gave these guys a fair shot ... The shot went foul ... It left a film on my skin that felt like I had put an anti-frizz hair product on my face by accident ... I smells awful too ... I was bad enough that after a week of use , my husband finally asked me if I was coming down with something and covering it up with makeup!Don ' t believe the hype!This stuff is shimmery crud !
 I purchased this cream along with Premier 's Noir Mask , Eye Serum , Eye Cream , Anti-aging Cream and Milky Face Wash. . After using them for a week , my skin was completely dried out . In addition , redness developed on my cheeks , which turned into a rash , my forehead started to peel and the area around my eyes were the most dry as ever . Needless to say , I stopped using the Premier products immediately and contacted their US office . I emailed them twice already and no response . I will continue to try to contact them , but does n't look like the company wishes to speak with me . I spent over $ 800 on these products and now they are collecting dust .
 I used to use Goldwell for about a decade , and purchased it through my hairdresser . It is a very expensive , quality product that gives you the most amazing hair . However , since I moved I started ordering it from Amazon and this does n't seem to be the same thing . It 's just a little off , does n't condition nearly as well at all -LRB- and it 's not the climate difference or anything like that -RRB- . Smells different too . I think it is not the same as what I was buying before , as in - this may be a knockoff . On top of this , twice now I have ordered the ultra rich formula and received the rich formula . This is very annoying to me and I 'm not going to be buying from here any more . Buyer beware
 I did n't like the smell of this product at all . Even though it 's a standard , average shampoo the smell was so distracting that I would n't use it again .
 When I first got this shampoo and opened it I immediately did n't like the smell . It smelled like Johnson 's Baby Shampoo . When I used this shampoo it tangled my hair and there was no extra body or volume . I did n't like it . I 'll be sticking to my salon products . I would n't recommend this .
 At first I was pleased when i turned it on , I was okay for 1 min , then it stopped working , it become slow then it did nothing . It is poorly made.They need to improve this product . It doesnt even deserve one star . I had to put it for AMAZON .
 Well , I sent mine back if that tells you anything . The battery issue was a joke . I had 2 but the charge lasted less than 5 minutes . That was just long enough to heat it up . Oh well , you have another battery , right ? Sorry , sitting in my car killed that one . How in the heck would you do your whole head of hair with these , even if the second one was fully charged ? Oh , I get it . It 's only made for `` quickies '' . Well , mine `` quickly '' died . I need at least 15 minutes of heat . Back to hot rollers , I guess .
 The shampoo smelled nice , but if I did n't fully blow-dry my hair it left it frizzy and out of control . If I did fully blow-dry the shampoo worked fine .
 tried using it ... thought it would be okay with the UV light I also got ... never &#34; cured &#34; under the UV light/fan ... even after 4 minutes ... must be doing something wrong or not ! ... feels like i wasted my money
 There is a significant musk smell , but the lotion works great . Should be aware if you are allergic to Musk fragrance/natural odors ? from the lotion ... Great repair for skin . But if allergic to musk , be aware .
 This lotion is not as I remember . Seems more liquidy than creamy . My skin is still dry the next day
 I had high hopes for this product after reading all of the wonderful reviews . Maybe I 'm just overly sensitive , but the smell makes me absolutely queasy . I used it on my hands and I could still smell it after I washed my hands three times .
 This product sucks !! dont buy it . you will be let down . Its a greases mess that will not come off and you will feel sticky for the rest of the day.Poor Poor Product !!
 if a golden yellow is what you are looking for this will do it . I was seeking a whiter platinum shade .
 i hated this product . my hair turned orange and i did everything right . I 'm not the only one with problems with this product i just wished i 'd talked to them first . i wo n't be using this again
 The box may say any shade can get blonde color , but they lied . I have dark hair , and my hair turned orange using this . I do love Feria though !!!!
 I had this exact color 120 HOT . I used to be the reddest red you 've ever seen and it was so everlasting . I could n't find max factor in stores anymore so I decided to look online . I was so happy when I found it and for a cheap price . Well the color is a light red , not quite what I was expecting . I use it as a base coat .
 I do n't know what happened to this order . I never received it . I e-mailed the company and thier response was `` We sent the product , with a conformation ticket '' I was dissappointed . I 'll just go to the mall next time to get this product .
 While I really like the product , I resent the fact that they try to cheat us with this ridiculous trick . They must think all women are not very bright , and do n't realize that the wide golden band at the bottom of the bottle just covers up the fact that the applicator does not reach past the golden band , while there is still plenty of the product left.They thought we would n't notice and think the product was empty when it was not . Do n't they make enough profit on that little bottle already ?
 While I really like the product , I resent the fact that they try to cheat us with this ridiculous trick . They must think all women are not very bright , and do n't realize that the wide golden band at the bottom of the bottle just covers up the fact that the applicator does not reach past the golden band , while there is still plenty of the product left.They thought we would n't notice and think the product was empty when it was not . Do n't they make enough profit on that little bottle already ?
 Not very blue . Looked turquoise . Had to redo with a different product . I am only writing more to meet the minimum word requirement :-RRB- .
 I bought this blue for my hair and have to keep reapplying it every month . I do n't shampoo that often - once every 4-5 days , so this should n't fade so quickly . I think the colour is awesome , but the reapplication is pretty annoying . I would n't recommend this product just because it fades so quickly .
 While I really like the product , I resent the fact that they try to cheat us with this ridiculous trick . They must think all women are not very bright , and do n't realize that the wide golden band at the bottom of the bottle just covers up the fact that the applicator does not reach past the golden band , while there is still plenty of the product left.They thought we would n't notice and think the product was empty when it was not . Do n't they make enough profit on that little bottle already ?
 While I really like the product , I resent the fact that they try to cheat us with this ridiculous trick . They must think all women are not very bright , and do n't realize that the wide golden band at the bottom of the bottle just covers up the fact that the applicator does not reach past the golden band , while there is still plenty of the product left.They thought we would n't notice and think the product was empty when it was not . Do n't they make enough profit on that little bottle already ?
 I am very disappointed with this purchase . The strips would not stick securely to your nose and they did not remove any black heads . I have used Biore for a while and they always work . Do not waste your money . I would like to have my money returned .
 I followed the instructions exactly -LRB- I 'm an engineer so am capable of following instructions -RRB- but it ripped the skin off my nose and left me bleeding . It looked like I had been punched . Kudos for giving me the rough and tough look which generated a bit of respect from my colleagues who asked if I was forming my own fight club .
 Barely any lipstick in there . Does not last like it used to . Total ripoff . Sad , I used to get this for over 7 years . NO more !! People , let me know if you found a formula that you like better .
 While I really like the product , I resent the fact that they try to cheat us with this ridiculous trick . They must think all women are not very bright , and do n't realize that the wide golden band at the bottom of the bottle just covers up the fact that the applicator does not reach past the golden band , while there is still plenty of the product left.They thought we would n't notice and think the product was empty when it was not . Do n't they make enough profit on that little bottle already ?
 I am completely dissatisfied with this purchase . I wont purchase it again . I thought it would be a different quality and its just like having a regular dryer not a professional one .
 While I really like the product , I resent the fact that they try to cheat us with this ridiculous trick . They must think all women are not very bright , and do n't realize that the wide golden band at the bottom of the bottle just covers up the fact that the applicator does not reach past the golden band , while there is still plenty of the product left.They thought we would n't notice and think the product was empty when it was not . Do n't they make enough profit on that little bottle already ?
 Maybe I chose the wrong color , but this is the same as nothing . If you choose to purchase this , choose something darker .
 I bought this product to go along with everything else I had to do my own nails . I thought by getting OPI the quality would be higher . I was wrong . The pads werent put on the block evenly so corners were coming off . the grit was rather soft . Next time ill find something different .
 I gave this to my wife to try and it went on easily , but it looked more orange than brown . She 'd never tried any other sunless tanning products to compare it to , so it may be due to her skin coloring . As I said above it was easy to work with , just not a good color choice for her .
 As a bronzer , this product works well , but I did not notice any signs of a lasting tan . I saw it wash off in the shower . The smell is gross . So basically you get the smell of a self tanner with the effects of a bronzer .
 I got this product in both deep and extra deep . I used both but found that deep was better for my skin tone -LRB- very fair . -RRB- It does dry quickly which is nice but did n't give me any color the first time I used it ... so I applied another coat after my next shower . It left me very orange and streaky ! On top of all that the smell is horrible ! Almost like a soy sauce smell ! My boyfriend could hardly handle the smell of it while sitting next to me ! I think the product is one of the worst sunless tanners I have ever used and I would n't waste what little money I spent on it again !
 I applied the tanner as directed and hardly noticed a difference . I like Banana Boat . Do n't waste your money on this one .
 This stuff is NOT the Neutrogena product they claimed it was . Incredibly watery , to the point that when I squeezed it out of the bottle it ran directly onto my white carpet . Would not recommend .
 Perhaps this product was frozen at some time ; as it is very watery . Or the age ofthe product has destroyed its content .
 The product was obviously out of date . It should have been of a cream consistency , however when lid was removed it ran out of the tube and had small particles in it . I had to throw it away !
 Good retailer , they value customer service . The product however , was not very good . It was watery . But nonetheless , the retailer gave immediate feedback and refunded my account upon notification . I would do business with them again because of their immediate service and customer focus.Namaste , Caterina
 Again , if your skin is too sensitive or you suffer from eczema , like I do on my face , you have to be careful because this product may not work for you . It did n't work for me . My symptoms got worst .
 Turned all of our faces white when we got in the water ! :-LRB- its not for water sports , thats for sure . I own a houseboat so we go through about 20 bottles per summer , so I will stick to Hawaiian Tropics Sensitive Skin for faces . Other than that , it is scent free and worked without any burning issues .
 I wo n't be buying this sunblock again and do n't recommend it at all . After using a different brand all summer for my fair skinned 4 year old , I ran out and tried this . We were in and out of 75 degree sun for about 2.5 hours -LRB- she was not sweaty -RRB- . She has a sunburn . Nothing major , but all summer long she has been outside with another brand and was still white as milk . So disappointed in this product . This is not very effective for sun protection . I will never buy it again . I give it 2 stars because the smell is unoffensive which is about the only plus .
 I enjoyed the convenience of ordering this product online , but the bottle came in with a cracked top . It really was n't worth sending back ... but of course it is not easy to use since the top is broken .
 THE PRODUCT WAS BETTER BEFORE , AT THIS TIME SMELLS DIFFERENT . CRYSTAL BOTTLE OFFERS DIFFICULT TO USE DIARLY THE AFTER SHAVE.IT IS NECESSARY SHAKES SEVERAL TIMES THE BOTTLE TO OBTAIN ONE DROP.I DO N'T RECOMEND THIS PRODUCT ANYBODY .
 Been using this product now for two weeks . And my nails are more brittle than before ! I 'm going back to my trusty Sally Hansen products
 This did nothing but peel off my nails . I needed something to help my nails what a disappointment . Total garbage
 I ordered this product through Amazon from AmericanRX as a birthday gift for a friend believing I had plenty of time to recieve it . Nearly everything I order through Amazon arrives in 3 to 5 business days , even when I use normal shipping . This item was received about three weeks from the time I ordered it , way longer than I believe anything purchased online that is supposedly in stock should take . I understand that sometimes problems arise with shipping and inventories . However , I recieved no contact from this seller letting me know this shipment would be delayed . The product itself is actually very nice . In todays environment of online marketing , this sort of delivery performance is not excusable .
 para resumir esta opinion , esto es pesimo y lo peor aun falso , la caja no era la misma y la fragancia huele a detergente de veras no invierta dinero en este disparate
 Let me preface this brief review by saying I own 60 + bottles and growing . This is without a doubt the worst bottle I 've had the displeasure of smelling . The smell is something out of this world , it 's difficult to describe . Imagine sour , cheap , soapy notes that are so synthetic it hurts the nose . Man I do n't know what fragrance these other reviewers are smelling but this is aweful . If you absolutely need an FCUK scent try FCUK Connect it 's much better scent wise , even if the longevity is poor . I usually am pretty forgiving on my fragrance reviews since everyones nose is different but ... DO N'T BUY THIS . That 's my good dead for the year .
 Very Strong when you put in on and last for only about half an hour and its gone would at least thing that it would smell longer but no .
 It smells like a combination of Raid Roach Killer and I am not certain what but , this is a review of the product itself not the seller -
 does not last more than 5 minutes I would not suggest it unless you do n't plan on hanging out for more than a few minutes
 I ordered the soaps thinking the soaps would be a bit larger ... they smell nice , but a bit strong . Oh , and recieved 2 bars instead of 3 .
 It did n't go on smoothly or stay clean . It looked like I put bubble gum on my nails and let it set .
 I bought this product online . The first time I tried it I knew it was n't all it claimed to be . I have long hair and unlike the other reviewer , it got stuck in my hair everytime . If you 're hair is longer than one full rotation around the revo styler , it will get stuck . I tried it a second time and really made an effort , I watched the video and everything , and my hair still got stuck . I 've never used it again and it 's sitting in the back of my closet . Back to the trusty old curling iron ...
 RAMY Blush in 2 ShadesA big disappointment . I have medium skin color and the shade I chose was the Alive . It was not at all visable , actually seemed to match my skin tone . I gave it to my fair skinned daughter , and it did not not even show up on her . Since thrown away , it was just a waste of money .
 It 's not the same as I ordered before . Was extremely disappointed and so was husband ... it was a gift for Xmas .
 Extreme Styling Treatment did nothing to help me style my curly hair . It made my hair very soft , too soft , and thus I was unable to get the smooth style I wanted . My hair was flyaway . I get better results just by leaving in my conditioner that I use after shampooing .
 I purchased this product in hope that the efficiency of the T3 flat-iron would be as good as the price . Unfortunately , I was greatly dissapointed . The product performs just as good as my $ 20 Revlon flat-iron . The T3 does heat up quick and after about 10 times of going over the same strand of hair it does add shine to the strand . The product itself is not bad but for the price it 's definitely very flimsy and does n't perform according to its price . Beware because these sorts of items are non-refundable or exchangeable so choose carefully .
 Before you start to apply it on your skin , the overwhelming smell will totally disappoint you . The `` scent '' is too strong for a lotion . People around you will be scared by the smell . Do n't buy it unless you knew you love the smell of patchouli . But it is still a little too much .
 While the lotion did absorb well and left my skin extremely soft , the patchouli oil was overpowering . The scent lasted forever and any clothing , linens and furniture I came in contact with also smelled of patchouli . My husband did n't care for the lotion either . If you like the scent of patchouli , this lotion would be perfect because the scent lasts all day -LRB- and all week if you do n't do laundry right away -RRB- . I do , however , love Kiss My Face products and would definitely use their lotions in other scents .
 I was n't very impressed with this lotion . I do n't think I 'd choose to buy this in the future . The fragrance was much too strong for a lotion . It did a nice job of moisturizing my skin . It went on smoothly and was n't greasy . But , I just did n't care for the scent at all .
 Charlie Brown 's buddy PigPen would love this moisturizer 's scent because IT SMELLS LIKE DIRT ! I love the patchouli bath/shower gel because it does have a nice smell-LIKE PATCHOULI ! This stuff , however , has the added bonus of hemp seed oil which probably gives it that ashtray full of marijuana roaches aroma . Well , I 'm stuck with it and will continue to use it until I 've become -LRB- hopefully -RRB- de-sensitized to it . In future , I 'll just use Cetaphyl unscented lotion or cream after the patchouli shower gel .
 Good moisture from the lotion , but the scent is very overpowering . It was far too strong for me , but it was a quality lotion .
 This was my first experience with a Kiss My Face product , and I have to admit I was disappointed . This was the worst smelling lotion I 've ever encountered . I tried it the first day it arrived and thought maybe it was just me that did n't appreciate the patchouli/hemp oil combo so I invited my mom to try some . Her response was the same as mine
 this product did n't deliver how i hoped . i use it in combination with dior show and it did n't make much of a difference if i just used the dior show on it 's own . in addition , it 's very difficult to take off with eye make up remover . i 'll use the rest of the product , but i wo n't purchase it again .
 This product did nothing - very disappointing - expensive and certainly not worth it ! I get as much out of Cover Girl great lash than I did with Fiberwig .
 Do not understand what the big deal was with this product . Could have gotten a better deal by a long shot and better product at Wal-Mart for one forth of the price . Will know better next not to listen and belive guests at the Rachel Ray show !!!!!!!
 THIS PRODUCT WAS OK . . BUT I SHOULD HAVE GIVEN IT MORE OF A CHANCE AND DID N'T
 FALSE ADVERTISEMENT ! VERY VERY DISAPPOINTED ! I WANT MY MONEY BACK!THE BARGAIN DRUG STORE BRANDS FOR $ 5 WORKS BETTER THAN THIS !!!!!! IT IS NOT MASCARA . IT DID N'T DO ANYTHING !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I ABSOLUTELY HATE IT AND I HOPE THAT SOME OTHER POOR HARD WORKING SINGLE MOTHER WHO DOES N'T MIND PAYING FOR A SO CALLED GOOD ITEM DO N'T GET RIPPED OFF LIKE I DID!ABSOLUETLY DO NOT BUY THIS ITEM !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 The Imju Fiberwig Mascara has too many little specks and NOT for people wearing contact lenses .
 Someone is giving deceptive information about the Imju Fiberwig mascara . I have tried everything on the market and this one ca n't compare to the lowest price mascaras on the market ! Do n't waste your money on this one . The one nice thing is that it does come off with water and does n't flake but my lashes do n't look any fuller/thicker . I have put multiple layers on and I still ca n't get the look they claim ! Lash Perfection by MAX -LRB- waterproof -RRB- does a better job . If you want to spend more money DIORSHOW WATERPROOF mascara is much better than Imju Fiberwig mascara .
 I really did n't think there could be much of a difference between face washes , but this one definitely did n't mesh with my -LRB- fairly normal , I thought -RRB- skin . It dried out my eye area so badly that it 's actually bright red and rough , and somehow managed to increase my usual frequency of blemishes.I 'm sure this stuff could work wonders for someone , but I definitely was n't that person .
 dry skin ... good for normal acne but not to severe acne people ... . recommend to see doctor and have acutane pill . .
 I have to rate the product according to my experience . I ended up being allergic to the main ingredient in this product . It was way too strong for my skin and I quickly began to start scratching for no apparent reason to me and having weird burning sensations , etc. on my face . I would recommend that you make sure your skin can handle this ingredient before purchasing this product .
 This product 's warning label has the following buried about 3/4 of the way in - `` may bleach hair or dyed fabrics '' - this turns out to be quite an understatement . After all of my bathroom towels , sheets , and pillowcases started showing bleach stains , I started going through various bathroom products trying to figure out what was going on . Zapzyt was the culprit . Just dab a bit of this stuff on any fabric , wait a few hours , and it will be white.If you use this stuff at night before going to sleep , you may want to rinse it off before climbing in bed . = -RSB-
 I BOUGHT THIS PRODUCT AS I HAVE OCCASIONAL ` ACNE OUTBREAKS ' , AND THE REVIEWS SEEMED TO BE POSITIVE.I NOW THINK THE REVIEWS WERE WRITTEN BY FRIENDS WHO OWN THE ZAPZYT PRODUCT !! . . WHEN I PUT IT ON , I FELT ABSOLUTELY NOTHING ... NO BURNING OR ANY SENSATION THAT I HAD PUT ANYTHING ON !! ... AND AS FAR AS HEALING THE PIMPLE AND ERASING , IT THE NEXT MORNING ? -LSB- AS OTHERS HAVE CLAIMED IN THEIR REVIEWS -RSB- ... IT WAS STILL THE SAME AFTER USING THIS PRODUCT AND NOT HEALING ANY FASTER THAN IF I HAD USED NOTHING !! . . WHAT REALLY WORKS IS OLD FASHIONED NOXEMA AND ALSO THE ALPHA HYDROX PRODUCTS -LSB- THEIR ` VANISHING BLEMISH SOLUTION ' AND THEIR ALPHA HYDROX ` AHA SOUFFLE ' -RSB- , ~ ~ BOTH WHICH HAVE SALICYLIC ACID IN THEM . ~ ~ YOU CAN LITERALLY FEEL THE PIMPLE SHRINKING WHEN YOU APPLY THESE PRODUCTS -LSB- AND THE ` AHA SOUFFLE ' IS FANTASTIC AS A NIGHT CREAM AND REALLY WORKS MIRACLES ON FINE LINES !! -RSB- . . ANYWAY , I UNFORTUNATELY BOUGHT 2 OF THE ZAPZYT !! AND IT WOULD COST MORE TO SEND THEM BACK THAN JUST KEEP THEM !! ... . TAKE IT FROM ME . . SAVE YOUR MONEY AND INSTEAD , BUY THE ALPHA HYDROX PRODUCTS . . AS THEY DO WORK !! . . judy , from Oakland , ca
 For those who have dry skin , please avoid at all cost . This will make your skin even drier . After applying this for three nights , I noticed my skin was relatively dry . When I wash my face in the morning , it irritating so I applied face moisturizer which did not help moisturized my skin . This is probably due to the active ingredient of benzoyl peroxide even though there is 10 % in the tube .
 I suffer from severe adult acne and have tried pretty much all the usual salicylic acid treatments -LRB- Clean & Clear , Clearasil -RRB- etc with little success . I decided to give this product a try as it contains an unusual addition of ingredients like aloe vera , guarana , and yerba mate which I hoped might make a difference . Unfortunately , I feel this gel worked less well than other treatment gels and I greatly disliked the greasy layer that it leaves on your skin . The product instructions say this layer absorbs into your skin in 60 seconds to form a protective film , which sounds fabulous . Unfortunately , it instead looks like you wiped Vaseline petrolatum on your acne , making it even more noticeable to anyone , and the shiny look does n't disappear until you wash the product off . The greasy consistency also remains even hours later . If you accidentally touch your face where you applied it , your hands will get greasy . Basically , expect it to feel like you put petrolatum on yourself . I ca n't see how this helps acne as I would think it makes the area even more oily and does n't allow the acne to breathe .
 this product contains 8 oz containers -- exactly 2 times the size of the smaller box . additionally , the `` sale '' price is exactly two times the cost of the smaller box . to advertise that buying this product saves $ is misleading .
 I 'd been using Proactive for mild/infrequent acne and general skin maintenance when I decided I wanted something cheaper to clean my face with.And ... you get what you pay for , really.Texture on that cleanser is just gross . It 's like ... hair gel . And the cleanser made my face red and irritated and I 've got skin that 's pretty hard to irritate.If I were interested in saving money I might buy Proactive cleanser and use this system 's toner and lotion , since I 've got no complaints about either of those .
 This product completely burned my face off after the first use ! My face was red and swollen for at least a week .
 This stuff does n't work . The place where I used to get another brand 's acne remedy stopped carrying it so I gave this a try . BIG mistake , but I was desperate !!! Do n't waste your time or money . Buy Klear Action instead .
 I purchased this curette after my CND Curette I 've used for 9 years disappeared and has been discontinued . The ends on this curette are larger than what I was used to and much larger than they look in the picture . All depends on what your used to using . Or if you are gon na use this alot . I am a nail technician so this is something I need with every client . Needless to say I was n't happy and returned it . Also paid for 1 day shipping and it was late . Return was easy with no problems .
 the fragrance is old and stalewould not purchase it again , perhaps it should not be sold as sampler .
 I have been coloring my hair for a very long time , and now at the grand age of 37 years oldthe grays are making an appearance . I bought this as it seemed as if it had that extra stepin coating the grays and prepping them for the color to take . Well , I went through the processand right away after stepping out of the shower and drying my hair I could see that the grayswere still showing ! It hardly put a dent into my hair color and where some color might look likeroot highlights , there are still very obvious gray showing . Not happy with this product at all!Now I will have to wait a period of time to do try another product because any additional colorsmight be too harsh on my hair .
 A complete waste . Did n't cover gray . Formula is very thin and drippy . Watch your eyes . Gloves they give you are big , floppy and difficult to work with .
 There are two different types of Ambush cologne - the one pictured and the one that they sent me . The one I got does n't smell bad , but it 's not the same as the one I thought I ordered .
 I bought this because I was looking for an aluminum free deodorant , and I saw a lot of people review this as being aluminum free . It 's not . Aluminum is the 2nd ingredient . The smell is so strong and bad that it give me headaches . I had to stop using it after a couple of days .
 Hi people , purchased this product after reading reviews.Very bad choice . It has something in it that fills very stickey , and it has aluminum and a lot of other things that are not good for your skin.I wish the ingredents were listed so you can no before you get it home and find out the junk thats in the stuff . I would not recommed this to anybody . Do n't like the way it smells , and again very stickey when you put it under your arms .
 Its advertised as Antibacterial Hand Soap , even says so in the picture of the product . When this handsoap arrived , no where on the package does it say antibacterial handsoap . This is very misleading . And I paid a good price , thinking I finally found an antibacterial hand soap that is not orange color . DONT FALL FOR THE TRAP LIKE I DID .
 it arrived 3 weeks after i ordered it , at first Sephora replied to my email that its out of stock and they will refund my money but then after a couple of weeks i received it and they charged me may be twice.The bottles are tiny , its more for travel , its just a water mist , it does n't fix make-up or eliminate break-up after a long day outside.I would recommend the MAC Fix or la Praire or Clarins e3 if you sit for a long time in-front of a PC monitor .
 It is absolutely shameful to believe that Americans would actually buy into this . Pure tap water in an aerosol can ! This could possibly be the reason why our ozone has lost faith in humanity
 Nothing change on my lips , but the customer service was greatI do n't think that I will order it again
 This product is just ok . It does sting when you put it on so do not do so if you have chapped lips as I would imagine that it would hurt a lot . It increases the staying power of your lipstick by only a little . Not that much better than nothing . The price is inexpensive , but it cost just as much for shipping so I ca n't say that I would purchase this product again .
 In my opinion , Lipstix Lipstick Sealer does not work at all . Every time I have coffee , I have lipstick on the cups and I have to wipe it off . I used another product for 15 years . I am very disapointed in this product .
 WHile the product itself is decent , the roller ball design is very poor . it constantly sticks and actaully takes off lipstick vs sealing it . They shoudl have used a brush instead . I would not buy this item again unless they replaced &ouml;r vastly improved the functionality of the roller ball .
 Well , the acne patches came just in time . I had a nice trial area right on my chin . After two nights with the patches , the size of the pimple was slightly reduced . That was n't the effect I was looking for ! On the other hand , these patches do n't seem to dry out my skin like many other acne treatments . All in all , though , I do n't think they 're worth the money .
 First off - A + seller ... got here in decent time ... Product does not work at all ... i have had no changes in my skin tone . luckily i didnt get any of the side effects either . Just wo n't purchase ever again :-LRB- i was really excited after reading reviews of european users ... too bad did n't work at all for me . :-LRB- i would send back but it 's not the sellers fault it 's useless ...
 Even though I have used the address over 6 times without any problem , this seller did not deliver my product stating that my address was incorrect.I was so excited to receive this product , but now I am really dissapointed !
 I was on the States on vacation and wanted to buy this perfume to give to a friend as a gift . Here in Brazil it is very expensive . I found this nice offer at Amazon.com and ordered it . The fragance is awesome . My disappointment with this purchase is due to the fact that in any moment they advertised it as a refurbished or not new item . When I received the package the perfume 's box was totally opened and the seller sent me a note saying that the perfume was used once -LRB- or something like that -RRB- . I felt cheated and was very angry but could n't send it back and ask for a refund cause I was coming back to my country . I have bought at Amazon.com before and it never happened . Really disappointing .
 I was so excited to see this on Amazon . I went ahead and ordered it -LRB- good thing I did n't order two like I wanted to -RRB- Anyhow first the box is wrong . Original box for Noa came in TWO pieces . -LRB- As recently as 6 months ago , as I bought a few in Toronto -RRB- This box came in one piece . Second as soon as you spray it on you it smells like alcohol . And for any of you who do n't know FAKE perfum typically smells like that . It smells NOTHING like the other THREE bottles I have -LRB- I like to stock up as this perfum is so hard to find -RRB- . I would def return if I could , but because it 's open I ca n't . Please do n't buy it is DEF FAKE ! = - /
 When I received this product and opened it , you could tell that it was not new . I do n't mean used , I mean old . This is a problem with perfume because it loses its scent and goes `` bad . '' That happened with this product . It is quite astringenty and nothing like the original scent . In fact I wore it only once before I just decided I wasted my money .
 I purchased Noa because I ca n't find it in stores . Unfortunately , the fragrance is similar to the original Noa but unusual . Also , it does n't last for longer than 10 minutes . The original Noa would last all day . I do n't know if the bottle that I purchased is just too old , and thus `` gone bad '' , or if it is a poor copy . Needless to say , I am very disappointed and will not buy it again . For $ 53 , I thought I had a bargain . It was definitely a waste of money . -LRB- http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000C1Z2AU/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_title -RRB-
 I LOVE THIS PERFUME !!! WENT TO REORDER ONLINE , ORDERED FROM TUCCINI THROUGH AMAZON.WHAT I RECEIVED WAS WATER IN A CACHEREL BOTTLE.HAVE RETURNED IT , BUT WAITING FOR A RESPONSE FROM THEM.THEY HAVE SEVERAL COMPLAINTS WITH THE BBB IN NEW YORK.I WILL BUY NOW FROM WHERE I CAN ACTUALLY SMELL IT FIRST !
 This eyelash curler looks good , but the design makes it difficult to see exactly where to place them on the eyelashes to curl them . I gave up trying !
 This hand repair cream is very effective at making your skin softer and younger looking but WOW does it smell so bad . It smells like old people or a senior care center . Maybe like a morgue . Anyways it smells bad . It 's like that episode of Seinfeld where a mutant `` B.O. '' attaches itself to Jerry and Elaine , and no matter what they do they ca n't get the smell off of them . I tried applying scented lotion on top of this product to hide the smell . It did n't work . Then I tried washing it off of my hands and the smell would n't go away . I tried soap that had Salicylic Acid in it and the smell still would not go away . It took a few days and a lot of scrubbing and washing for the smell to go away . The worst part is the miracle hand repair cream attached itself to my clothes , and I had to spend so much time washing and rewashing my clothes so this mutant smell would finally die.Don ' t use this product unless you want to smell like old people . Use the `` miracle foot repair cream . '' It smells so much better . And you can even cover the smell of the miracle foot repair cream with a scented lotion . The only other concern of mine is I do n't feel comfortable using any product that is not organic . A lot of lotions contain carcinogens , and I do not want to suffer any health problems including cancer from using products that contain carcinogens .
 For the past few years , I have given my family a grab bag of colognes as Christmas gifts . This one will certainly be one that will be `` given '' away once they smell it .
 I 've had several Gold N Hot irons and I officially give up . They break very easily . Never dropped them or handled the roughly , plastic just starts breaking off the things . There is a plastic tip on the handle that has broken off 2 of my irons . That leaves the iron unusable because the handle is too hot to use without it . Another problem is that the irons are so slow heating up . I definitely do not recommend these irons . I was going to only give 1 star , but after they finally heat up and before they break , they are nice irons .
 I bought a bar of `` unscented '' Clearly Natural soap and was surprised that it reeked of fragrance . When researching an ingredients list , there is no mention of natural oils or fragrance . The `` unscented '' label is misleading at best .
 This product does not live with either its name or quality . I have used many different types of Glycerin soaps and was hoping this one to be better or comparable with smooth gliding clear looking and better lather forming . This is no better than a cheap regular soap and does not help making feel skin softer . Ended up trashing it . I wasting money on this product . The supplier service was fine product arrived on time . But due to its poor quality , I will never buy it again .
 NOTE
 I 've worn this product since it 's conception and was always quite satisfied until now . The bottle I received was shelf worn with little fragrance . I should have sent it back instead of pitching it into the trash .
 I have used the Garnier Fructis shake effect ligui-effect for years . When I found this on this site was excited . BUT , what I received is different bottle and different name . If company changed bottles and names it should be noted on the sellers site and picture changed . Will try it as I hate the hastle of return.I was disappointed in this vendor but after talking to him he resolved the issue to my satisfaction . Will likely use this vendor again . Would also give 5 stars . thanks
 Because I fell in love with Stella eau de parfum , I wanted more , more , more of the delicious fragrance so purchased the body cream , which smells a little funky and barely resembles Stella . Sometimes I like a body cream much better than the fragrance -LRB- e.g. , Juicy Couture -RRB- , but this just does n't do it for me .
 I have never written an Amazon review before , but this time , I felt it was necessary to warn others against a product that I felt was a waste of money . -LRB- And quite a bit of it , too , as you can see from the price tag on this body wash ! -RRB- I was very excited about the body wash when I first ordered it -- I thought that the high price tag , professional design , and amazing claims made by the company and other reviewers would obviously mean a superior product.But I was wrong . So hopefully I can be the sole voice of reason here to tell you
 It was a good lesson to buy it . Never again . The fragrance smells like when you walk in a barber shop . The consistency is very liquid and seems like diluted with water so you will run out of this thing very very quickly . There are products out there that are way cheaper , smell much better and last way longer than this product . Be wise !
 This dye does not go very far and barely lasted a week in my pre-bleached hair , even after letting it sit for approximately 8 hours . The color was very bright to start with , but quickly turned pale yellow . If you want NEON hair , I would suggest special effects napalm orange , I used this product and am much happier with it .
 I have used Manic Panic before with great results , but this was disastrous . I bleached my hair before , just as is recommended , and when I applied the color it looked nice , a very vibrant pretty color orange . After 1 day , however , it faded to a horrible highlighter yellow . I re-dyed it three times , and each time it faded to highlighter , day-glow yellow within a day . It was awful . I even rebleached and tried again , with the same results . Do not purchase this color . I had to dye my whole head brown again to cover up this mess .
 This did not come as pictured and I explained . It is a vegetable based dye and it rots quickly.They refunded me but I do n't suggest anyone buy this particular color of manic panic ever online as you can not garuntee it will arrive as you think.they did give me a full refund though and that was nice but it is brownishy not orange . Oh well .
 I love this product if I wanted to bathe in SAND!I know why people are jealous about Billy . It 's because he is a marketing genius ! To be able to call your soap SAND instead of what it really is and that 's DIRT ! Change his product name to Liquid Dirt and see how many he sells.I think he knows the answer to that one ... . and by the way if you are scrubbing your face with wet dirt you probably are going to look like a mix between Freddy Krueger and Brother Love with a splash of Sloth from Goonies ! You just ai n't going to look normal ... you just ai n't ! Let 's talk about the product a little bit . There is nothing wrong with trying different things in the shower but washing with dirt should n't be one of em.I thought we were smarter in America!You shower and bath to get rid of dirt but if you wash with dirt you never get rid of dirt . Doing this is like taking a dump with your underwear on . It 's gon na get ugly!Don ' t buy this stuff and if you really want to give it a whirl go out in your yard , put some dirt in a bucket , pour a bottle of soap in it and fill it with water and dump on it on your head . Saved you $ 20 ! This has been Ronny Tucker with Hillbilly Hygiene saying `` Pork , Pork and more Pork ! ''
 Yes , the smell is nice , but that 's about it -- the product is horrible . I have a hard time believing that anyone used this with successful results -LRB- I call B.S. on some of those reviews -RRB- . I have normal skin type and after using this product for 1 week my face was in pain . There is way too much Retinol & Salicylic acid -LRB- acne drying agents -RRB- in the formula -- trust me , this will over-dry your skin . If you have severely acneic skin you may like this , but for everyone else this will wreck your face . I will say , the aftershave lotion Billy Jealousy produces is nice , but the Bar None face wash is absolute GARBAGE .
 really dissapointed . i bought the shaving cream which is great but felt let down after this purchase first of all when first opened all the soap spilled right out because like water not visous enough . then with what remained did not kkep bumps or pimples awa and did not improve my shaving experience . not the quality i expected .
 I do n't think this cleanser works particularly well -- if anything , since using it , my otherwise clear skin has * become * troubled . Perhaps it 's a formula that only works for men , or only works on sensitive skin -- I have combination skin and am a girl , but after reading top reviews here decided to give it a try . Was n't for me , although I really like the smell of this product .
 I 've never tried a &#34; premium &#34; shaving cream and got this on a lightening deal . Overall I 'm not that impressed . If you want it to work effectively you need A LOT , way more than you 'd use for the standard foaming cream . I also do n't notice any improvement in how my skin feels , I 'd say it feels about the same as when I use the foam . Basically what I 'm saying is it costs more , and for me , does n't add any benefit over a can of 99 cent barbasol .
 Save your money and buy King of Shaves Gel . This stuff is impossible to get off the razor , it 's nowhere near as effective as KOS , and it 's too expensive . Maybe - just maybe - if you have very soft wiskers , and leather for skin - this stuff might work for you . Otherwise - it 's a bust . I used it once and threw it out .
 I was given a container of this product as a gift . I am glad that I did n't pay for it because I would have felt like a sucker . As far as the performance of the product , it 's okay , but I did not find it to be as good as other high-end shaving gels I 've used . I have found King of Shaves Alpha Gel to be the best of these non-lathering shave products ; it 's available in many drug stores , Target , etc. , for $ 5 - $ 7 . Billy Jealousy costs three times that amount and in my opinion was n't as good . I guess they 're marketing the funky name ... but I do n't know why someone would pay $ 20 for this stuff .
 I bought a new electric shaver and needed a thin type of shaving cream to use when shaving . There are not many creams on the market that are thin , so I was happy when I came across the Billy Jealousy Hydoplane Shave Cream . I liked what I saw and felt as soon as I squeezed a little into my hand . I put it on my face and it was thin and wet , BUT it felt like it got dry almost immediately . The best word to describe it getting dry would be tacky -LRB- my face was a little wet like the directions suggest -RRB- . I tried shaving and it felt rough . I tried washing the cream off the shaver and the cream seemed gooey.I stopped , washed up , and just put on some regular shick shaving cream . I ended up using an 1/8 '' drop to make the cream as thin as possible after lathering , and it worked great ! My face was not all foamy because of the 1/8 '' size and I got a great shave with my my electric shaver .
 One thing that this shaving cream is superb at is ... Are you ready for it ??? Clogging up my razor over , and over , and over again ! I had to beat the living crap out of my blade to get billies Jealousy out from between the blades . With regular shaving cream , I never had any problems , just a quick swish through the water and voila ! Hair and shaving cream gone . NOT THIS STUFF ! It is like glue between the blades . Just regular old Walgreen 's shave gel is superior to this overpriced razor glue , in my opinion .
 This product contains too many irritants to consider lime , ginger , orange and grapefruit are all volatile fragrance oils with NO benefit to skin , especially the peppermint !!! at least they list the ingredients so you can know the truth and make your own decision ... because what they tell you is misleading ! yes it does provide for a smooth shave , but there are cheaper and better formulations out there that OMIT the irritants .
 This `` cream '' does not lather well , it 's too liquidy or something . I tried it a several times and was could not help getting cut . While the scent was pleasant , it is definitely not one of the better creams out there . I have a tough beard as well and this did nothing to make the shave easier . I even used their hot towel treatment , but nothing . To be frank , it is not much better than a canned shaving gel at a drugstore . Overall , it is overrated and should only be used if you want to pay a lot of money for under performing product .
 THis product was touted to be the best lubricant available . Sorry , not even close . I use Lush Razorantium and it is far superior . It is a better lubricant , odorless , virtually nick-proof and efficient.I have tried virtually every brand available from luxury to inexpensive and Lush tops them all . It is a lotion style cream ... not foaming.My beard is tough and my skin is somewhat sensitive if that helps for informational purpose .
 It 's good but completely overpriced ! I thought it was really good until one day I did n't have it with me and needed to shave and used my Nivea body wash instead and that worked surprisingly well . Now I use the Nivea Active 3 and it works much better than the hydroplane ; it produces less friction , giving me a less irritated shave -LRB- I use a Panasonic wet/dry electric shaver -RRB- . The hydroplane feels really smooth when you first put it on , but after a few passes with my electric shaver , it starts producing friction and I have to reapply another layer ; I do n't have that problem with the Active 3 plus it 's dirt cheap compared to the hydroplane .
 I bought this product , based on the recommendation of a few reviews , when I bought my Panasonic ES8243A Arc IV Nano Men 's Wet/Dry Rechargeable Shaver on Amazon . It does no better than Gillette 's gel foam and costs five times more . The bottle is made of such thick plastic that it is very difficult to squeeze even a `` quarter size '' blob into your hand . Stick with your grocery store favorite , Billy J. is no improvement .
 I agree with all of the other 1 and 2 star reviews here . This stuff is sticky/gooey as hell , clogs your razor , dries out if you take more than 30 seconds to shave , and simply does not work any better than Edge gel . Honestly I would not buy this product if it was $ 4 per bottle , let alone $ 14 .
 I read a review on this product , and am always looking for new shaving products to help with irritation , ingrown hairs , etc. . I rotate shaving creams , soaps , etc. which seems to have some benefit for me , so I bought a tube . It was n't as slick as Creamo , which I really like , and left me with several new ingrown hair problems . Additionally , the gooey stuff clogged both of my double edge razors , making them difficult to rinse between strokes , and adding a lot of time to my morning shave . Do n't let the catchy name fool you . Do n't waste your money on this stuff . There are plenty of good products out there at 1/2 the price .
 Hydroplane is disappointing and expensive . I started DE shaving a few months ago and wish i tried it sooner . I refuse to use a lather brush and have tried a few creams/foams and gels . A good razor with a feather blade and Nivea foam treats my sensitive skin way better than cartridge razors . With this combination i rarely encounter any irritation . Hydroplane = expensive gimmick .
 First day I used this product , it did seem to work as it said . But whether it 's just my skin type or what , I could not comfortably shave with this everyday without irritation , I used this product exactly as it said and I still had a lot of irritation .
 I bought this product when I purchased a Panasonic Electric shaver . I typically use Aveeno shaving gels ; however , in a momentary lapse of judgment , I splurged on this product . The Billy Jealously shave cream is extremely slick , but this does not translate into a closer or more comfortable shave . The product costs 4 times the price of an already premium Aveeno product without any clear benefits . I personally believe the Aveeno product provides a closer and more comfortable shave . Do not waste your money on this product unless you have a personal trust fund and prefer a designer name to a premium product -LRB- Aveeno -RRB- .
 I was swayed by the great reviews . I would n't purchase again . There must be some trick to using it because I can not get as good a shave as with Lab Series or Headslick .
 It is an ok eye cream . The main reason I got this was to help get rid of my dark circles around my eyes and unfortunately I still have them .
 After reading the previous review , I decided to try it , since I was one of those late sleepers , early wakers.I 've tried plenty of eye-bag removing lotins , creams , and ointments , and thinking this was the one , I boughtthis $ 32 small ointment/lotion . I just finished applying it , since I was about to go out with my boyfriend , and it actually made my bags more puffy and dark!I am not at all happy with this product . -RSB- :
 I bought this cream -LRB- not from Amazon -RRB- based on all the good reviews it had . Unfortunately , after two days of using it , it burned my skin and my dark circles became bigger and darker . I do n't know if I am allergic to it or it simply did not work for me , but I would advice to be cautious before buying it ; it is very expensive and unfortunately , once you open it you ca n't return it .
 Used as directed for 10 months - NO change in hair density . Do n't waste your money .
 I recieved this item today and the gel mask is dried up . The other items in the set are fine . Gel mask is useless now .
 I got this on a bet with a buddy , it seems to have no effect . The dieting and exercise worked well though . I excersised and dieted with the same regiment I did last year . but added this product . No difference that I can see . -LRB- Used on stomach only . -RRB-
 I love the idea that this is an all natural mascara + has organic ingredients but nothing artifical or chemicals !! This is the tipe of mascara which lengthens the lashes not volumises it -LRB- I think Dr. Hauschka does n't make that kind -RRB- . When it 's time to wash it off it comes off very easy -LRB- spares your lashes -RRB- . This is a follow up on my previous review : When I 'd been using this mascara for about 2 weeks I noticed that it started to flake except for some reason the flakes ended up in my eyes , not on my cheek or under my eyes . First I did n't know it was the mascara . . I thought something went into my eyes but every single time I applied , it happened . Not straight away . . but in about 2-3 hours later . . This was very frustrating ... I tried to put less of this product on my lashes but then I looked like I had nothing on . At this point I still had some flaking , not as bad as before , but it was still enough to hurt my eyes . . so I just stopped using this product all together.The reasons why I gave 2 stars for this product instead of 1 because it 's natural , organic and cruelty free -LRB- Dr. H does n't experiment on animals -RRB- ... and I appriciate those facts.I really wanted to like this product so I am very disappointed , it was n't cheap either . Dr. Hauschka need to improve the quality of this product .
 I only wore it once and I wound up with dark circles under my eyes within an hour ! I looked horrible . This stuff just wo n't stay on . They should discontinue it : -LRB-
 I like Dr. Hauschka 's other products , but the minute I put this mascara on , it flaked into my eyes and was quite irritating . It continued to flake into my eyes and onto my face throughout the night . Too bad -- it was expensive !
 I buy this product every 3 months . Usually you have to remove the foil safety seal on the inside of the bottle , however when I received the lotion from them this past Friday , there was no seal , and it felt like half the bottle was missing . I will be filing a complaint with Amazon today .
 If you are willing to dish out 35 dollars on a moisturizer , know that there are much better products out there . This one , at least in my opinion , missed its mark.To start off , I use Billy Jealousy everything ! From Sucker Punch to About Face , I am in love with this line . So of course it only made sense for me to try this moisturizer out seeing as how I think Combination Code is amazing . I mean , how different could it be from that?I washed my face as usual before putting a small amount of this product in my hands . I dabbed it on lightly all over my face at first and then used the pads of my fingers to rub it in . What I noticed first was the gritty texture of the creme . It was very abrasive , especially considering it was a moisturizer , not a scrub!The smell hit me second . It was just terrible . I am trying to think of something comparable to this smell , but I simply ca n't . At this point , I was done with this product as far as regular use was concerned . I did keep in on for the rest of the day though , and I found even more reason to dislike it . My face was so shiny after an hour or so that I was embarrassed to be seen in public.So , lets recap . It scratched my face , smelled terrible , and gave my face an oily and greasy look . That is three strikes , and this product was in the trash.In conclusion
 I thought I had orderd a bottle of SPRAY Parfume for $ 55.00 - plus , I paid $ 10.00 xtra to have is rushed b4 Christmas.It arrived , in an OPENED BOX - and it was SPLASH ON.Most all of us ladies know , there is a world of difference in frangrance when SPLASHING on or SPRAY . Hence why I orderd the Spray , Well - dealing with BEAUTIFUL PERFUMES was un-pleasant , I returned the perfume -LRB- THAT WAS PREVIVIOUSL OPENED -RRB- prior to getting it . I was told they would charge a HEFTY RESTOCKING fee -LRB- for what ? -RRB- putting the opened box back on there shelf ? THEN I ASKED IF THEY COULD JUST SEND ME WHAT I PAID $ 55.00 for , the SPRAY PARFUME . They said NO because I ordered via AMAZON . No further assistance was offered . In my opinion , they were very cold and could have cared less if they helped me or not . Which utlimately they did not.I 'm still waiting to see how much they re-emburse my cc for . I sent the package back via FED-EX Tracking w/signature to -LRB- CMA -RRB- . Would NEVER buy again if I saw that this vender BEAUTIFUL PERFUMES was the store front .
 I 'm a lip gloss junkie . i love frosty sparkly glosses and of the hundred or so -LRB- probably more than 100 -RRB- i 've tried , although i 've often not liked the color i 've never tried one that was `` dry '' . . so when i read the other review i thought she must have dry lips or something . however this gloss is D R Y ! . . i just put it on and it feels old like if i touch my lips together they kind of stick a bit . i 'm not sure what ingredient is doing that but it just feels yucky and i 'm throwing it away . a great sparkly gloss if you want to try is girls dig pearls by benefit by and channel glossamer also loreal has a great sparkly one but i forget the name . .
 So one day I forgot my Revlon RV484 dryer when I went to the gym . No problem since there are communal hair dryers I can use . That day I found out how underpowered this HD was compared to other 1875w dryers out there.My hair is thick with a slight wave to it . I like to get it as straight and `` clean '' as I can . I do n't like frizz , I do n't go crazy with styling , I do n't do the ` just out of bed ' look either . I had been using this dryer for a little over 2 years with the concentrator.While true enough , it did dry my hair and I could get it relatively straight -LRB- as long as it is n't very humid -RRB- , it took quite a bit of time and fussing to get it that way . And by the time I was done , I had a bunch of small hairs going every which-way on the top of my head that I would need to smooth over with product.If I needed my hair perfect , like if we were going out , that means I left it in a Turbie for 30-45 min instead of my usual day-to-day 10 min . That way it comes out relatively straight with little frizz -LRB- again , dependant on humidity -RRB- I guess if you take that into consideration , this works fine if you have loads of time in the morning . Me ? I like my sleep.Now , the air was hot enough but the amount of air that was coming out was not , even on the high speed -LRB- which it was on for 2 years ! -RRB- . I wish I would have figure that out back then and exchanged it for something else.There were two features on the dryer that I could not tell you what they do , they never seemed to work or show a difference in styling for me
 I 've had this hair dryer for a while and the biggest issue I have with it is that regardless of the heat setting , it dries out my hair . Badly . Also , the attachments have a tendency to fall off which is a problem when you 're mid-drying and it 's too hot to put back on . I 'm finally getting around to replacing it so that my hair stops getting damaged !
 I do n't know if the dryer I bought was just defective or something , but it was loud and put out very little air for as loud as it was . High speed was not a high speed . Air leaked where the cord attached , so back it went . Bought a Conair online and am very pleased with that .
 I had this hair dryer for less than 1 year . The other day it starting shorting out and then suddenly sparks starting flying out of the spot where the cord enters the handle of the dryer , melting part of the cord . Fortunately , nothing caught fire ! I replaced the dryer with a non-Revlon product .
 I bought this dryer based on reviews . I have had it about 2 months now and every time I use it the handle gets so hot that I actually get 1st degree burns on my palm . I am trashing this and getting a new non revlon dryer . Stay away !!!!!!
 I have had 2 of these . After about a year , first one burned a hole in the cord where the cord and handle meet . I made the mistake of replacing it with the same model hair dryer . This hair dryer only lasted 6 months and the electric cord started becoming detached from the hair dryer on the inside , causing interruptions in air flow while drying my hair . After 2 with bascially the same problem , I chose to replace the second one with a Conair . Hope to have better luck with a different brand ...
 I purchased this dryer only a couple months ago and it 's already overheating and shutting off . I carefully keep the lint filters clean , but it does n't help . It does n't work as well as my old Remington dryer , either .
 I got this blow dryer to replace an old one thinking it was the same brand because both were around $ 20 . This one is much much worse . The dryer gets too hot and because the air flow is not strong enough , you end up burning your hair instead of drying it . If the fan was stronger I think there would be less of a chance to burn the hair , and it would cause less pain on the scalp . Also because it does n't really blow dry -LRB- just gets hot -RRB- it takes longer to actually dry the hair.Steer clear of this blow dryer . Not worth the pain and money .
 I 've had this hair dryer for approximately 6 months and just noticed , as others have , that it is sparking . It 's really too bad , because up until the time I thought I might be electrocuted , I liked how fast it dried my hair and the condition of my hair after drying .
 A few months after purchasing , the HIGH setting became LOW and the dryer began shooting sparks out of it . This dryer is a fire hazard and does not function properly . Purchase at your own risk .
 As stated in some of the other reviews . I too had a HUGE problem with this hair dryer . Although it worked well before it shorted out . My dryer also had sparks flying and a shortage in the wiring at the connection where the dryer meets the cord . It over heated , melted and sparks were coming out of it . Luckily my children were not using this when it happened . Please do not buy !!
 I had been using this hairdryer daily for about a year or so ... until today . As I was holding it above my head , drying my hair , I heard a pop . A few sparks flew out the end and into my hair and the whole thing shut off . As it turns out , the area where the cord attaches to the handle got so hot that it melted through the plastic coating , exposing about a half-inch of singed wires . A tad bit dangerous if you asked me ! Granted , I used this dryer on the highest heat setting everyday for a year , so I got a lot of use out of it , but every other hairdryer I 've had in the past simply blows cold air when it stops working properly -- this one could 've caused me bodily harm . I think I may look into buying a different brand this time around .
 On the 5TH DAY of use EVER , this drier burned off a WHOLE SECTION of my hair ! I smelled burning and turned off the drier , ran my hand over my hair and the whole section fell to the floor ! The hairs were scorched and melted together . My hairdresser always comments on the great health of my long hair , I 've never processed it , I never even get split ends , so that 's not even an issue here . I bought this drier because my last Revlon drier was great . Never again ! I 've complained to Revlon , still waiting to hear from them .
 I loved it at first ... I thought it was GOOD that it got so hot that my hair held its shape better . Gradually I started noticing more and more breakage from the heat damage . OK , do n't use it on the highest setting , lesson learned . After about a month of not quite daily use , the thing started shooting out SPARKS . I 'm not about to aim something that does that at my head . So ... it never died , but it did become possessed , so some element of the afterlife is definitely evident . This thing is a hair-singeing , spark-shooting weapon , folks . If you buy it , use it for something other than what it was designed for or you 'll be bald and blind !!!
 Okay , maybe not exactly explode , but very close . After my 20 + year old Conair blow dryer was literally falling apart -LRB- but still working ! -RRB- , I decided it was time to treat myself to a new blow dryer a couple of weeks ago . I have very thick , long , wavy hair that I usually let dry naturally after drying my bangs -LRB- maybe 5 minutes -RRB- . Yesterday I thought it would be nice to dry the whole mess and use the iron on it - something I may do once a month because of the time and effort it takes . I kick it up to the high setting and become aware of a `` hot '' smell after a couple of minutes , but think that since I do n't use this setting very often , it 's just using coils it does n't usually use - wrong ! Soon it pops , hisses , and glows a nice yellow-red color before shutting off . I then realize that even the grip is hot and that the snake of smoke coming out of the end of the blow dryer is a death knell for my brand new device ! I hope that maybe it 'll work again after cooling off , much to my husband 's amusement who said that smell only comes with electronic death , but no , it 's forever dead .
 I am not sure if I got a dud one or not but my experience goes like this . For the first two months of owning this hair dryer , it did a fine job . Nothing out of the ordinary -- dried my hair just fine . The last time I used it , I noticed the general smell of burning hair when I was done . The dryer did not feel overly hot so I was n't sure what happend . The next thing I noticed was the floor of my bathroom . There was alot more hair on the floor than usual . Upon closer inspection , I felt sick to my stomach . I noticed that there were actual clumps of hair that had fallen out -- including the root . They smelled like burning hair . There were sections that had 10 hairs clumped together by the burned root . I was scared . Needless to say , I am running out today to buy a new hairdryer . Because of the burning smell , I know the hairdryer is to blame rather than a medical condition or something else environmental . Do yourself a favor and purchase a different hair dryer .
 Mine stopped working in less than 3 months . As I was drying my hair it all of the sudden stopped . Nothing I could do would make it turn back on . It was n't that expensive but I do expect it to last longer than 3 months .
 Beware that after some use of this dryer , the cord loosens at its connection to the body of the dryer . If you lose power just once due to a loose cord connection , STOP using immediately . I did n't . I wiggled the cord and it started blowing hot air again . The next event was flames shooting out at me through the spot where the cord exits the body of the hair dryer . It is not only very scary when you have flames shooting at your face , hair , and clothing , but needless to say , very dangerous.When this dryer works , it is great , but this is not the only review reporting fireworks shooting out of the cord connection .
 Handle get burning hot after a few minutes of use ! Scary ! I have to turn it off and let the handle cool down so I can finish drying my medium length hair .
 The 1st time the hair dyer went up in flames at the part where the cord attaches to the hair dyer I thought it was a one time thing . I bought a 2nd one and only months later the same thing happened . I am sure the hair dyer is defective so buyers beware .
 The first time my husband used this dryer , it seemed great . It had lots of power on high . A little while after he had finished using it , he noted that the barrel stayed hot for a long time after it was off . A few days later when I was drying my daughter 's hair on high power , the dryer suddenly lost power . The high power had suddenly become almost low power but not quite . I also noticed a smell coming from the dryer . Reading through past reviews , I 'm just glad my hair dryer did n't throw off sparks or catch on fire . When I read through the instruction manual , there was a section that stated that the hair dryer had an internal thermometer that would cause the hair dryer to cut power if it became too hot . My dryer managed to reach that too hot temperature in less than a minute of use . Do n't waste your money on this hair dryer !
 I 've actually owned three of these ! I love the first one , lasted about a year . I bought another one thinking I use it every day so I 'm probably not going to have a blowdryer last for several years . The second one only lasted about 8 months and my third crapped out after 3 days . Never again .
 I do not do reviews , except when I believe they are needed . In this case , it is needed ! I used this dryer for about the past 1-2 years . Not that much trouble out of it . It did overheat . I would let it cool off and begin using it again . Then last week , I was using it and sparks came out of the thing !!! Yes , sparks ! I could n't believe it . I believe that this thing should be recalled , so I contacted Revlon . Revlon wanted no part of it . They told me to contact Helen of Troy . I did that . Now , I am waiting for a reply . I have also contacted the consumer safety commission . I am basically begging for a recall . Please do not buy this hair dryer . After contacting Revlon , I will not buy anything Revlon . -LRB- I am David 's wife . The Amazon account is in his name . -RRB-
 I just bought this and opened it up . I thought it would be good as I have fine long hair.I used it for about 10 minutes and something popped and it sounded different - I looked inside and it was red hot and started smoking . It may have spit out sparks as I felt something hit my head . I thought , this thing is going to light my head on fire.It is brand new and it wo n't work.Everytime I turn it on it starts to heat up and smokes.I have a wonderful Revlon hair dryer that works great , so I thought it would be good . The one I have is n't ionic and wanted to try it , guess I 'll go back to the old one.Don ' t buy it .
 I was limited in choice in buying a new hairdryer after mine died , since I was at a grocery store and needed one immediately . I bought this dryer and I believe it was around $ 23 . Last night I went to use it and I was pleased with the weight of it , it was a lot lighter than my old one . I have very thick , long , healthy , naturally curly hair and drying/straightening can take a while so weight matters.After reading the instructions that came with the dryer , I began with the heat on the highest setting as instructed and drying my hair with a round metal vented brush as normal . I started out with the air concentrator on the dryer but decided after a minute or two that I did n't want it on there so I went to take it off . It was very hot so I had to hold it with a towel to remove it . I began drying my hair again and within two minutes I noticed a horrible smell . I looked at my brush and the dryer and my sink and saw that the dryer had burned off whole sections of my hair ! It was everywhere and when I called my husband in to see what had happened he was in shock ! Charred hair was all over the place , both long sections burned off near the root and smaller curled burnt pieces from the ends , and the stench was overpowering.I finished drying my hair on the low heat setting and it actually came out fine but now I am too scared of this dryer to ever use it again . I will be writing a complaint to Revlon and returning the item to the store . There is no way I am going to pay to ship it back to them AND enclose money for a replacement after it melted off chunks of my hair . I would n't want another one of these even if it was free ! I would not recommend this dryer to anyone and if you already have it I would never use the high heat setting , even if that is what you normally use . My hair is not fine or thin and no dryer I have ever had has burned my hair before . This dryer is DANGEROUS !!!
 I purchased model #RV 484 Ionic Revlon Dryer -LRB- grey & maroon color -RRB- . While I was drying my hair , it sparked fire out of the back of the unit . I have read online that many people have experienced the same situation . They have contacted Revlon without good customer service . The company wants us ot pay $ 20 to pack it up and ship the unit in . DO N'T BUY ANY REVLON DRYERS , many other models have done the same . Some people have burnt their hair !!!!
 I have had this hair dryer for a few years , and it has served me well up until now . Just this morning I was blow drying my hair when sparks began to fly out of the dryer , into my hair and onto the floor . In shock , I threw the dryer to the ground where it continued to spark and hiss a few more times until it died . I figured it must have reached it 's end after a long life of use , but after reading some of the other reviews here I am surprised to learn that this has happened to others , and so soon after their purchase . Please stay away from this hair dryer unless you want to be scared out of your wits when you least expect it and risk burning off a part of your hair -LRB- or carpet -RRB- .
 I had this dryer for 2 months and the handle got too hot to hold after about one minute , then the handle starting melting because it was too hot and then , it smelled like something was burning . I lost my receipt , so I called the company and they replaced it . I am afraid that I am going to have the same problem . This was a definite piece of garbage and I am sorry that I bought it . I wish the company had refunded my money . I bought a Conair in the interim and love that dryer . Do not get this one . It is horrible .
 The fact that this hair dryer broke after 2 months of moderate and careful use is bad enough , but what is worse is the way it broke
 I bought this dryer less than one year ago and used it every other day . I am not a rough user and other dryers have lasted me 10 + years . On this model , partof the on - off slide plastic button cracked off , making it unusable . Button seems to be made from be less than durable plastic . The hairdryer when working , did n't do as good a job as my little travel hair dryer that is only 1250 watts.Looking at the review of others and my own experience it is a no - brainer that I wo n't buy this one again . Ca n't understand the disconnect between user reviews and my own experience versus high ratings for this model in Consumer Reports .
 Why is it that Amazon continues to sell this obviously dangerous product when clearly 1/3 of all reviews relate to the electrical hazard ? I wrote a similar review years ago addressing the popping and sparking problem , the frayed hot cord at the point the cord attaches to the handle , and other issues I was having with this . People are talking about fire and burned hair , for God 's sake , and Amazon does n't think they have a responsibility to retract this item from their inventory ! Liability , Amazon ????
 I purchased this product and within one week there was no warm/hot air at all . Only cold air . Save your money .
 feel disappoint with this hair dryer . It 's too loud and not strong enough to blow my hair . I would not recommend this .
 I 've been using this hair dryer for about a year and half , purchased it after my last dryer stopped working . Liked the different settings it offered and figured Revlon would have a quality hair dryer . Thought the ion & ceremic features would be key for giving me , as we all hope for ... healthy & beautiful hair . Well over a year ago I started noticing one side of my hair getting split ends , dry and thin . I was attributing it to hairdressers thinning my thick hair with these special cutting shears or possibly that the highlighting of my hair had taken its toll after 6 years of coloring so it was drying it out . Or possibly more gray hair coming in , plus hair can change as you age . I would point this out to hairdressers but no one seemed to have the right answer to fix the problem , I even had them stop thinning it with the shears to hopefully stop the split end look but it did n't make a difference . I used to stick with one hairdresser for at least 3 to 5 years until I needed a change , yet now I was jumping to a new one after each color and cut because I was not happy with my hair . Well a month ago I took this hairdryer on a trip with us because the hotel hair dryers are weak and slow . When we got back I could not find it , and thought it was left behind in the hotel , so I pulled out a 10 year old Conair 1600 watt hair dryer to use temporarily . Well my hair was soft and healthy looking after just one use , it was amazing . After a few weeks I discovered a bag that had not been unpacked and found this Revlon dryer . Decided to give it another try , well my hair was frizzy and dry after only one use ! My 11 year old daughter says she hates the hair dryer and it leaves her hair frizzy too . I ca n't believe I never thought the culprit was this hairdryer . I 've used about 15 or more hair dryers in my life and never experienced such a problem . Please DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT !!!
 I started out really liking this dryer but after a few weeks it would overheat within seconds and send out a spark that would actually burn my hair . It would singe it at the roots and burn off clumps of hair . Then it would be cool for a minute and overheat again . I did n't notice a difference with the Ion option but this is my first dryer with that option so I ca n't compare it to others . Other reviews seem to be great so I may have gotten a faulty one but be careful .
 On the first use -LRB- following their instruction booklet exactly -RRB- , this dryer burned off whole sections of my hair . After complaining to Revlon , I was instructed to contact the manufacturer , Helen of Troy . Frankly , if you 're going to put your name on something my feeling is that you should stand by the product yourself and not send consumers on a wild goose chase to track down the responsible party!Instead I contacted the US Consumer Product Safety Commission via email and I received a phonecall from them . They sent an agent out to my home , purchased this dangerous dryer for cash , took pictures of all the burnt hair -LRB- yes , I saved all evidence -RRB- and I expect as there are many complaints about this product they will soon recall it.Don ' t buy this dryer or any other Revlon hair products . They are faulty and Revlon does not care about customer service , either .
 This dryer ruined my hair !!! At first , after I bought it , I really liked how quickly it dried my hair . After using it every day for about 8 days , I noticed a strange smell , but did n't know what it was . -LRB- It did n't smell like burning hair , more like home perm solution . -RRB- I switched from high heat -LRB- which had been fine with my Conair -RRB- to the medium setting , and the smell went away , but the damage continued . I have medium length fine straight hair , and the ends became dry and frizzy and began to break off . After a month , my hair has turned to brittle straw , wo n't curl , and is breaking all over . Also , I color my hair with semi-permanent coloring , and the now frizzy ends absorb more of the coloring , giving a strange look . I realize now that this dryer was working so quickly because it was WAY too hot , even on the medium setting . Not sure if the ions were a factor , but it does n't matter . After reading the other reviews here , I feel lucky not to have experienced sparks or flames . I 'm getting a short cut and a new dryer and waiting for my hair to grow out . I 'm extremely upset , and definitely will not purchase another Revlon product .
 I have curly , medium-length hair.I bought this dryer in the begining of the year thinking it would produce less frizz . After using it for 6 months -LRB- always on the warm settling , not hot -RRB- , it fried my hair . My hair has never been this dry and unmanagable . Since the dryer was the only thing I changed in my hair-care regiment , I figured that was the answer . When I could n't stand it any more , I started using my old non-ionic blow dryer . Within two weeks , I noticed my hair was n't as dry and frizzy . I hate this dryer because of all the damage it did to my hair . And , although I did not experience the sparks , it short-circuit on me on a weekly basis.I do n't recommend this product to anyone , especially for people with curly , think hair .
 I have owned this dryer for about 6 months . Over the last few months I have noticed the ends of my hair have been dry , frizzy and brittle . My hair has never been like this before . This morning while drying my hair , I noticed a bad smell and then saw clumps of hair with the ends melted together on the floor and bathroom counter . This dryer is a hazard and I can not believe they are still selling them with all the other complaints I have read about them that date back to 2006 ! Do n't buy this product !
 Mine caught fire this morning - also at the spot where the cord meets the dryer . Pop , fire , and a singed wrist ... I dropped it on the floor , which is luckily tile , so it only left a black mark rather than catching the floor on fire . What is up with this dryer ????
 I decided to try an inexpensive hair dryer for the first time since money was tight , and now I really regret it . I have very thick long hair and it took the hair dryer much longer to dry my hair than my old one . After a couple uses I noticed the smell of burning hair and thought maybe it was a little too hot but my hair seemed fine so I did n't really worry about it . Then I began to notice after I showered and started to comb my wet hair a lot more hair than normal was falling out . It was falling out in thick strands which has never happened to me before . I thought maybe it was stress or horomones since I recently had a baby but the more I used the dryer I realized the intense heat was burning off and damaging my hair ! Even now that I 've stopped using it my hair is still fragile from the dryer and still comes out in clumps after I shower . Please stay away from this dryer ! I 'm glad mine never shot sparks like the other reviews I saw but it does n't surprise me .
 I used this dryer for approximately two years and had no complaints until yesterday ... Without any warning , it caught on fire as I was dryng my hair . Fortunatley , I reacted quickly and threw it down without it harming my hair , head or anything else . This product is extremely dangerous and should be recalled off of the market immediately.Revlon Amber Waves 1,875-watt Ion Dryer
 I purchased this dryer about 6 months ago , and today when I was using it it started shooting out sparks . I looked it up on google and this has happened to a lot of people . It 's even started shooting out flames and caused house fires when it 's just PLUGGED IN and not even turned on . Just do n't buy it , its dangerous .
 My wife purchased this hair dryer six weeks ago . Last week the high fan speed setting started acting like the low speed setting . The fan was barely spinning on max . So I opened it up and it looks like they used a questionable motor among other things . Turning it on with the thing open and after 2-3 seconds the smell of fried components is immediately noticeable . The electric motor is pretty exposed to dust and debris which is probably the reason that it started failing .
 At this point , most hair dryers are fairly equal in their ability to dry hair . So , I was looking for a model that would be quiet and hopefully not expose my ears to as much damage as the regular hair dryer . This model highlighted being quiet as a feature.Totally untrue . It was significantly noisier than my old Conair dryer which cost the same . I will not trust Revlon again.Buy it only if you want dry hair and limited hearing .
 I wish I had read further down the reviews before I bought this myself . I read the first few reviews at the time & everyone seemed to love it . Indeed , I loved it when I first got it , so much so that I bought a second one to have should this one burn out -LRB- that happened to me once on vacation !! -RRB- . Over time , I noticed my hair was becoming brittle and coarse and was thinning out . I attributed it to a new medication I was taking . My curly hair actually turned straight because of this medication and now I assumed my hair was continuing to morph into brittleness and falling out due to the meds . I also noticed that whenever my hair dresser cuts & blows out my hair , I have soft `` normal '' hair . I thought it was her hair products that gave that result . While ordering this as a gift for someone recently , I noticed the many negative reviews which described exactly what had happened to MY hair too ! I bought a new different brand of hair dryer and my hair has now been restored to normal , soft shiny hair just like when my hair dresser does it . While mine has never burned out or sparked , it does shoot out smoke now and then , but not often . Stay away from this blow dryer . It will ruin your hair .
 I would not recommend this dryer for two very MAJOR reasons.Number 1
 While I really liked the dryer 's performance and the flexibility of using it with either the concentrator or diffuser attachments it came with , I 'm really disappointed that it 's burned out and inoperable after using it -LRB- not even daily or at the highest setting ! -RRB- for under two weeks.Like another reviewer , I 've waited a few days and tried resetting the plug and any outlet that I plug it into -LRB- all the outlets work with other appliances -RRB- and this dryer is definitely dead after a very brief run . Since people are having such widely varied results , I can only wonder as to the manufacturer 's quality control process , possibly letting through a few too many faulty machines ...
 Ion Electrostatic precipitators release small doses of ozone as a byproduct , ozone is toxic and can eat away at the tissue of your lungs .
 this is the worst hair dryer ever!i had to wait about 2 weeks for it to come in and i was very happy when it finally came in to find out moments later that it doesnt work!i went to turn it on and nothing happendi did exacly what the directions said but it just didnt work.do not buy this peice of crap !!!!!!
 I use to love this hair dryer , I even bought it twice ... but both times it just nearly killed me ... the first time I thought it was a freak accident . . but after the second time of a flame shooting out and a loud pop and then sparks everywhere I figuring it time to switch brands . . maybe someone from revlon will read this and offer a refund or a least a recall . . if this had happened while i was drying my 2 year olds hair he would of freaked out and probably never let me near him to dry his hair . . or worse he could of been really hurt !
 I have long , curly , fine , frizzy hair that I like to blow dry straight . I ordered this dryer because the promise of smoother , shinier , softer hair sounded great . I really could n't tell much difference in the texture of my hair with this dryer . If anything , it was harder to straighten my hair with it than with my old non-ionic dryer . It definitely took longer to dry my hair with this dryer . This dryer did n't get nearly as hot as my old dryer of the same wattage . I think the ionic button is just a gimmick . I sent this dryer back and will continue to use my old one until it dies completely .
 I got this blow dryer hoping that my frizzy hair would dry faster and get less frizzy ... it took much longer to blow-dry my hair and the ionic thing does nothing for it . Overall , it 's not that great .
 I rarely ever write customer reviews , but this one seemed to warrant it . Here goes : If you want a hair dryer that BURNS OFF YOUR HAIR AND CAN POTENTIALLY MAKE YOU BALD , this hair dryer is for you ! For a waste of $ 18 - $ 21 American , YOU TOO CAN BE A 21 YEAR-OLD FEMALE WITH SYMPTOMS OF FEMALE PATTERN BALDNESS !!!! WOW!This little hottie also turns healthy , beautiful hair into crispy , damaged sh & * -- EVEN WHEN YOU HOLD THE DAMNED THING 6 INCHES AWAY FROM YOUR HEAD!But wait , there 's more!Wait just a few years until this baby shoots out sparks from both ends of the body AT 6 A.M. one fine Monday morning -LRB- like it did for me this morning -RRB- , and RISK BOTH BURNING OFF MASSIVE CHUNKS OF YOUR HAIR * AND * SEVERELY BURNING YOUR RIGHT HAND/CAUSING A FACIAL DEFORMITY VIA AN ELECTICAL SPARK ! YES!The lesson of the day is
 Dryer worked fine for about a year and a half until one day , it powered off mid-dry . I figured I had accidentally shut it off with my thumb -LRB- since the control buttons are so poorly placed -RRB- . The next day , halfway through my drying , it sparked and smoked . It was terrifying !
 I 've had two Revlon hairdryers over the past year and this one worked better than the subsequent one . I think I may have escaped burning my hair by taking the back filter off of it ; my dryer also sparked but I realized it was because it was overheating . Taking the filter off the back creates better air intake and I guess fixed the problem -LRB- and I avoided , apparently , setting my hair on fire -RRB- . Of course , you should n't have to do this , and doing so creates further problems . The filter is there to keep your hair from being sucked into the back of the hairdryer , so for the rest of its life I had to be insanely careful of how I held it . Unfortunately , even my drastic efforts did n't save it -- it only lasted about six months . The transformer somehow stopped working.The worst part of my experience is that I bought another one , albeit a different model . I tend to blame technical difficulties on user error , but I can see in this case I was not alone . Do n't buy this hairdryer ; better yet , try another brand .
 Only had this for 6 months and it died . I have short hair and only used this once a day . VERY disappointed with the quality of this item !
 Have had two of the Revlon Quiet hair dryers . The first one , an earlier model , lasted about a year before the switch stopped working.The new one , current model , lasted about 4 months before it too stopped working . The front edge of the dryer has melted in a couple of spots from the heat of the dryer -- could be potentially dangerous.Revlon does n't respond to email complaints .
 It is weak ! Yes , it 's hot , but the flow of the hair dryer is very poor . No wonder it 's quiet . Because the 1875 Watts is being used to generate heat , not blow air . It was pretty disappointing ...
 I do n't know how this got positive reviews from others . Yes , it was remarkably quiet - but it was n't doing much more to dry my hair than if someone blew on it . Usually , my hair dries in 10 minutes - after 30 minutes this still had n't dried my hair and I switched to finish drying it with my husbands . Maybe mine was defective , since other reviews claimed it dried quickly . I was disappointed because the quietness was amazing - it just seems too good to be true .
 I have frizzy curly hair and have used separate diffusers for years . I thought I would try something new with this hair dryer . I have had terrible experiences with it . It takes twice as long to dry my hair and honestly , my hair is frizzier . The only bright spot is my curls are better than usual , but I have lost all my volume . Maybe it was just me , but I do not recommend this item .
 Worst dryer I 've ever purchased , especially for the price ! The high setting is necessary to dry my thick , curly hair -- however that setting also overheats almost immediately and also blows all the curl out . The low setting keeps the curl but is cool and takes forever . If I had purchased this as a cheap discount item from a big box store I 'd simply throw it away , but have so much invested in it I feel I have to continue to use it before I can justify shopping for another , meanwhile hating it every time I dry my hair !
 I didnt buy this product off amazon but i did buy the same exact one in the store . I have thick long hair . it does not work and it doesnt heat up very hot at all . there are only certain settings . i wouldnt recommend spenging your money on this product at all . a waving curling iron if you are looking for great results is something you might want to plan on spenging a little extra money for .
 It 's probably best to invest in a higher quality . Also , the thing that 's supposed to keep the hot part up is on backwards , so it puts it directly on whatever surface you put it on .
 I was not happy with this curling iron . I have thick hair , and it did not even make a dent in my hair . It does not get very hot , which is why it did not work on my hair . If you have thick hair I would not waste your money on this .
 Vidal Sasson VS184C Gold Series Professional Three-Barrel WaverThis product is a waste of money , it overheats and smokes and burns out your hair . This product is a household hazard and do not recommend this to anyone !
 I ordered the three-barrel waver iron after seeing it on `` The Real World . '' And it 's ... ok . I was imaginging beautiful curls ala Jennifer Aniston at the Golden Globes and I got two weak little waves . They were barely better than a rubber band crimp !
 I bought this after using a friends hot tools curler.I will return it , it just gave me a crimped , poodle style effect . Stay away from this one , unless you like to look like you stuck your finger in a light socket !
 For some reason I was expecting a bit more of a curl . Instead , I ended up with a flashback to 4th grade and the crimping iron . This did n't give curls , it just crimps on a larger scale . I felt much like my parents ' poodle after just a few sections . If you 're looking for a wider crimped look , this is perfect . If you 're looking for ' a head full of luscious curls ' as advertised , you 're out of luck .
 Ugh ! I was excited to use this when I received it some years ago but was very disappointed with the results . The `` waves '' come out very unnatural looking , more like a cross between a crimp and a curl . In fact , I think I 'd actually prefer using a crimper over this thing , if you can imagine that ! Just very unflattering . The barrels ' size is just much too thin and I think if it had a thicker barrel it might be nice . However , the iron only has 2 heat settings also , which is a big minus . If you have VERY thin , fine hair this might be OK -LRB- well , just not AS bad -RRB- , but if your hair is normal or as thick as mine , DO N'T EVEN TRY IT ! I would go for the Revlon 3-barrel Jumbo Waver over this -LRB- or something similar looking -RRB- , which I think I 'm about to try -LRB- the barrels seem alot thicker and better placed I think I could achieve the natural wavy look I 'm trying for -RRB- . But pass on this VS product .
 I 'm not sure if either I 'm completely inept at doing my hair or this thing is just incredibly tricky to use . Nonetheless , the result that I 've gotten has been very disappointing . I definitely would n't recommend this iron to someone who is not used to spending a lot of time on their hair and is very skilled at using all kinds of hair appliances . I think that this item will now sit in a closet never to be seen again ...
 I have long straight hair and was tired of the same old look . So I figured hang up the flat iron and get me a 3 barrel waver . Was so excited to achieve a different hairstyle than my usual without having to pull out the curling iron -LRB- and 11/2 hours -RRB- . I ended up purchasing the VS waver due to the good price soon to find out that there is a reason that the price is so low - the thing does n't work !!! It did nothing for my hair . It didnt give me waves at all . Nothing . I even tried holding it in my hair longer . But that did n't work either . Would put it in my hair and count to 30 before moving it and if anything it made my hair frizz at that point . I do not recomend this for anyone that does not have hair that is just super easy to curl . Because chances are , unless your hair takes to heat REALLY well , this will do nothing for you but add to your day 's frustration and damage your hair .
 This is just like a crimper , and that , we already have . Not sure if a more expensive one would do the trick or not but I am no longer interested .
 When I first bought this waver , I was very excited . All of my friends `` wave '' their hair and I wanted to try it . When I started using this , my friend warned me three-barrel wavers do n't work very well and take a very long time . I blew off her negativity only to find that she was correct . As soon as I started using it , even with Big Sexy Hair hairspray -LRB- which works sooo well -RRB- my waves fell out when I was almost done . They looked cheap , thin , and unatrractive . It took me an HOUR to do this and it was a waist of my time . My dissapointment is overwhelming and I look foward to buying a new waver with the help of amazon reviews !
 I used a friend 's triple barrel fancy curling iron . I got lovely clean waves that still left my hair shiny but gave me waves , like the bird in the Pantene ad who is wandering down the stairs . It was fab . This nonsense made my hair frizzy and did n't really give me waves but a really ugly ball of mess.All in all , it was pretty rubbish . Do n't recommend it . Another bloody hair implement destined for the basket of no use !
 I am a Professional platform artist . I have been trying out various irons so that I may promote the tools that work to my clientele , from all around the United States , which of them was the smart buy . Plain and simple this iron does not work . Stay far away !
 Vidal Sasson VS184C Three-Barrel Waver is an ok product and it does what it 's supposed to do . It makes nice waves in my hair which has gotten me many compliments . However , this product is very cheaply made despite the Vidal Sasson name . One would expect quality from this item but that 's not the case . The first time I used the Waver , the little black plastic grip piece on the handle that opens the barrel broke off . Also because of the poor positioning of the heat setting switch , my thumb constantly hits against it and because of this I unknowingly end up turning down the temperature or turning the Waver off while I 'm using it . Now I have electrical tape where the broken off plastic grip used to be so that I do n't burn my thumb and I also put some around the temperate switch so that it can keep it 's position without the fear of it sliding down into the low or off position.It 's a shame that the quality is so bad because , like I said before , it produces some nice waves . I 'll be getting another waver but not a Vidal Sasson .
 I have really thick , hard to curl , dry , asian hair . This iron did not work for me at all . The iron did not get hot enough to do anything . I guess it would work if I did small one-inch sections , but I have so much hair , it 's just not worth the time . The waves it did create were fizzy and ugly.My friend , who has thin hair , uses this iron all the time and it works great.I recommend the Hot Tools Deep Waver . It worked a lot better on my hair and created well defined waves .
 When I first saw this waver and the GREAT price , I decided to overlook the negative reviews and try it out for myself . I originally wanted to go with the hot tools three barrel waver , but this SEEMED like a better buy . PLEASE do not follow my footsteps.When I first got my package , I saw that this was not the same waver I had ordered . I was thinking that I would be receiving the waver in the photo - with a gold coating . Instead I received a waver with a metal coating . This coating is HORRIBLE . It has a texture that makes you hair stick to the waver -LRB- not smooth at all -RRB- which makes it very difficult to slide your hair down.Then when I turned it on , I used the high setting - which was a joke . It was barely warm . I tried to use it on my hair . I have naturally straight , fine hair , which curls very easily . I had to take a tiny section of hair , clamp down with the waver , and hold for about 50 seconds till I can unclamp and move down the strand . There is a cute wave for about five minutes , but regardless of how much product you use , there is simply not enough heat to keep the waves in your hair.PLEASE do n't waste your money on this product !
 This is a lousy product . Earlier , I posted a review explaining that the shortcomings of this product were necessary for the small size . I take it back . Do not order this particular palette . It is n't worth it to send it back . We really should have a zero star option or a negative option.Japonesque offers another palette which is wonderfulJaponesque Lip Palette KitIt is far better quality , contains a cup for melting lipstick , has larger wells and a wonderful size brush , small but not too small . The palette itself is also more attractive and a nicer size , not too big , not too little . In fact , I can carry 8 different lipstick colors in less space than one tube of lipstick . I can also blend shades without a whole lot of fuss . I do n't know why every woman does n't have one of these.I ca n't imagine why Japonesque would manufacture the version on this page . The other model is far superior in every way .
 I was looking forward to trying this product . However , when I plugged it in , it ceased working within minutes ! Seems to have a bad connection from the motor to the cord . Very disappointing .
 Two stars is being very generous actually . I bought the first one even after I read the reviews - I turned it on and `` POP '' w / a stark and it was dead ! I never even used it . I returned it for a new one - which worked GREAT for about 3 months - I turned it on one day and NOTHING - I do not believe I will go for # 3 ... I have had other hot brushes last MUCH longer than this one - The ION dryer is nice , but not worth the hassle !
 When I received this product in the mail I was very excited to use it . Unfortunately , after the first use of the product , I was very unsatisfied . The product turns on and off while I am using it , therefore making it defective . I contacted the seller and told them of this problem to try to receive a different one and they responded with that I would be responsible for all the shipping costs . After purchasing this thru that seller , I will never purchase another Vidal Sassoon product again and nothing thru that seller again .
 I recently purchased the VS Sasson curling brush based on the reviews . I used it about 2 weeks , for a brief amount of time -LRB- just used to give a slight flip and fullness on top -RRB- and this morning there was a puff of smoke and it died completely . I have short hair so I certainly did not over work this product . I plan on contacting the company for a refund . Do n't waste your money on this product .
 I have been using hot air stylers similar to this for several years . I was very impressed when I started using this one . My hair felt great . However , it only lasted two months . I usually use the Revlon styler , but I thought I would try something new . My advice is purchase the Revlon brand . They typically last over a year .
 In the last year I 've been through 2 of these things !! They worked great for about 3 months and then all of a sudden they started loosing power and then they made a popping sound and died . They both went the same way . I 've tried to make contact with Vidal Sasoon to replace it , as of yet they have been very unhelpful . I bought the second one thinking i had just gotten a bad on the first time ... it seems they all have the same problem .
 The first one I purchased lasted about 2 weeks , then sparked and smelled like something was burning and quit working . Exchanged it for another one - it lasted about 3 weeks - then the same thing . Have now purchased a different brand . Would not recommend this product .
 I bought one and it worked great . At first it 's hard to manuever because it 's really hot , and the barrel 's bristles are kinda rough and pull your hair a lot , but once you get used to it , it does a stellar job of straightening your hair . Around 6 months into using the straightner , the machine slowly overheated and died . Thinking I had a faulty model , I went out and bought a new one . Guess what ? A few months into THAT one , it ended the same way.So basically , not worth it .
 Have had this less than two months and used it perhaps 3 or 4 times a week on slightly spritzed hair to tame the frizz . The thing died !! Did work great while it lasted ... . Now trying a Conair , so keeping my fingers crossed .
 I have purchased this same product three times . The first time it lasted about a year and then stopped working . I replaced it because I really liked the way it worked with my hair and the cost was less than $ 20 . The second one lasted about six months , but I had traveled with it quite a bit and assumed it took a beating in my luggage . I bought my third one in October 2007 and it stopped working a few days ago . Actually , I do n't know if it stopped working . Once the smoke alarm in my home went off , I unplugged the dryer , boxed it up and returned it to Amazon . It was really light puffs of smoke that I did n't even notice until the alarm went off . Just a warning , since it seems other reviewers have had the same problem .
 I bought 2 of these at the store 3 years ago and was so excited to find them here on Amazon so I bought 2 more . The previous ones lastd about a year with daily use , but the two I purchase on Amazon burned out within a month . The first one only lasted a week . Maybe a bad batch ? I dont know but I do n't think I will take a chance again . I am lucky to have kept an old one and have pieced together a working model . Beware ! I 'm out $ 40 . Do n't let this happen to you !
 The first time I tried this dryer it blew out as soon as I plugged it in . It started burning -- smoke came out . It was a total waste of time searching for this product and ordering it . I will never try another ionic hot air brush again . My advice is stick to the basics .
 I bought one of these and it worked for maybe two months . It would n't shut off and like the others have stated I had to unplug it . Next the ionizer element stopped functioning and I was n't getting the frizz free results . I bought a second one and it did n't work for more than one day . Day one I was glad to have it back again and I worked like the old one but by day two it just stopped working in a puff of smoke . The motor apparently burned out . This time I had kept the receipt and the original packaging but I would like to have one like this that works . Sasoon , wake up , you almost had a good product here .
 I have had this curling brush for a total of 4 months before the fan blew out and the burning element nearly burnt through base . I do n't reccommend . It worked good for the four months but should be able to last longer that 4 months .
 When it worked , it did a great job ! BUT ... the first one lasted two weeks and then it stopped turning off . I had to unplug the dang thing from the wall . Then it just quit . I took it back and exchanged it for another . This one did n't last two weeks and now it does n't work . I did n't overuse the dryer ... my hair is not that long . I do n't know how to contact Vidal Sassoon -- I looked online and they 're out of business in the US . I guess I 'm out the $ I spent on it . Definitely try another brand of curling brush if that is what you 're looking for .
 I tried this product an initially loved it but after only 2 weeks of use it died . I returned it for another and in about the same time it died again . I have given up on it .
 I went through 3 of these in less than 2 months . After about 2-3 weeks of use , the first two dryers would n't shut off when the switch was placed in the `` off '' position ; the dryers had to be unplugged to turn them off . The 3rd dryer just stopped working completely after about 2 weeks . I definitely do not recommend buying this product .
 I 've had the same problems as other reviewers of this product - after using it for a few weeks , the switch quit working so that the dryer must be unplugged to go off . Also
 Initially I was so impressed with this product I bought a second one within a week , so I could have one at home and one at the gym . After 4 months , however , the first one refused to shut off . About 2 weeks after that , the other one burned out . I 'm not willing to throw away money every few months on any product , so I wo n't be buying this , or anything else under the sassoon label again .
 This is one of the best stylers I 've ever used . I have frizzy , curly hair , and not only does it straighten my hair , it leaves it very smooth and shiny . The anti-static ion feature really works . It is also a very powerful blow dryer at 1000 watts , which can save a lot of time . It comes with a concentrator attachment for speed drying , but I never got a chance to use this feature . I gave this styler only one star because of its durability.Unfortunately , after a few weeks , the barrel started getting very , very hot , to the point that I thought it would burn my hair . It burned out shortly after that and would n't come back on . I thought maybe I had just bought a lemon and went back to the store and bought another . Within a couple of weeks , the same thing happened , but this time it started smoking . This is the first time I 've every had this happen with any hair styling appliance.I 've never reviewed anything before , but I thought I should speak up about this one . I love the design , but I think there is a serious mechanical defect in this styler . If the manufacturer could work this out , I would love to have another , but I do n't dare take the chance .
 The brand is fantastic but after purchasing from this supplier I 've noticed all their products are expired . My face broke ou after a few uses and I have been using Ultracalming for over a year now with no problems before . It 's best to pay the crazy prices at the stores that supply Dermalogica .
 I have had this straightener for a few years now . I would use it maybe once a or twice a week . I used to think it did a good job . It does heat up quickly . I 've never had problems with the light flickering and going off on me . But when I started trying to use it a lot , I noticed that it would pull on my hairs . There are gaps in the plastic that holds the plates together and my hair is FREQUENTLY getting caught in it . I end up pulling my hair out.Anyway , I had my hair straightened after getting it cut a few months ago . The stylist , using a much better iron , got my hair the silkiest I have EVER felt . I did n't even know my hair could look so good . This iron does n't even come close . I am getting rid of this cheap one for a better one . I have decided that I am willing to pay more for an iron that makes my hair more beautiful and wo n't pull out hair .
 Hi , ... I had to return this hair straightener in three weeks after I bought it . I was n't too happy with it , . . infact I bought it at a very good price of 14.99 from Fry 's electronics , ... it worked great the first two weeks I was so happy that my hair looked great and all , however all of sudden the heating stopped , ... it would heat up and after I was done straightening about one quarters of my hair , the heat totally died down from hot to warm , and it did n't have any effect on my hair.I thought may be the thermostat turned off and it would turn back on again , ... but NO !! it was gone ! I had to return it , . . thinking about buying the other one by VS , but not sure after reading the review , ... could anyone make any suggestions ?
 I recently purchased this item and I was happy with it for about a month , -LRB- which means a total usage of about 4-5 times -RRB- Now the thing does n't work , i plugged it in and set the temp to where I usually have it and nothing , no heat !!! I am a very dissatisfied customer . There 's no website that I am aware of where I can let the co. know of this malfunction I 'm also sure that I ca n't be the only one that this has happened to . I say spend the extra $ and go somewhere else !!
 This iron is good for getting the hair straight , but along with that comes the harmful effects of metal straightening irons , were talking frizz , damage , and split ends galore . These metal irons really arent healthy for one who does some serious straightening , ones who just run in through maybe once a week they are ok , but if u constantly straighten your hair , stay away from this iron . ...
 when i first used the product it was great ! for the first 3 mounths then it died on me . i hardly used it - maybe every weekend to tough up the flyaways that my blowdrier left behind . no big deal right - i buy another on and the same thing happened ! 4 months goes by and an electrical problem . the red light would flicker on and off - not good at all . i would never recomend this to anyone ! its terrible
 Usually VS Sasson is a good brand but this one I was not happy with one . I did n't straighten at all , even after I blew out the hair . Did n't flatten or defrizz . I do not reccomend .
 This straightener only has 170 watts of heating power . That is not a very good number ! If you want salon-straight hair you need a ceramic straightener with 1875 watts ... especially if you have thick or very frizzy hair !
 This product was dry no matter how much top coat you put on . There are much better products out there .
 I have used this product many times before & love it . This time ordered from a different vendor on amazon . It 's real clumpy . Looks like maybe it has been sitting for awhile . Usually very smooth . Gave it 2 stars because I tried it anyway & it still works well . I know I would n't sell a product that looked like this , let alone buy it .
 I thought I had ordered the body lotion and am very disappointed in the hand cream . I have bought hand cream at retail stores that smell alot better . It smells old .
 I 'm reviewing this for the product but have not purchased from Amazon . I 'm a male , have combination , olive tone skin that is n't sensitive or acne prone . I take very good care of my facial skin.This is not for me . Based of the Esthetician 's review , I bought this as a summer moisturizer . I found it made my face too shiny/oily . I held onto it through winter and it worked ok except by the end of the day , my skin looked shiny/oily . I know it 's oil free but I do NOT like this and would n't recommend it to anyone who does n't have extremely dry skin .
 I bought this item with active tone and special cleanser , this three products are very generic and applicable to normal face types . I never had any acne problem , I never had any skin problem before , I was using Babe until now and my skin was perfect even when I was at 17s I never had any acne problem . But since I started using this product my skin became awful , it is unbelievable , I paid a lot of money and I can not use it , if I attempt to use it , in 1-2 days I start having at least 4-5 strange acnes all over my face . I strongly not recommend anyone to buy it .
 Well i bought this with high hopes , but . . first time use my acne got really red and started to irritate . But i thought its because i used it for the first time but it made it more red as the day pasts . well i didnt liked the smell and it felt wired cuz its too light . It does n't moisturize well . . not for people who have mild/severe ` ish acne.changed my moisturizer ...
 Too expensive for what it is . What else do you want me to say ? It burns ? It costs too much .
 I bought this for the family - Burt 's Bees is better and does n't cost nearly as much
 I purchased this product to help get rid of some sun spots . It didnt work for me .
 Did n't work for me . Caused blemishes . The more I used it the worse my skin become . When I stop using it my skin came to its normal state .
 I bought this serum because all the reviews at the time said it was very moisturizing . That was not the case for me . It completely dried out my skin and made it tight and uncomfortable all day . I would not recommend this product to anyone .
 I bought this for my hair and skin . The bottle says , ... `` producing a superior blend to moisturize and soothe dry irritated skin . '' This is not accurate so I 'm giving this 1 star . I put the gel on my hair which made my hair dry and frizzy . I put the gel on freshly washed hands and it dried my skin as though there is alcohol in the gel . My opinion is based on being a licensed cosmetologist . I would not recommend this to a friend .
 The slippers look nice and smell great . They were difficult for me to get on my feet . The lining was too restrictive . Once they were on , they were very awkward and uncomfortable to take any steps . It 's unlikely that I will ever use them on my feet . I will only use the inserts for aromatherapy .
 While the soft cotton coating the wax ear plug is a very thoughtful addition to the product and does help a tiny bit with comfort , these earplugs simply do not block noise . Also - now I am stuck with two boxes nearly full of earplugs that do not work ! The option to buy a smaller quantity would be nice .
 Dears , Have not yet received this item . Pls give me thr track number for trace it.Tis / Rgds.RossicomBoules Quies Protection Auditive Earplugs , Made in France
 Details : I ca n't get these to work . I have warmed with my palms and then molded with my fingers . They just wo n't fit in my ear.The wax starts out as a hard little ball surrounded by cotton . The directions tell me to unwrap wax . Not all of it come off , but I am not worried . Then , i am supposed to warm the wax in my very clean fingers . After the wax is malleable enough , I am supposed to shape it to fit in my auditory canal.Uh . Okay.So , I try to mold . Does n't work . Then I try to push in and spread the wax so it covers the opening of my auditory canal . No good . Finally , I smush the two together to make a normal-sized wax earplug . Nope.Ironically , or maybe just sadly , there is a truck outside blasting music - I could sing along if I listened to bad music - and I ca n't get my earplugs to stay in my auditory canals so I am up writing this review .
 I bought this item based on good reviews and now I 'm regretting it ! When am I going to learn to stop buying perfumes based on other people 's opinions !??? I mean honestly the first thing I thought of , when I sprayed this perfume on is powder ! It smells like you 're in a makeup room where you powder your nose . Also this scent is more of a grandma scent in my honest opinion . I 'm 19 years old and that 's what I think of with this perfume . I think it 's a bit too strong and mature for younger girls . I do n't think guys will be attracted to the scent -LRB- At least not in my age group -RRB- . This is my honest opinion and I hope I can help someone from spending their money and regretting it -LRB- like me -RRB- . From now on I 'm just going to buy perfumes at stores AFTER I smell them . Lesson well learned !!!
 Bought this for my wife and thought the fragrance that lasts only 30 minutes was normal , until she bought one from a department store . The store bought fragrance lasted for hours and hours.My experience with this product bought from Amazon does not reflect the usual high quality of its products . I do not recommend this product at all .
 I got this as a graduation gift from my mom 's friend whos in her 90 's . She knew I liked Elizabeth Taylor 's Gardenia perfume , so I imagine she thought I would like this one . While it does smell nice it 's very strong and old lady smelling . It has a very old fashioned smell to it and its embarassing to wear if you are 18 years old . . If you are younger than 40 do n't buy this even 40 's might find it a little too old school smelling ...
 This is by far the worst scent I 've ever smelled in my entire life ! Imagine a bottle of cheap cologne lost in time -LRB- let 's say like 100 years -RRB- and recently opened . That would be it ! My mother absolutely loves it and I get nauseated every time I get near . Horrible smell , something an old person would use .
 I LOVE THIS PERFUME AND HAVE BEEN WEARING IT FOR OVER 20 YRS , SO WHEN I SAW IT ONLINE I KNOW IT WAS A MUST HAVE . I ORDERED AND I WAITED AND WAITED FOR IT TO BE DELIVERED AND WHEN I FINALLY GOT IT , THE WAS HARLDY ANYTHING IN THE BOTTLE I GUESS IT EVAPORATED OUT , SO I EMAILED THE COMPANY AND IT WAS REPALCED AND BELIEVE IT OR NOT THE SECOND BOTTLE CAME WITH ALMOST HALF IN THE BOTTLE AS WELL , SO I DECIDED THAT 'S IT I WILL TAKE THE LOSS BUT I WILL NEVER EVER ORDER ONLINE AGAIN I 'LL JUST GO GET IT AT THE STORE SINCE THAT IS WHAT I AM USED ... I BOUGHT IT BECAUSE I NEEDED IT AND TODATE I STILL HAVE N'T GOTTEN WHAT I PAID FOR ...
 Back years ago this scent was somewhat ok , I remember having a small bottle of it someone gave me.I thought I would enjoy it again so asked for it as a gift.I was wrong.It was heavy and gave me somewhat of a headache.It 's to old lady like.And very musky.I would n't recommend this scent.I sold it on ebay.I have noticed yellow or golden colors of perfume are too strong and musky .
 This is a great hair dryer . . while it was working . It is heavier than my other dryer , but it dries my curly hair smooth in record time . After less than a month of use something came loose inside and I have to return it under the mfg. warranty . I bought the dual voltage model for an upcoming trip to India .
 I bought this very expensive cream at the recommendation of a certified aesthetician who raved about it and showed me several studies -LRB- by Neova , I believe -RRB- claiming that copper improves skin dramatically , etc. . This stuff was worthless ! It did n't moisturize as well as my regular cheap cream and really did n't do anything positive for my skin . -LRB- I gave it plenty of opportunity -RRB- . I returned it , and they took it back willingly because so many clients were complaining about it . Save your money and try something else .
 This must be good for your skin , but it did not help my dehydrated skin . I would put a lot of it on morning & night , but even after using the whole jar , it did not make my face moisturized . When I would just rinse my face w / warm water at the end of the day , it would be just like I never had any moisturizer on it . I would recommend spending your dollars on a differant product .
 Nice packaging , but I can get the same thing a quarter of the price at my local drugstore . Did not work exceptional and I did n't look 5 lbs lighter as Mally boasts in her pamphlet ! They should at least provide a brush ...
 I received the Mally compact today . It was to be a Christmas gift for my daughter . She has gotten it for the last three years . She loves it . It was delivered by USPS . It was in an envelope . I opened the envelope , and powder started falling out . I took the compact of if its box , and it was a mess . Before , I got the compact expos&eacute;d , I suspected it had been used , but it had been abused . It should have been heavily bubble wrapped and boxed . I immediately went to my account to request a refund and a shipping label . The package has been returned . I have only had one problem with Amazon previous to this , but it was with another vendor . I am very disappointed .
 For the Price , It is NOt worth It . You DO NOT even Get a BRUSH ! Also No Instructions , On How best To apply it , so You 'd be better Off Buying these colors at a Drug store - be cheaper and At Least Youd get a Dam Brush!It is Packaged well , in Pretty Pink cannister , But . . come On for $ 40.00 You cant include a Brush and some instructions ? Im Pissed I Bought this ... Dont bother People . QVC has it , it cost More , there even !
 The product description on Amazon says
 `` I was hoping that the aloe vera gel would have been a jelly like substance . But instead it was watery . So I was dissapointed . It seems more siutable for drinking instead of applying to the body , as I figured it was for . I would not recommend drinking it , but for application to the skin , I am not too sure . Hopefully I would find a pure aloe vera product that is more `` jelly-like '' instead of watery . ''
 Based on the Sunscreen Report - EWG 's Skin Deep i decided to dump the brand name sunscreens i have and go with ones that are less harmful and toxic . So I purchased 3 sunscreens from Amazon . Burnout Ocean , Burnout SPF 30 for Kids and Aubrey Organics . The only one that is worth keeping is the Burnout SPF 30 for kids.Aubrey Organics was a bit watery ... . as expected and very thin in terms of consistency , which means i had to use a lot and lot of it to get a `` full '' coverage . The things is once applied , you ca n't see if it 's there or not . Meaning if you go for a swim or after a couple of hours , you ca n't tell if the sunscreen is still there or if you need to re-apply . That was OK with me , what turned me off was the smell . It smelled like old oil paint . I just could n't stand it . If unscented means smells like cooking oil , i rather get the scented one .
 I have never been sensitive or allergic to smells , but the scent of this moisturizer is so strong and overpowering that I had to wash it off because it was making me feel slightly nauseous . I wish I had listened to some reviewers from other websites who warned that Aubrey Organics products can have a very powerful scent . Now I must admit that they were right . I also bought Aubrey Organics hairspray and deodorant , and they also smell very strong . If you are sensitive to scents -LRB- or not accustomed to unusually powerful scents -RRB- , you should probably think twice before buying products from this company.I am also somewhat ambivalent about this product containing Padimate O as the active sunscreen ingredient . There is some controversy about the safety of Padimate O and other PABA derivatives . Unfortunately , I happened to read about it after I purchased this product .
 The 4th and 5th ingredients are alcohols and this is probably what makes the blue green algae moisturizer smell horrid . What else is weird is seconds after I apply this I get `` sweat '' appearing where I put it . Imagine sweat like you would very first get while working out , except I 'm not working out , I am standing still in a 70 degree bathroom . I can wipe it away but it will still appear for the next 30 minutes ... unrealJust does n't seem to work well and the 10 minutes of research I did on denatured alcohol on your skin was not positive.I tried this because EWG skin deep says it does n't have any bad stuff in it , which may be true , but I 'm looking elsewhere.Disgusting smell and I think it may actually draw moisture from your skin ?!
 I thought I would be getting a gel solution . Instead I got liquid only . It was not what I wanted or expected .
 I bought this product super excited because I had found a `` natural '' face lotion with an SPF because I wear sunscreen every day . I ended up having a horrible allergic reaction to it . The sunscreen in it is PABA , so I do n't know if I reacted to that or something else . I was really hoping this lotion would work for me but it did n't .
 Many people are under the mistaken impression that this is 100 % pure aloe vera from the plant . This is not correct even though this is advertised as 100 % pure aloe vera gel . A product advertised as 100 % pure aloe vera gel should contain 100 % aloe vera . However , aloe vera is one of many ingredients in this product . I want to know what % of this product is pure aloe vera ? Is it 1 % or half of 1 % ? What does 100 % pure aloe vera gel really mean and how much aloe vera is really in this product ? Unless you get this question answered , stay away from this product .
 I bought this product expecting it to have a more gel like consistency but it ended up being too watery . It is almost like a toner . Plus , it had a weird smell to it and I could n't stand it unless I put a separate cream on top of it to cover up the smell . It did n't break out my skin but it also did n't do much . Then again , I only used it for 2 weeks and I stopped because of the smell . I think it would be better for me to just purchase the actual aloe vera plant .
 Not same product as pictured . Very unsatisfied . This is not a gel and not 100 % Aloe Vera . Not even the same bottle as pictured . Look somewhere else .
 I thought that this product was going to be somewhat like a gel , and turns out that it is the same consistency as water . It was very messy to apply .
 I do n't know why this is called a gel . It looks , feels and behaves like tap water from a rusty pipe . I could n't use it for anything , because it just ran off my hand like water . I dumped it down the drain .
 I threw out my old sunscreen that was purchased at a typical big box store because I did my research on the Environmental Working Group 's site -LRB- which I love -RRB- , but then was disappointed when my local `` natural grocer '' only had a few of the recommended/high ranking brands . I ended up w / 2 bottles of this product and used it right away for a beach day . I put it on myself and my 6 year old daughter . It was thick , it has a weird smell that I ca n't place -LRB- possibly the zinc -RRB- and it was so tacky/sticky that my 6 year old complained so loudly that I was hurting her as I rubbed it on her . My arms looked like I was wearing a clay mask at first and it took a lot to rub in - gave myself an arm waxing while I was at it . Anyway , I 'm returning the bottles to my grocer and will try something else for sure !!!
 What I am looking for in a sunscreen
 This is not Aloe gel , but instead Aloe Juice . Product is mis-labled . Having used the Aubry gel , it is one of the best , but this is not it .
 I bought this product because I read it was one of the top 5 `` most healthy '' sunblocks available . Unfortunately , it burns and swells your eyes like crazy and it does not do a good job of protecting from sunburn . It is a sad product .
 The product is very watery -LRB- not gel-like -RRB- and smells strongly of alcohol . We ended up throwing this out and bought an aloe plant instead . The real aloe gel -LRB- from the plant -RRB- was nothing like this stinky product .
 I have been browsing for 100 % aloe vera products and came across this one with good enough reviews . However , How can they call it 100 % aloe vera when the ingredients clearly state more than aloe in it . Just a thought !
 This aloe vera product is more of a liquid than a gel . I use it on my face before applying moisturizer and it absorbs fast . I like how light it feels on my face , but it does not have the most pleasant smell .
 I ordered this product , the gloLoose powder and instead received the gloPressed powder with a gloLoose scanner sticker on it . I contacted the company through Amazon three days ago and still have not had any response ! I am very disapointed in the lack of response . Since I am a prime member and pay to be , I am also disappointed in Amazon as well for not putting a packing slip in the box as well . When I called customer service the representative told me that this really never happens . Guess I got bad luck , wrong product and no packing slip ... think twice if you want to order from them , now I will have to wait even longer for makeup that I ran out of and needed by this holiday weekend .
 This is product has a significant difference from previous purchase of Adrien Arpel Foam Cleanser . It is very runny . It appears to either be watered down or it has broken down due to age . I threw it all away since I 'm concerned that it is out of date .
 I wish it were possible to give this 0 stars.It dried my skin out terribly , and I did n't see ANY difference.Don ' t waste your money on this .
 this product really does n't do anything for my skin at all - it does smell lemony - and it 's not expensive but it does n't brighten the skin - so save your money - as the saying goes you get what you pay for - I gave it 1 star because I had to give it something - would have prefered - no stars -
 Is n't the best product . Is n't the worst product . It did n't help with fine lines , but it does keep the sky moist . I wo n't be buying it again .
 I 'm sorry I do n't think this is worth $ 70 IMO . When I got this in the mail I was shocked . It is so lightweight , it 's like something you could have made yourself . There is static as the other reviewer stated , but that only happens to my hair when it 's really straight after I 've flat ironed it . When it 's real straight my hair is more thin , and this brush will stir up cradle cap . However , when my hair is thick in it 's natural state , this nylon brush does not go through to the scalp like they say it will.I have a $ 5 Goody nylon brush that works better than this . The only difference is that the teeth on this brush are closer together , whereas the Goody 's teeth are a little wider . But the Goody is heavier and appears more durable . Also , it is a pain trying to keep this clean . They give you a smaller cleaning brush that works quite well , but you ca n't get this brush wet or have natural hair oils left in it . I wo n't purchase this again .
 This Mason Pearson brush has so much static electricity it renders it impossible to use . I do n't know if it 's an issue with the nylon or an issue with all their brushes .
 I have been looking for a fragrance that smells like a peony for a while . I rarely send things back , but this was disappointing . Does not smell anything like a peony .
 This has a very harsh smell and does not smell at all like violets . I was very disappointed with this purchase and do not recommend it .
 I thought this would smell like a sweet olive flower , but instead it smells like licorice . Great smell if you love the candy .
 While the products are all as described , the service from Demeter Fragrance Library left much to be desired . I placed an order of 1 full sized cologne spray and two samples . My order came with a free sample which was delightful , except that one sample arrived completely shattered and the sample spray pump did not work . I contacted Demeter Fragrance Library immediately to report the issue and was advised that if I were to return the defective products they would be more than happy to exchange or replace them . I was told I would be refunded for the shipping cost for having to mail my damaged products back to them . This was not the case . While they sent me new products and refunded me for the one item I returned , I was not reimbursed shipping and it took me a week to get a hold of someone at the company who told me that they never reimburse shipping back unless you return the whole order . However , this was not what I was told the first time I called or I would have never sent it back . Now I 'm out more for the shipping than I would have been just for the broken perfume sample . The woman I spoke to basically told me that no one could have possibly told me that I would be refunded unless I shipped the whole order back to them because `` It 's never been that way so I do n't know how that could be possible . '' Way to make your customer feel great . I 'll never place an order with them again . Order from an external website if you must .
 My favorite perfume for many years was Woods of Windsor Lavender Eau de PARFUM ... I have asthma and many scents really bother me ... this one did not , and I always received favorable comments when wearing it . Now I ca n't get the PARFUM ... I tried the body spray AND now this Eau de TOILETTE , and THEY ARE ENTIRELY DIFFERENT SCENTS , and unfortunately , THEY BOTHER MY ASTHMA ! I do n't mean to malign this product ; I 'm hoping that someone who reads this can direct me to my original favorite , the Eau de PARFUM . I do n't know why they stopped making THIS particular product , but THIS girl really misses it ! Funny , you 'd think the scents of lavender would all be the same in the parfum/body spray/eau de toilette , but some ingredient -LRB- s -RRB- are either left out or added and the result is markedly different . Thanks for `` listening '' ...
 I used to own a Remmington electric nail file that bit the dust recently . This is what lead me to purchase this product . I am dissapointed in the fact that these things have NO POWER !! As far as the trimmer goes its not a problem ... but for the nail file , the lack of speed and power makes it useless . I may as well use a regular nail file . Too bad Remmington stopped making the one I had before . It ran on a AA battery and had enough power . This one is too tiny , the file attachments are too easy to break , they are not corse enough to do any good , and the attachments do n't have any sort of bag or something to keep you from losing them . Battery life of the AAA is not satisfactoy either . Overall , The only good point is their portability .
 I have been looking for a fragrance that smells like a peony for a while . I rarely send things back , but this was disappointing . Does not smell anything like a peony .
 This has a very harsh smell and does not smell at all like violets . I was very disappointed with this purchase and do not recommend it .
 I thought this would smell like a sweet olive flower , but instead it smells like licorice . Great smell if you love the candy .
 While the products are all as described , the service from Demeter Fragrance Library left much to be desired . I placed an order of 1 full sized cologne spray and two samples . My order came with a free sample which was delightful , except that one sample arrived completely shattered and the sample spray pump did not work . I contacted Demeter Fragrance Library immediately to report the issue and was advised that if I were to return the defective products they would be more than happy to exchange or replace them . I was told I would be refunded for the shipping cost for having to mail my damaged products back to them . This was not the case . While they sent me new products and refunded me for the one item I returned , I was not reimbursed shipping and it took me a week to get a hold of someone at the company who told me that they never reimburse shipping back unless you return the whole order . However , this was not what I was told the first time I called or I would have never sent it back . Now I 'm out more for the shipping than I would have been just for the broken perfume sample . The woman I spoke to basically told me that no one could have possibly told me that I would be refunded unless I shipped the whole order back to them because `` It 's never been that way so I do n't know how that could be possible . '' Way to make your customer feel great . I 'll never place an order with them again . Order from an external website if you must .
 This is nothing more than a big bottle of liquid soap . You are better off at the dollar store . I tried as a shampoo and it left my hair dull and dry ... even though I diluted it a lot . I tried cleaning with it but it did n't do an adequate job . I tried it as a body wash but again it left my skin dry . I have now resorted to using it for dog shampoo ! would not recommend
 Too many Gizmos in a small space . Hardly enough room to get your foot on the mat . No Gizmos or a larger mat would be the solution .
 They use the same base fragrance in all of these shower/hand gels and it is nasty . I do n't know how other reviewers give it such a high rating . I had to use alchol repeatedly to remove the lingering smell from my hands after trying it . Nothing pleasant about this product . How hard can it be to add a natural lime essence to scent a wash gel ? Camille Beckman uses some kind of artifical scents instead . Yuk .
 When I tried this color in the salon I loved it , but for some reason this was way thinner and i needed three coats until you could n't see my nail underneath . Not really a fan
 The irony in this is because I love Armani Emporio . I thought I had gotten lucky when I seen the price on this item , but obviously had nothing but bad luck . I never received this item after paying over $ 60 for it . I will NOT be buying from this seller again .
 Much as I like the well-balanced , gentle conditioning properties of VO5 Keep Me Strong , I find the sweet scent of the product annoying . Though the scent dissipates after use , I 've decided to try other comb-through conditioning products in hopes of finding one that is effective and appealing in every way .
 I did n't realize the company sending the product could substitute another companies product . The ad clearly read Roux Fanci-ful Rinse # 21 Blush Brown -LRB- by Roux -RRB- . They sent me Fanciful Hair Rinse # 21 . The Roux name is n't on the bottle . What I thought I was purchising was a professional product and what I got was something anyone can buy at many stores locally . This seems like deceptive advertising to me .
 I was suprised at how small the product was when I got it in the mail
 I just wanted my wife to try it on her wrist in a drug-store ... Rite Aid , Osco , Walgreen , Eckerd , do n't remember , it was Christmas time.It smelled just OK but after one hour or so it was ... gone.That usually happens with cheap fragrances .
 I can not believe I got scammed so bad , thank God I did n't pay the original price . This not what Celine Dion smells like ! I got this same perfume about 3 months ago at -LSB- ... -RSB- and I fell in love with it , so I decided to get a bigger bottle from this site worse mistake ever . The perfume smelled like it went bad -LRB- which I do n't think is possible -RRB- this perfume has a naturally soft smell below is the product description
 I can not believe I received a product like this from amazon . I have worn this perfume for years and ordered two bottles . When I went to use it , it had a very foul smell . It did n't smell like a perfume at all it was horrible . And because it is a perfume you can not return it . Do not order this . There are several other places online to order this perfume .
 OK , this is not a review of the product itself . I like the brand Decleor and can vouch for it being great . BUT I was hunting for an older product they used to make in the whitening line and because its discontinued , I could not find it anywhere . I found this one by going by the name of the old product and looking at the picture that was associated with the ad . It was the old product which uses different ingredients than this new one for the same thing.Anyway , I got the newer version of the product , which I did not care for . Yes , it 's the same line and very similar name , but it 's NOT the same ingredients - entirely different product . Oh well .
 This lipgloss was too pale , unflattering , and all nars lipglosses are way too sticky , make my lips peel , smell and taste bad . My go to lip glosses are revlon over the counter lipgloss .
 $ 24.00 for a lip gloss , that 's a pretty heavy duty price point for a lip gloss . I expect a LOT from gloss this expensive and high end.I ordered a tube of `` Orgasm '' and expected the perfect nude lip . Nope ! There just is n't anything about this gloss that impressed me . It was sticky . It was n't very opaque . There was so little color payoff ! I have had comparable -LRB- or dare I say , better ! -RRB- glosses for 1/5th the price . I ca n't believe I 'm about to type this , but L'Oreal makes a gloss a million times better than this at 1/4th the price ! Try NYX 's glosses at 1/6th the price -LRB- and I like them better than the L'Oreal -RRB- . Please do n't buy into the hype of the Orgasm gloss . You wo n't have an orgasm when you use it , you 'll be saying , `` That 's it . . ? ''
 This lipgloss tasted and smelled terrible ... like melted plastic . As much as I enjoy Nars products , I do n't recommend this gloss to anyone . Try MAC or Lancome or Revlon . This lipgloss was revolting .
 I bought this because I read that Nars made long lasting lip gloss but this product is just like any other lip gloss to me stays on for maybe one hour or so .
 I love this product . It is truly my go to lipgloss color . However , this particular tube leaks and gets everything in my purse all sticky . Yuck . I think the wand is loose or something . Somethings are better just picked up in store I suppose .
 This lipgloss is a nice color , but it smells and tastes absolutely HORRIBLE !!! And no , I do n't purposely ingest lipgloss , but any woman knows that if it 's on your lips , some of it is inevitably going to get in your mouth . Yuck . This is DEFINITELY not worth $ 24 . I will never buy this again . Save your money .
 I like this type of brush , lost the one I had , then found out how difficult they can be to find . Then I found out how ridiculously expensive they are considering they 're made of plastic , weigh almost nothing , are worth about what a plastic key chain prize is worth after popping balloons at a carnival . For some reason , pretty much across the board , they are very expensive and carry very expensive shipping charges , unless , of course , I would by two dozen of them at a time . That would be around 2.3 lifetimes worth of plastic shampoo brushes . Does it work as advertised ? Yes , it 's a plastic shampoo brush . Low tech , no moving pieces , shoves hair around my head , so yes , it works as advertised . Is it worth the price ? No , unless you 're into collecting worthless Pez dispensers ... and plastic shampoo brushes . Rule of thumb for me now , keep my eyes open if/when I visit a dollar store and maybe get lucky enough to find some , pick up a dozen for what I paid for this one ... or make a point of not losing the one I have . Bottom line
 The brush is advertised as the D6 Denman brush but this is a dishonest description on the part of the seller . This is NOT a Denman brush ! It is a similar shaped but generically made fake . If I had known I would not have purchased it because I have a Denman D6 and was getting another one for my sister . Denmans are distinct for their quality . There is not point in me returning this brush shipping would be more than I paid so I 'll just keep it .
 It works just OK . The bristles are not deep enough and it is made really cheap for the price charged .
 What a rip off
 Thats it , handle will break . There are many others out there just like it that wo n't . I 've had several of these . They break . I guess glue will fix it but they should just make them properly in the first place . I suspect even glue will wear as you constantly use the thing in a wet environment , and it twists.Tossing them is a waste . They are n't making more oil . Buy a better constructed one , there 's many on amazon .
 I do not like the product.I believed a was buying a newer , more improved version.Do not recommend.Denman Be-Bop Shampoo Brush -LRB- D6 -RRB-
 Yeah , its a brush . Made of cheap plastic that feels like it will break soon . Charge a $ 1 for this thing ... not 8 .
 I chose these because I wanted cuticle nippers with scissor-like handles and was looking for something higher quality than your average cuticle nippers . I was willing to pay more for something that I hoped would be of high quality . At Target , one can purchase a whole manicure set for less than the price of these.These are not as good of a quality as the ones I was replacing - I had inherited my previous nippers from my grandmother and they were probably manufactured decades ago . In particular , the metal seems way too soft . When I was initially opening the package , the nippers fell out of the package and onto my tile floor and one of the tips got smashed in . The result is that they only work well on one side -LRB- when the good tip is closest to what I am trying to cut -RRB- . The product says it has a lifetime warranty through the manufacturer , simply by mailing them the product . I am hoping they will send me new ones .
 I was looking for a good nail brush . These are definately not what I was looking for . They are very small and do n't work well at all . Pass on this !
 It 's a really nice color if you apply one coat , but we all know with colors like these you have to apply at least 2 , but once you apply the 2nd coat the color changes . Also after a week I removed the nail polish and it stained my nails . Do n't recommend .
 I bought this based on the reviews . VERY unimpressed . I touch up chips twice a day ! I usually use OPI , which will last two weeks with minimal maintenance . This did n't make it 3 days . The colors are pretty , but even Sally Hanson outlasts Essie , and at a third the price . My first bottle will be my last bottle .
 I really have no idea what the fascination is with this brand . I 've tried so many shades hoping that maybe the last was a fluke . But , this brand is awful IMO . It 's difficult to apply , applies streaky , and chips so easily . I much prefer OPI .
 This nail polish is a good one . But I was expecting more of it . First of all , I say it is very expensive so I thought it would be a great quality , I wanted it for french nails . but for my suprise it came to my house with a thick consistency . I do n't know if all essey nail polish are like this , but this was my first essey nail polish and all I can say is that I prefer buying the inexpensive revlon I have always buyed .
 If you want a natural nail tint , that looks like color of the real nail bed , this is the shade for you . It is not as pink as the photo ; it 's more cream . Really sheer , just perfect for a french manicure . Not for me though , I like my colors more saturated , even with a Fnch.ManiFollow up April 30 , 2011
 this color is way too light and to get the white-ish color you have to have 3 coats . The seller is the BESTS -LRB- not the first time I order from them -RRB- but THIS particularly nail polish is not great ... I 'll just stay with Opi < 3
 Ask plenty of questions about product and merchandise as these items appear new in picture , but merchandise clearly been used or were tester products .
 Sea Breeze has been my favorite Essie color , and since it such an old color , most stores no longer carry it . So when I discovered it listed with this seller on Amazon , I was pleased . Unfortunately , the polish that I received was nothing like the original Sea Breeze that I have so enjoyed . I 've simply tossed it rather than go to the trouble of returning it . I DO NOT recommend this product as offered by this seller !!!
 even brighter in person than in pic and once on . maybe at my darkest in the summer i would wear this . almost neon .
 After reading so many glowing reviews of this fragrance , I just had to try it so I ordered a couple of sample vials . I was elated when it arrived & was deflated after I spritzed it on ! Could it be true ? I waited a while & yes , that initial reaction was still there . While I can appreciate the complexity of this fragrance , from the top note to the drydown , it is well crafted . However , what I did n't anticipate was that this fragrance would be an `` instant ticket to OLDLADYVILLE . '' Wow ... unfortunately , I could never wear this .
 This does not have the scent of 24 Faubourg by Hermes , which I have worn for years . I think it is very old or is not the real deal . I returned the product for a refund , they got it last Monday , I still have not received the refund .
 how many bars are included in this ? no indication and I 'm not going to pay $ 7.35 for 1 bar of soap .
 This `` Pure Retinol '' product lists retinol as the 24th out of the 32 ingredients . Shiseido 's website calls `` Pure Liquid Retinol '' a delivery system , and does n't even mention retinol as an ingredient while touting hydroxyproline as the magic chemical.This is actually a good news since retinol is a powerful teratogen , which causes birth defects with pregnant women . There should at least be a warning in bold type on every package if retinol is a substantial ingredient of a cosmetic product.Lastly , all your skin needs is moisturizer and UV protection . Large molecules do n't penetrate the skin and simply and literally go down the drain . Getting rid of the dead skin with abrasion -LRB- sea salt , crushed seeds -RRB- or dissolution by chemicals -LRB- AHA -RRB- will temporarily soften the skin but at the same time causes damage since the protection layer is removed , and your skin will work hard to replace the dead cell layer , which makes any `` benefits '' temporary.Don ' t waste your money . Glycerine and a zinc oxide-based sunscreen -LRB- Badger , Blue Lizard -RRB- would be sufficient .
 While the products are all as described , the service from Demeter Fragrance Library left much to be desired . I placed an order of 1 full sized cologne spray and two samples . My order came with a free sample which was delightful , except that one sample arrived completely shattered and the sample spray pump did not work . I contacted Demeter Fragrance Library immediately to report the issue and was advised that if I were to return the defective products they would be more than happy to exchange or replace them . I was told I would be refunded for the shipping cost for having to mail my damaged products back to them . This was not the case . While they sent me new products and refunded me for the one item I returned , I was not reimbursed shipping and it took me a week to get a hold of someone at the company who told me that they never reimburse shipping back unless you return the whole order . However , this was not what I was told the first time I called or I would have never sent it back . Now I 'm out more for the shipping than I would have been just for the broken perfume sample . The woman I spoke to basically told me that no one could have possibly told me that I would be refunded unless I shipped the whole order back to them because `` It 's never been that way so I do n't know how that could be possible . '' Way to make your customer feel great . I 'll never place an order with them again . Order from an external website if you must .
 I LOVE lime , and have found it difficult to find something lime scented that does n't combine something else with it . Knowing how Demeter generally hits things right on the head , I was excited for this to be delivered.I 'm not disappointed . It has more of a lemon-lime soda scent . I thought maybe it was just me , and had some friends try it , covering up the label , and asking them what it was - all four said lemon-lime soda . Sigh.It also seems to fade quickly , and the scent does n't stay as with most Demeter products . If you want something that smells just like a fresh cut lime , this is n't it .
 I had pretty high hopes for this scent , as I 'd had Demeter fragrances in the past and they were consistently good . Unfortunately , Tomato Seeds Cologne is n't as authentic as I hoped . Too alcohol-y and astringent , with little or no tomato scent . I 'm guessing it 's just a difficult smell to translate to a perfume , and not a lack of quality from Demeter.I might just stick to their florals .
 I smelled Tomato at a boutique a number of years ago and loved it . This stuff is hideous . It smells more like the carrying medium than tomatoes . It 's the worst thing I 've ever bought on Amazon in the past 14 years . Wish i could return it but I ca n't because it 's a flammable substance .
 I was suprised at how small the product was when I got it in the mail
 I bought this and the one with the longer handle for the back -- i thought it would soften with soap and water -- it remained hard as a rock -- i simply could not use it unless i wanted to scrape my skin off -- i have never used a loofa before and ca n't believe that people use things that are this hard on their skin ... perhaps if you wrapped a hand towel around it you might be able to use it , but by itself you will damage your skin and draw blood ...
 Very cheap plastic -LRB- you can easily push in -RRB- , which is the last thing I want for the purpose I bought it for -LRB- storing vegetable wash -RRB- . Also , it came in pink , which was a surprise and not what I wanted . Quite small too -LRB- holds about a cup ? -RRB- .
 They sent me a pink bottle even though the picture shows a `` frosted '' color . It sounds like they intentionally deceive people to offload their ugly bottles . Buyer beware
 After reading the reviews for this product , I was happy to purchase it . Unfortunately , on the day it arrived , it also sprang a leak , with a large crack up the side . This is probably a fluke , but is disappointing nonetheless .
 The plastic quality of the spray top is not good enough , so the hinge broke after a week , and renders the bottle pretty much useless . While the hinge lasted it was working fine , and had it not broken I would have given this a 5 star .
 This was a sold-by loveotc , fulfilled-by Amazon purchase . The sprayer head was assembled wrong at the factory so that the handle does n't move at all . The trigger unit was not properly inserted into the sprayer head , so you ca n't squeeze the trigger . So cheap that it is not quite worth the time to send it back .
 the straw broke while trying to wash it , that was before I even got a chance to try it . If I could rate it 0 stars , I would .
 I understand the product says `` assorted colors '' , but with Amazon , usually you get the color which is advertised in the photo . I was not expecting to receive a pink product . I wish the seller would allow you to choose the color , or at least see which one you were getting in advance .
 These things are really easy to shatter -- and break . Dropped one and a whole big shard broke completely away . Another cracked and everything leaked out . It 's like the Pinto of squirt bottles .
 My mother and I do not believe this product as authentic . The bottle packaging is strange and the fragrance does not last very long . The true product , we are familiar with , has much better attributes . We are disappointed and would not purchase this item again .
 Although I received the item real fast , it was a BIG disappointment . The handle came off as I took it out of the package . Others had warned about this so this was not a huge surprise , although I had to repair it before I even got a chance to use it . Repair was easy ; just a matter of sanding off the inferior glue that is used to attach the handle , and using a proper wood glue . After the 24 hour drying period , more disappointment ; the Loofah is extremely hard and minimally pliable even when wet . Not the softer type that I expected . Even though the price is right , I would keep looking to find a back brush of better quality that is softer .
 Loofa is a loofa is a loofa . I was looking for something really coarse for my boyfriend . He says it 's too soft even though reviews for this product said it 's too rough .
 This might happen to all loofah but I was surprised to see mold in first week . I will not recommend it . I bought an exfoliating bath brush which I liked much better
 nice for the price but way too hard . more of a back scratcher . People say the head keeps falling off so i just super glued it before using it . You can tell it was poorly made . works ok .
 Mambo is my favorite perfume of all time and I was very disappointed in when I recieved it . I have not submited sooner becasue I did not know how to get ahold of anyone . When it came the boxs was open there was no lid and it would not spray out . at the bottom of the bottle there was a pin hole where the bottle was leaking I think that is very unprofessional
 The perfume smells of alcohol and the fragrance does not last at all . An indication that the item has been on the shelf for a long while .
 Do not like , smell really bad . As human urine . the worse . do not waste your money . I wish htere was a way of returning this junk .
 The original 7oz . Milk and Honey Body Lotion , as advertised , is not what was sent to me . The lotion , as well as the botttle , are different than advertised . The old formula was non-greasy , was absorbed into the skin quickly and smelled very good . The original was so smooth and grease-free , I could even use a little before playing guitar , if my hand was too dry . The new 8oz . lotion sent to me was greasy , tacky and it seemed to never go away . Do you know how packing grease feels ? Yucky is the best way I can describe it . I 'll NEVER use it . Making it orange does n't help either ; more yuck ! I 've been buying up all the old formula I can get my hand on , but eventually I 'll have to find another lotion to use . I think it 's pretty crappy , but others may love it . Like they say , if it 's not broken ... . Hey , life goes on .
 IT weighs a ton . It has no `` blow '' power and takes FOREVER to dry my hair . Once it 's dry , it 's flat . Any natural waves have just given up the ghost , regardless of hair product used.I hate it . And I 've replaced it . Waste of money .
 The blowdrying function works fine , but it 's quite big and heavy and the handle and the switches are poorly positioned that makes it even more awkward to use . I 've had blowdryers of similar size and weight , or even bigger , but I never felt so awkward using one as I did with this one.The handle and switches are positioned where your hand is holding the device far from where the dryer head is at the top , the physics of it makes it weigh even more on your arm . The heat and on/off switches are located at a spot where it is very difficult to push/slide with my thumb while holding up the blowdryer normally . To adjust the setting or to turn it on or off , I would have to lower it in front of me and carefully balance it with one hand to turn the switches toward me , often while intense hot air is blowing in my face , so that my thumb can be at a good enough angle to be able to push the switches without twisting a muscle in my hand . Sometimes my arm would have already gotten too tired from using the blowdryer so when it comes time to adjust the heat or turn it off , I 'd lean it on the bathroom counter to push the switch instead of doing the whole one hand balancing maneuver.I 'm used to just being able to switch settings on my blowdryer easily and continue to dry my hair without having to lower the blowdryer in front of my chest while it 's going . The motion is similar to someone trying to find the mute button on their TV remote when they hear their phone ringing . There is the same panic and irritation from wanting to stop the loudness and the hot air that 's blowing everywhere except at my hair , and having difficulty reaching or finding that off button ! To sum up , it 's just a pain to use .
 Product worked well while it lasted , but less than a year out , it is dead . My wife and daughter have long hair and it would occasionally `` shut off '' due to heat . This last time , it never came back . This is the shortest time we have ever had a hair dryer last .
 This dryer is very cheaply made . I used it once ; did not work second time . I went to Rite Aid and bought a small Conair travel dryer -LRB- which I 've had before -RRB- . Great dryer !
 I 've been using Conair hair-dryers for 20 + years . I stuck to this brand because they 've always provided good merchandise that was a good value for the money . That long streak ended with this product.Pros :1 . several different speed & heat settings provide a useful array of options2 . fairly inexpensiveCons :1 . there are two back filter screens ; the outer one will not stay attached to the unit on the clip side , & the closing latch is defective ; I removed it entirely because it does n't seem to affect the operation of the unit considering that the second screen is built-in & usable2 . the hottest setting is not very hot3 . the slide controls are not aligned well -LRB- they slip past the detents & require too much force to push -RRB- 4 . overall cheap construction , even for this fairly low price.All of this results in a poorly made unit , & not at all worth the price . A big disappointment for a dedicated Conair user . Time for me to look for another brand .
 I recently stripped my hair to get rid of all the colour in the hope of going lighter . My hair ended up a light brown/ginger colour so I thought I 'd go for this dye , which promises a nice blonde outcome even with dark brown to black hair . Contrary to this , my hair is now DARK BROWN , so it will be even harder to go light or I may have to strip it again and wreck my hair !! Will be writing a strongly worded letter to garnier !!
 This product is not worth your money . It does smooth out the hair shaft in a real way , but it has absolutely no power , so the hair is always flat .
 I purchased this hairdryer from Amazon.com in September , 2009 . I tried it out and frankly , it does not do a single thing that my cheapo Conair does n't do . It dries hair . That 's all . It does n't make your hair look any more special than any other hair dryer does . It -LRB- sadly -RRB- has no magic powers . It just dries hair . End of story . All I can think of is The Emperor 's New Clothes . I feel stupid for having fallen for this nonsense . If you feel like you are doing something better for your hair because you spent this kind of money , then by all means , go for it . But , please keep this in mind ; I have nothing to gain or lose by writing or not writing this review .
 I just paid 189.00 for this hair dryer on another site -LRB- not Amazon -RRB- because I read the reviews Amazon is NOT an authorized dealer and the problems people had with this dryer and returning it -LRB- or warranty , whatever -RRB- . My least concern was this I just wanted to be sure I was getting `` the '' Evolution and not some other model with the name Evolution on it.First , OMG . . what / who are these people on here giving this hair dryer such rave reviews ? This dryer is NOT EVEN 1600 WATTS!!!!!!!!!!@!!!!!!!!!!!!!How can anyone say `` best hair dryer ever '' . `` no need for the low setting as the high is perfect '' , blah blah.I am convinced that I can no longer go by reviews on here . This dryer is in NO WAY 2000 watts . I can hold the nozzle -LRB- with the nozzle on which is more extreme air flow -RRB- right to my skin and my sking doesnt even get close to warm . How can this dryer be 20000 watts when it is barely blowing out any air to even directly make it to my round brush and it doesnt burn my skin at all directly up against my skin on the highest setting , which is supposed to be Hot ? This is in now way hot , no way 20000 watts , I dont even think this is 1600 . What are all you people thinking to write reveiws with a dryer that is no stronger than a conair at CVS?I can not in good conscious keep a dryer that I paid almost 200 for where my vidal sassoon dryer gives off more air flow.I have NO RESPECT for a company that LIES to every one , puts out a dryer that is even in the news and yet sells top popele the EXACT OPPOSITE > ? Why are not you all saying the truth . I have the dryer . It is not even 1600 watts and that is no lie . Plus , I paid 200 for a dryer where the cold button i have to `` hold down '' ??? The cheaper dryers , yes . But I also bought an 1875 BioIonic dryer and it blows stronger and harder than this piece of garbage . AND its cool button stays cool without holding it down.The only positive of this dryer is light weight . But I can get that at the local drug store for 30.00 Pleaswe people , THINK before you write reviews and be honest . I have to believe these sites are deceptive becau8se I have the dryer , I used it and it is clearly and no mistake or even `` maybe '' . . THIS IS CLEARLY NOT EVEN 1600 WATTS , so light air flow I thought my electric ay be the problem . So light it didnt burn my skin on highest hot setting up agaqinst my arm.Are you kidding me people ? This is NOT A DRYER WORTH $ 50.00 . DO NOT BUY THIS GARBAGE and I for one will never EVER trust this company again . They have wasted my money , time and now I have to return this piece of garbage . I ca n't believe the LIE of telling people waht a great piece of workmanship ? What is so great ? It is light , plastic , 1600 watt cheap deryer . That 's it .
 Under no circumstances should a hair blowdryer have a heat setting hot enough to singe your hair OFF . I now have sections of hair that have been burned off . Also , when I put my hair in a ponytail , I have hundreds of tiny short hairs sticking up because hairs were burned off . I also got 2 third degree burns on my skin.I purchased the Featherweight first , took it back for the Evolution -LRB- thought maybe with more settings it would be ok -RRB- . That 's when I noticed my hair has been singed off . With the Featherweight , you have two heat choices , flame thrower or cold.The hottest setting on the Evolution is the one that singed my hair off . The medium setting , is n't quite hot enough to get my hair straight . So , back this one is going too.For what it 's worth , my sister RAVED about this dryer and she bought the Evolution , AND the Featherweight , AND the travel one . She is made of money though and I think unless something is outrageously expensive , she gets it in her head it is worthless . Also , she always uses the diffuser and always does the curly look -LRB- probably on cool -RRB- . I will be sticking with the Elchim line , which I thought was outrageously expensive at $ 130 but now seems like a bargain . I 'm going for the Da Vinci model by Elchim this time . All the best salons use Elchim . It 's funny that $ 130 seems like a deal for a blowdryer now.I purchased mine at Sephora . So , this review is nothing against Amazon . Just want to get the word out there about this product .
 The on off switch gets in the way of holding the handle and it often turns off while I am using it .
 Good morning , I regret to inform you that this article was mistakenly delivered to another person and never received it . This is why I can not deliver an opinion on the matter ... I imagine that the hair dryer is very good , so try to buy it but never came to my hands ... Isa&iacute;as Aguilar
 This dryer is a fake ! I have the original dryer and I know what the real feels and looks like , including the serial number and the packaging . This dryer was wrapped in a black plastic bag -LRB- looked like a garbage bag -RRB- and the serial number did n't match at all . Is sounded funny and loud . Please be cautious and do n't buy this dryer on Amazon . I returned mine and got my money back . I went directly to the T3 website and got the AUTHENTIC T3 hair dryer . Thank you .
 I have owned two of these . This dryer is the best blow dryer I have ever had , but it lasts just about a year of gentle home use . Same results with both dryers . For this price would expect it to last much , much longer . I would not call it `` professional '' quality .
 After about a year of use , I started smelling burning plastic and the fan was making terrible noise . Opening up the rear of the dryer , I could see that the four fan blades had cracked where they attach to the shaft . So , that when the fan turned , the blades would swing out ever so slightly and drag against the plastic shield surrounding the fan.I contacted the company , T3 , and they were not helpful . I could purchase another one , new or refurbrished I do n't know , for around $ 70.00 . I asked if I could purchase the fan blade part to replace the cracked one that I have , and he said no they do n't do that.Therefore , I ca n't recommend this hair dryer to anyone . It is in fact dangerous as when the fan blades crack , then the smell and the noise could create a fire inside the dryer . The company was n't wanting to rectify the cracked fan blades , but was wanting more money from me for this poorly designed fan section of the dryer . This hair dryer is a safety hazard .
 i ordered the T3Bespoke Labs hair dryer in 2010 - within one year dryer stopped working - contacted discount jungle and was told to email dryer back for replacement - had to call several times and was told my dryer would be mailed out shortly or was on the way - one call was answered with `` it is no longer under warrenty '' - broken dryer mailed back to me with no explanation - i am not happy with this company and would not order from them again - i am now finding out they are an unauthorized dealer for the hairdryer
 I decided to go ahead and buy from Amazon since the 5-star ratings far exceeded the negatives . Got it about 15 months ago , and totally loved it . It was light and quiet and fast . I have medium length , super thick , baby fine , curly hair . About a month ago , it started getting louder . Then it just stopped . I opened it up and one of the blades had broken inside . I have never dropped this , and it ALWAYS goes back in the drawer ... I even wrap and secure the cord every time . I took out the partially broken piece , and used it for a couple more weeks . However , its even louder now , like a jet engine and vibrates ferociously . Never again ! I thought I was buying a great hair dryer that would last me for years . HAHA !
 My wife has had the dryer for 4months now.It started not heating up as much in the last couple weeks , now it just blows cold air.Went to look for the warranty caus ' one of the reasons I bought this $ 200 dryer was the fact it had a 5yr warranty ... NOT !!!! ... I started looking for the serial number only to find it had been removed from the box -LRB- you can clearly see the location where it used to be and was torn off ! -RRB- I came back here to check it out and found all these posts on `` non-authorized '' reseller bull $ !! it.I do alot of research when I buy stuff , making sure I pay enough money to get quality and not buying cheap.There is no way to know Amazon is not an authorized reseller.This has been a complete rip off.Make sure you heed the warning ... BUY ELSWHERE.Make sure it has the serial number on the box!I 'm really pissed about this.Now we have to spend more money on another blow dryer.This sucks !!
 I bought the T3 in Oct 2007 as soon as I received it I knew something was wrong . I have used a real one and this is not a real one , I do n't understand how everyone loves their hair dryer and only a few people thinks that their dryer is a fake ? Anyway over the weekend my dryer totally blew out I only had it for 6 months , now I have to try to get my money back which should be fun . It would have been so worth the extra 100.00 to buy a real one instead of paying 200.00 for a $ 20.00 refurbished Conair motor .
 I too liked this hair dryer very much . However , I know exactly where the serial number should have been -LRB- there is a place on the front of the box so it can be peeled off and applied for warrenty registration -RRB- and it had been removed or never applied . This is n't your typical 30 or 90 day warrenty . It has a 4 year warrenty and for a hair dryer at this price , that is worth something . Amazon was great about the return , but if I had known for sure that a warrenty was not going to be included , I would never have ordered it from them . I would have opted to pay more money .
 I am a professional hairstylist . I cant believe how crappy this deal is ! Ordered my blowdryer , got it , knew it was fake almost instantly -LRB- I already own a real one -RRB- , wanted to return it . I called them and told them it was fake and they said I could return it for a refund . They e - mailed a rma # and I sent it back . Well a month has gone by and they claim they havent recieved it and wont even try to help me find it . Yeah right . Total scam because I called them out for being fake . They wanted to exchange but I was adamant on a refund . I guess they didnt like that . Losers . Dont do it !
 I have a month with the dryer now . My brother in law , a professional hair stylist recommended I purchased the Evolution 2000 . I had high expectations , in specific , faster drying time . I have not had a faster drying time . Many times the dryer auto turns off and cools down making my drying time longer .
 I did not purchase my dryer from Amazon - however after 2years it just stopped working . Thank goodness I purchased from authorized retailer - I had no issues with the warranty process & received a replacement dryer from T3 -LRB- although it did take a couple weeks -RRB- . This is a great dryer , I am very happy with it 's performance & the warranty process - I rated low to warn Amazon shoppers to make sure when you purchase this item the serial # tag is afixed to the cord - it is absolutely necessary for a warranty situation . I purchase tons of things on Amazon - I was disappointed to hear of the others having issues since Amazon is not an Authorized T3 retailer . Make sure you do your research on this one before you decide where to purchase . I would definitely recommend the product itself .
 My husband got me this expensive blow dryer for Christmas after hearing me complain how long it takes to dry my long hair . . that of which I recently chopped 6 inches off . I have a new baby , and would rather spend my time with her instead of drying my hair - so this seemed like the perfect product.I have long , fine-ish , straight-ish hair . After giving this dryer a good week for a test drive , my hair only seemed flatter and had more static . Just to make sure it was n't the weather or my shampoo , I tried my ol' $ 20 Conair and the life came back to my hair!Bottom line - feel free to try it out , but I 'm spending my money elsewhere . Also be warned about the serial number missing !!
 I bought this blow dryer from Amazon which sells it through Discount Jungle and as soon as I received it , it would not turn on . I contacted the vendor and I was told that if I wanted to return it , I would be charged a restocking fee . I am appalled that this company would sell a non-working product and then charge its customers to return them . Will definitely never purchase from them again .
 I was very angry to hear that the T3 dryer I purchased is not covered under warranty because I purchased it through amazon . T3 charges $ 14.95 to repair but wanted to charge me $ 54.95 because I purchased from amazon . Do not purchase if you care about the warranty , and you may need it as my dryer stopped working about 16 months .
 I purchased my hairdryer through Amazon and within 9 months it flat out stopped working -- conveniently on the day that I was going to be a bridesmaid in a wedding . It would n't turn on , just went dead . Do n't waste your money on this one , it will let you down when you need it most .
 The reason the price is so low is that this is a cheap knock off and not a real Bespoke labs blow dryer . Mine stopped working after 9 mths and there is no warranty . You get what you pay for I guess .
 I bought this product because I though it was a great price . I should n't have bought it , it came with no serial number which meant no warranty . It does not work like the real T3 at all because it is not . Waste of money . I cant believe amazon is selling this .
 This product was recommended to me by a friend who always has good hair . I bought it and I am dissappointed with as its so slow . I thought since I was paying so much it would be quicker & better . I do n't personally like it that much . You need to have a lot of time and patience - and for that you can probably get good hair with any priced dryer .
 I was so excited to receive this hair dryer when it came in the mail ! Well if you have fine straight hair do yourself a favor . Do n't purchase this . Mybeautiful blond hair is so limp from it that it has become a waste of time using it . I tried numerous times not to put anything in it such as stylingproducts but it did not make a difference . My girlfriend who has thick curly hair whom I considered just giving it to her if she liked it said shedid n't like it at all ! It 's too late to return it which is definitely my own fault . I am looking for something else to replace it with but I am a littlehesitant to purchase over the internet .
 I bought this dryer , but when I recieved it and try it was not as powerful as i thought it would be . Then when I wanted to returne it they said they will be 15 % restucking fee which sounds really sucks . If I did not open to try it how do I know that is work for me or not.I would never ever buy anything frome discount jungle .
 Ca n't believed , only 6 months , only cold air now , totally no heat come out , dead so easily of this blow-dryer . Total disappoint that from Amazon 's warranty policy , no factory warranty ? What 's that mean ? Where are Amazon 's stock come from ? What about other products ?
 I was so excited about this dryer.Beware there is only a 30 day warranty.As a busy stylist this dryer only lasted a few months . The dryer was great at first , but now it only puts out warm air.I will never buy anything from discount jungle or amazon again
 I bought this dryer at Amazon in order to get it for $ 125 less than the MSR . In 6 months it quit working completely and I contacted Amazon about it only to be told that it was past the 30 days . I emailed Amazon a few time before posting this , in order to give then a chance to make it right , but they offer no help at all . This is when I learned that these hair dryers are ONLY sold through authorized dealers and Amazon is not one of them . So my hair dryer is possibly a copy ; it is certainly not under any kind of warranty and I just lost that $ 175 . The real deal is a fabulous dryer and I would suggest buying it for the full $ 300 and having a 4-year warranty on it.Amazon is one of the places online that I have always felt safe making purchases , but no more . Please be aware that you 're taking a chance that it may not be authentic and it might fail , and , if it does , you will have just lost a lot of money because there is no support for it .
 I was unable to keep this product due to the fact that the products box was not sealed and there was not a serial code attached to the hair dryer . This code is necessary in order to register it for it 's 5 yr warranty . When I informed Amazon of this problem , they sent me another one , and this too did not have a seal and bar code . This only leads me to wonder where are these dryers coming from ?
 I too bought this dryer and in less than 3 months the dryer was not working . When I contacted T3 they informed me that Amazon was not authorised to sell this product but they would make an exception and for a total cost of $ 50.00 they would replace my very expensive dryer.Amazon should let you know of the issues before you by any product that will not honor it 's warranty . I have used Amazon but never knew of this dirty little secret . I thought this was a customer service kind of company , well it is not .
 After purchasing this product from Amazon for Christmas I found out that it has NO guarantee that it would even work at all ! Amazon is NOT an authorized seller , therefore NO guarantee ! Talk about consumer fraud ! This should be spelled out before you make the purchase so you could make an educated decision . BESPOKE says that they are pursuing the matter in court but it 's been 6 months and they are still selling them ! I totally doubt their response .
 I purchased this hairdryer after reading all the reviews that Amazon was n't an authorized retailer for the T3 hairdryer , but I was n't too concerned since it was such a good price . Needless to say when I received the hairdryer I do n't even think it is a real T3 hairdryer . There is no serial number on the box and no serial number on the hairdryer . I went to Sephora and purchased another one with serial number on the box and a silver tape with serial number looped around the cord of the hairdryer . The amazon dryer was VERY loud compared to the one that I purchased at Sephora . The amazon dryer also blew a lot more air than the one purchased from Sephora . This really makes me question the integrity of Amazon 's practices . I have been eyeing a new DSLR camera that just dropped below $ 1,000 on Amazon and am wondering if it will be the real deal or a knock off too ?
 This is THE LAST time I order anything but books thru Amazon . I have a major probelm every time . I ordered the Featherweight Dryer with a Diffuser . Instead I got the Special Edition with NO DIFFUSER for more money ! There was NO CONTACT information on the order -- NO PHONE NUMBer -- I called Amazon and got no help at all . I had to spend more money to Order the Diffuser . So I ended up spending more money and did not get the product I ordered through the Amazon site .
 Very disappointed in the below , however since my hair dryer blew out I kept the item even through I knew it was not real thing , below is a response from the company : Amazon.com is NOT an authorized dealer . We suggest you return it for a refund immediately and refute the charge with your credit card company.Please purchase from an authorized dealer . For a list of authorized dealers please consult http://www.t3micro.com/ . If the product is not purchased from an authorized dealer , T3 Micro can not and will not guarantee that the product is authentic or warrant the product against defects , inadequate build quality and/or improper performance.Due to the popularity of our products , unauthorized dealers have sold and continue to sell , products which they contend are authentic T3 Micro Products . T3 Micro may not be able to verify the authenticity of these products and can not provide any warranty on the products sold by unauthorized dealers.Thank you ,
 I bought this product too , to get it at a lower price . But honestly , its not worth it because it broke within 3 months . The serial number on the product was not legit -LRB- should be a silver label -RRB- , so chances are the products shipped from Amazon are not `` real '' t3 hairdryers . Also considering the fact that Amazon is not a licensed distributor , you should avoid buying it because the warranty is not covered by the manufacturer . If you want to invest in this hair dryer try to find it at a local beauty store -LRB- I found one with warranty and all for $ 170 -RRB- and be sure to look for the silver serial number label !
 I usually love Amazon and buy a lot of Cd 's , books , etc. . Do n't buy this hairdryer from any discount supplier . I bought one , expected a genuine article , did n't get a manufacturer 's warranty and am stuck with a dryer that does n't get hot . I contacted the seller , and because I was certain this was authentic , I threw the box away and now I 'm on the hook for $ 100 plus . DO NOT BUY from anyone other than a seller who can provide a warranty from the manufacturer . These dryers have a tendency after a couple of years to burn up . My last one shorted right at my vanity . Scary . Get the warranty . Please .
 Upon first use to dry my hair , the dryer failed . So I really do n't know if it is the best dryer according to customer rating . I elected to return for a full refund and went with a SuperSolano 3600 .
 I bought this dryer and was skeptical , but I figured it was worth a shot . First off , they sent me the wrong model . Secondly , I believe it was a fake . Either that or a defect . The dryer was SOOOO LOUD -LRB- and I 've had a CHI hair dryer before , so I know they 're usually very quiet -RRB- . The entire dryer vibrated and shook your entire arm , it was that LOUD ! I have a very strong feeling it was a fake . I was able to get my money back and for that I gave it 2 stars , but I had to pay for shipping and waste my time going to the post office . I would not recommend .
 The T3 was sold as new . At best it is a refurb. , definitely used . The box on the outside specifically says to look for the serial number tag . There is no serial number so no warrantee . The packaging on the inside looks like it has been dragged through a parking lot . This is going back .
 Not only did this hair dryer take longer to dry than past professional dryers that I have owned , it burned my hair the two times I used it ! I 'm sending it back .
 Product arrived very poorly packed . The item was purchased new but looks like a refurbished/used blow dryer . Will be expected damage and low or no life expectancy . Would like a new one ! Very disappointed with my purchase!T3 Bespoke Labs 83888-SE Special Edition Evolution Professional Ionic Ceramic Tourmaline Hair Dryer
 I really enjoyed this dryer for the 13 months I had it . It was quiet and dried my hair faster with less frizz . Unfortunately , sparks started flying out of it last week and some small flames appeared . So out in the trash it went . I can not submit a warranty claim because I did not register it right away . Since I work and have 3 kids , that was not a priority so I am out $ 100 and back to a drugstore dryer that will last longer ...
 Beware buying this product through AMAZON.com The 4 year warranty does n't apply . I 've had mine for less than 2 years and this morning it BURNED my hair because the blower is n't working properly . Had I purchased it elsewhere I would have the warranty available to me .
 This blow dryer was a dud from the very first day I used it . The fan made a loud noise and it made my fine colored treated hair so flat . I tried so many differentproducts on my hair so I know it was not that . I tried to give it away to my girlfriend who has beautiful thick hair and she too disliked it . So I ca n't even givethis away for free . It has now been under my bed for 2 years . I do know that this is an authentic T3 blow dryer because it has all the silver labels that it is supposeto have . I feel bad that I wasted my money . This was written by `` Burkey 's '' wife Janice .
 While this hairdryer worked , it was great . But unfortunately , in just under a year , it fizzed out on me this weekend . The hot air went from hot to warm and by Saturday , sparks flew and the only setting is cold . I have a lot of hair . I do n't think it is a compliment to this hyped up product when my working hairdryer is the one I bought for $ 40 and is still running after years of use .
 I purchased this hairdryer for my wife in Christmas of 2009 for around $ 125 . The dryer no longer heats up and the warranty was only good for a year . I will not purchase this product again . The price was too high for a hair dryer that lasted less than 2 years . I am trying my luck with Iso brand due to lifetime warranty . When the hairdryer did work , my wife loved it . That is why I gave a 2 rating rather 1 . Maybe being I a guy I do n't understand , but when I spend more than a $ 100 on a product , I expect it to last more than 2 years .
 I would not purchase this item again from Amazon . This dryer stopped working within 6 months of purchase which is very unfortunate given how much it costs .
 I bought this blow dryer from Amazon which sells it through Discount Jungle and as soon as I received it , it would not turn on . I contacted the vendor and I was told that if I wanted to return it , I would be charged a restocking fee . I am appalled that this company would sell a non-working product and then charge its customers to return them . Will definitely never purchase from them again .
 I bought this dryer because Amazon was the only place it was n't out of stock . When I rec 'd it in the mail it looked nothing like the picture . I went on Bespoke Labs to sign up for the warranty & they said it was being sold through an unauthorized dealer . I spent the $ 300 for it . I shipped it back hoping they will credit my account . If I 'm buying something that xpensive it better be the real thing . This dryer was n't . I could tell because Bespoke 's name was only found on the box ... not the dryer at all . Highly disappointed that I fell for a fake ! I know how to wait until the product become available at an authorized dealer . Bespoke Labs warranty on this dryer is 4 yrs . if you go on their site . Amazon 's is only 60 days . Do n't waste your $ or time . It 's like buying a knock off Louis in New York City . Do n't do it !
 Purchased this for my daughter . She loved it ! 55 days later when it quit the story makes a U Turn . Getting in touch with customer service is next to impossible . I have finally received two emails with two different answers , this took seven business days ! To expensive to have this lack of service . Buy a different brand !
 I disagree with the comment that this spray does not have a strong smell . It 's not quite perfume , but compared to some `` traditional '' sunscreen lotions , it has a very strong floral scent.Scent aside , this product made me break out in hives everywhere that I used it -LRB- arms , neck , shoulders , back -RRB- . Obviously , I used the product only once , and then gave the remainder to a friend.I like other Neutrogena products , including some of their other `` spray '' -LRB- though non-aerosol -RRB- products like the Sunless Tanning Spray , but I would strongly * not * recommend this product to anyone with 1 -RRB- chemical/fragrance sentitivities or allergies -LRB- or with family/friends with such sensitivities -RRB- or 2 -RRB- sensitive skin .
 I like the concept of a sprayable sunblock ; however , this one has such a strong fragrance that it makes me gag . It literally leaves a trail of sunblock scent in my house . I 'd look for another sunblock .
 My friends and I went to Florida this past weekend , and , based on the reviews of this product , I bought this sunscreen and encouraged all my friends to use it . We are all fair-skinned and had not been in the sun since last summer . Not only did all of us burn to a crisp , but our sunburns are splotchy and uneven .
 My husband works outdoors and was using this product faithfully on face , neck and arms . I ca n't be in the room when he sprays it but the smell goes away pretty fast so that was n't a big deal . The big problem was his T-shirts would be stained orange at the neck and where they touched his upper arms . Scrubbing reduced the stains but wore out his shirts . Maybe it was a body chemistry thing . It kept him from burning but ruined his shirts so he no longer uses it.Has anyone else had this happen ?
 Bought this sunscreen based on news show recommendation and reviews on-line . My husband and I -LRB- who never burn with Coppertone Sport 30 -RRB- used this at the beach yesterday -LRB- we live in Florida -RRB- . We are both burnt to a crisp . The areas we applied the sunscreen to the most frequently are the areas burned the worst . I could have used baby oil or butter and not burned any more than I did yesterday . Give me back my Coppertone , please .
 I hate having to spend 45 minutes lubing up my kids just to go to the beach . So I was thrilled when I saw this ... it would be cleaner , fast ... what more could you want.Except that it did n't work ! As another reviewer noted , we came back after 2 hours and had a TERRIBLE sunburn.I guess it is back to the greased pig routine ... On the plus side , my kids now have a VERY HEALTHY RESPECT for the dangers of the sun ! They will NEVER go without sunscreen again because they know just how bad sunburn feels !
 Similar to a few others , I used this all day long this weekend out on the boat with friends . I faithfully applied it before even going outside , and again after each time I was in the water . I actually think the areas that I applied it to most got the most sunburn . This is truly the worst sunburn I 've had in ages . This product should n't be on the market !
 The smell is great , but this perfume does n't stay long at all . It is unfortunate . I do n't know if it depends on how old it is ... I may have bought something that has been expired . However , the seller assured me it was new . I am not sure how you determine the expiration and whether it is listed on the box -LRB- I through it away -RRB- , but it is a good idea to find out .
 I ordered this product because I thought it was Ultima II . It is n't . It 's a generic , in an Ultima II box . Total rip-off . I will never order from this place again . Buyers beware -- if you 're looking for Ultima II , you WILL NOT get it from here !
 Or so it seems anyway . I always liked the original and used it for many years , but this product does not work as well . It 's too gummy and heavy .
 The product has the same name tho now comes in a new-look packaging . There is an awful chemical/dead-animal smell to it now which makes it completely unusable . The ingredients have changed only slightly but enough to ruin a once great product .
 I ordered the KMS firm hold because I could n't find it here in Miami , FL , but when it arrived I knew immediately it was different from the KMS I normally buy . The texture was clumpy and it had an odd odor . I do n't know if it was do to heat or extreme cold exposure in shipping but I returned it and Amazon refunded my money .
 This is a horrible company . They are producing dryers they know spark and catch on FIRE ! Their dryers are a fire hazard & they know it ! They make it difficult to return . Charge for shipping and replacements and you pay to ship FIRE HAZARD back ! Then the new one does the same thing that is why you see them at marshalls and TJ maxx ! Be vary careful ! This is a horrible company and they need to protect consumers against Chi ! *** Warranty VOID **** if NOT purchased through salon !!!! SO if you buy on here NADA ! Really Horrible company !
 Highly recommended from hair stylist , and as a girl who loves to look beautiful as a newlywed at the time -LRB- and now pregnant and want to be a beautiful preggo lady -RRB- , of course I got one of these ! I LOVED it and used it 2-3 times a week , personal use , never dropped it -LRB- because I wanted it to last for years ... it 's an `` investment '' right ? -RRB- Right at a year , the heating element went out , no warning only cold air coming out . I called , told them because I purchased it from my hair stylist I did n't get a receipt and they refuse to do ANYTHING to fix it , and when I googled how to fix it -LRB- because I love the dryer ! -RRB- I found this is a VERY common thing to happen between 1 - 1/2 years - conveniently just out of warranty . I do n't have the money to spend $ 100 + every year on a dryer ... Guess I either have to figure out how to fix it or find another brand . But it 's 5 + starts on performance as long as it 's working , but quality just is n't there ... I 'd shop around and find better quality for the price .
 This is my 2nd Farouk CHI PRO GF 1505 and it just died after 15 months . Nothing like being late to work because your blow dryer quits working ! My previous one lasted 5 years ! Wow , talk about poor quality . I 'm ordering a Hot Tools model this time .
 Price does not mean the product is always good . I sent this unit back to manufactor twice for the same problem and it was repaired for a fee even though it was under warranty . The heating element stopped working both times after about 9 mths.It has now happened again after the second replacement within the year . I got tired of sending the unit back and forth because it cost us the shipping every time . I opened the unit to see if I can at least determine why such an expensive unit would break down 3 times for the same reason . I found that the heating coil is a very thin metal and due to over heating it burns out at the connection near the air output . You would think they would make better connections or a sturdier coil element for such an expensive unit.My recommendation is not to waste your money on Chi-Pro hair dryer .
 I thought this hair dryer was great when I first got it . My hair always seemed less fizzy and more shiny than with other hair dryers I 've used . But the motor on it stopped only 6 months after I bought it . And I do n't even blow dry my hair everyday . Maybe only a couple times per week . For $ 100 , I would think it would last longer than that .
 I bought this hair dryer in January of 2010 . Now , in December , it only blows cold air . I am not happy . For the price , one would think it should last a little longer . I see a number of other buyers also had this issue , so buyer beware!When it worked , it was fine . Quiet and powerful enough to dry my shoulder length , curly hair straight in about 6 minutes . Only two settings , low and high , so if you like lots of options or a dryer that lasts at least a year , this is not the dryer for you !
 Nice when it works . It stopped blowing hot air in less than 5 months of regular use -LRB- twice a day short hair -RRB- . Chi is VERY picky about what they will `` accept '' as a repair . We got ours new though credit card points and thus we ca n't get it repaired . The price of this thing should bring with it some reliability ... but it does n't . Do a search on the web under `` chi hair dryer stopped working '' and see what you are in for . They should rent these dryers out at five month intervals instead of selling them . You can do better elsewhere .
 This hairdryer stopped blowing hot air after 9 months , and at over $ 100 , I expected it to last much longer . When I contacted CHI , they said there is no warranty on items sold on the internet , as only salons are authorized sellers . After searching for a fix on the internet , all I found were other reviews saying that the hairdryer died out in 6-9 months or started on fire ! I will not purchase this brand again .
 I really do like this dryer this is the second one I have owned , but my most recent one broke in just over a year and ca n't be sent back . I had my first one over four years , then the heating part of it went out . My second one had the heating unit go out also but sparks flew out of it toward my hair while I was drying it , it frightened me . I am not sure I can justify spending the money to buy another one even though I really like it when it works .
 Bought this for my girlfriend . Did n't even last 6 months . Returned it about 4 months ago . Since then Farouk has given me the run around . Farouk does n't stand behind their products . I will never buy another Farouk product . Quite possibly the worst hair dryer made . Purchase at your own risk . If I could I would give this product zero stars .
 I 'm so disappointed in this hairdryer . I researched for days to find the best product and ended up with a lemon . The first time I used the hairdryer it made a funky sound , but I thought it was normal . I should 've returned it right away so I guess it 's my own fault . Well , it finally died on me the other night after owning it for a little more than a year . I do n't even use it every day ! I probably only use it a few times per month ! Again , so disappointed . All of my cheap hairdryers have lasted longer than this expensive CHI .
 At first it worked well , but it slowly started not heating up as much until it failed less than a year later . I expected it to last longer than it did at this price . I 've paid less and they lasted a lot longer .
 I loved the hair dryer until it broke ... only lasted for 5 months ... there is no more hot air coming out , only cold air ... I read reviews about this product and heard about this problem , took my chance -- and was n't on the lucky side ! Do n't buy this product , guys !
 I wanted to invest in a quality hair dryer that would last a long time and prevent frizz and flyaways . The dryer worked as expected at first - quick drying time and quiet , smoother hair after drying - but it seemed only slightly better than a regular dyer , with a MUCH higher price tag . Then after a year of only using it 3 to 4 times a week , the hairdryer completely died . As I 'm sure you can see from many of the recent reviews , this is not uncommon - for such an expensive hairdryer , this should not be the case . I certainly do not think it was worth the cost , especially considering its short life span . I 've used the Revlon Tourmaline hair dryer in the year since , which is a much more reasonable $ 19.99 , and it 's been just as good as the CHI .
 Bought this hair dryer from Amazon seller `` Payless Beauty '' for my daughter for Christmas last year . The button on the dryer that switches it to cool broke after one month . They sent a new identical dryer to replace it . . and six months later , the dryer broke again . . same problem ! I have had no response to repeated emails to try to get it replaced . My advice ; DO NOT BUY this dryer ... PIECE OF JUNK ! -LRB- could this be a cheap Chinese knockoff they are palming off as a genuine CHI product ? and DO N'T BUY FROM PAYLESS BEAUTY unless you like being ignored.Farouk CHI Pro GF 1505 1300 Watt Ceramic Anion Infared Low EMF Professional Hair Dryer
 I bought this hairdryer for my wife and it stopped working after 18 months . We bought a more expensive one like this because we thought it would last . Do n't bother buying expensive , go for the $ 35 dryers . They last just as long .
 Bought this in Jan. 2009 and was quite pleased until this morning when there was no more heat coming out . A blow dryer that only lasts 11/4 years , at this price , is not a great investment . It was never used more than a few minutes every few days . Really feel this was not worthwhile for such a short time . It seems others have had this issue too . Would not recommend this dryer .
 I loved this dryer . While it lasted.I agree with everyone 's comments about the performance of the dryer - it dries quickly and leaves your hair shiny and very easy to style . Mine lasted about 6 months before the heating element stopped working . Then you are left with a strong dryer that only blows cold air . Useless . So , if you use it every day for 6 months - that would be approx 180 uses , it cost me $ 90 at the time , so that would be 50 cents per use . Worth it for a great blow out ? Up to you ...
 I loved this hair dryer for about a year , and then it after that it would only blow cold air . This happened with two different Chi dryers , so I do n't think I got a bad one . At first , it really cut my drying time and my hair looked very nice . But I have very thick -LRB- although short - not even chin length -RRB- hair , which I guess this hair dryer can not handle . For me , it was n't worth the price for only a year of use .
 This was a great dryer until it stopped making hot air . To get warranty , it would have been a paid phone call to set up RMA and a $ 15 fee , plus shipping ... went back to my old $ 15 dryer .
 This hairdryer was great for about 11 months . I loved it and raved about it to everyone I know . However , after 11 months the power went to about half . And , 2 months later sparks/smoke came out and it completely died . RIP Chi Pro . I thought it would last longer for the money . I am very sadded by the loss . So , I am trying out a new brand , twinturbo . -LRB- recommended to be by my stylist -RRB-
 I purchased this dryer in Feb. '09 and it started sparking today while I was drying my hair . I 've never had a dryer go out so quickly - most have lasted 2-3 yrs . and cost much less . I do n't recommend this Chi dryer .
 I ordered this dryer in December of last year . Yesterday -LRB- 9/21 -RRB- it stopped blowing hot air . Only cold air comes out on any of the settings . I 've only used this dryer a couple of times a week for less than a year . So I called the customer service number . It 's under a one-year manufacturer 's warranty , but :1 . It will cost $ 15 plus shipping to send it to them .2 . They say they do n't generally warranty Chi dryers sold outside of a salon -LRB- i.e. on Amazon -RRB- but they are making an exception right now and accepting all packages . -LRB- The customer service rep said they have no way of knowing where online merchants get the dryers from and they could be counterfeit or refurbished . -RRB- So do I spend probably half of what I spent on the dryer to send it back to the company in hopes of fixing the problem ? I still have my old dryer , and I did like this one before it broke , so I probably will send it back to see if they 'll fix it . But I would think twice about ever buying a Chi product again .
 We splurged on an expensive hair dryer for my daughter only to have it stop working after 3 months ! We were then told by Amazon to contact Farouk , who said we would have to pay $ 15 and shipping to have the warranty honored . Amazon told us to ship it back to Amazon and they paid the shipping and did replace it . Thank you Amazon , but what a hassle . We only hope it lasts longer than 3 months . We like their hair straightener -LRB- which has lasted well -RRB- but will not buy another Farouk product because of this experience !
 Nice , quiet hair dryer that we liked while it lasted ... but ... I bought this hair dryer on 5/6/09 and the heating element in it is already broken ... just blows cold air now . That 's pretty disappointing for the amount of money spent on this hair dryer and with such light use -LRB- used once or twice a day -RRB- , so I recommend against buying it .
 Really not worth the hype . I usually find myself giving 5 star reviews but after one use this dryer gave up . Yes , the first use was wonderful , my hair looked great ! The next day , I was going to use it for a retouch and poof only cold air came out . What an absolute waste of money !
 I purchased this about 2.5 months ago and gave it to my son , a hairstylist . It worked beautifully until a week ago . All of a sudden , he gets nothing but cold air . Too much money to invest to get this result-so quickly ! I wished it had a better warranty . I think I would have come out better purchasing directly from the company , instead of Amazon . I just wonder if this was a 2nd or refurbished product .
 I gave this two stars because it does n't work any better than a 19.99 dryer from your local drug store . I was n't worth the effort to return it , but I would NEVER purchase another one NOR would I ever recommend spending so much money , it is a waste .
 Purchased this hair dryer six months ago and the heating element failed . Pretty short lifespan for a dryer . Called mfg. and was told warranty is VOID if purchased online -LRB- I confirmed this on Chi 's website -RRB- and they also stated Amazon is not an authorized retailer . Amazon made good on the warranty after a few phone calls and sent a replacement unit.This warranty exclusion applies to all Farouk Systems products according to the mfg. I 'm sure Amazon will honor the existing warranties but be prepared for a little extra work if your unit fails .
 I was very interested in buying a good hairdryer and started reading the reviews on this particular hairdryer . I was alarmed at the number and the content of the reviews that said that Farouk would n't honor a warranty claim on a hairdryer that did n't work so , I went directly to Farouk 's website and contacted them through their contact email asking as much . Their response was very quick and here it is -LRB- from Nancy Garcia at Farouk -RRB- : Ms Gray , FAROUK Systems does not authorize our products to be sold on-line . We can not guarantee any products sold on-line are trueCHI products . You may purchase our items at any one of our authorized retailers or salons . I am attaching a copy of ourreturn policy that gives you further details.Nancy L. GarciaCustomer Service Returns RepresenativeFarouk Systems GroupSo bottom line
 I purchased this product late Nov. , hoping I bought something that would last a very long time considering the high price of this dryer . The hair dryer worked great at first ; then just today it started to die out on me ... I noticed the plug was extremely warm . I tried it a few hours later and it was completely dead . The warranty is not valid for purchases made over the internet , so I guess I 'm out $ 80 !!
 I definitely did n't feel like i stepped out of a salon after using this hair dryer . I was hoping to eliminate the use of the flat iron with the purchase of this dryer -LRB- some of the other customers comments said they did n't have to use their flat iron -RRB- , but i guess their hair is n't as thick as mine . Girls with thick hair - this dryer is n't for you !
 Have been using my dryer for about a week . It definitely is quieter than my previous dryer , but it does NOT dry my hair any faster than other dryers . Also the dryer is heavier than any dryer I have ever used . Not worth the price tag in my opinion . I also hope it does n't die like many others have reported , not at the price you are charging .
 This is my first Amazon review , and the reason I am writing this review is to save fellow Amazon shoppers $ 100 bucks . I have purchased this item not once but THREE times . Once for myself , and twice for my mother . My mom 's stopped working after a couple of months . Do n't get me wrong , it 's a great hair dryer and I loved it ... but spending $ 100 I do not expect the hair dryer to break within the first couple of months of daily usage . My mom thought she may have just gotten a lemon hair dryer , so I bought her another one . Next , mine was the one to stop working . My hair dryer started blowing sparks out of it ! How scary and dangerous . Then , what do you know ? My mom 's had sparks flying out within a couple of months after . I decided I would never buy another one of these AWFUL hair dryers . Instead I purchased from Amazon the Revlon RV544 1875 Watt Tourmaline Ionic Lightweight Dryer for $ 19.99 ! It 's a wonderful hair dryer that is just as a good as the Chi , and 10x lighter then the Chi . It 's a ceramic hair dryer too.So my fellow Amazon shoppers - trust me when I say this , DO NOT buy this hair dryer !
 I 've had this hair dryer for about 10 months before it almost lit my head on fire . Was a regular morning as any other , drying my hair when suddenly , it shot hot sparks onto my head . I was able to avoid a full blown flaming head with quick reflexes and water by the nearby sink . There was minimal damage to my hair , but the dryer 's heating unit was toast . I called Farouk and they denied service because I did n't purchase from a salon.It 's a shame , because I actually liked the dryer . ** UPDATE January 2010 ** Amazon made an exception and replaced the hair dryer . Amazon rules ! ** UPDATE December 2010 ** The dryer 's heating unit fried again . Cold setting only . This was after minimal use in less than a year . Going to try to contact Amazon again for help .
 Ummm , well I have this great very expensive hair dryer . The Plastic is cracking apart after 60 days use . blades are vibrating also.I called Farouk the Manufacturer , they Said Amazon.com is NOT an authorized dealer so no warranty can be used . They said it is mostly likely a counterfeit.NOT COOL AMAZON !!!!
 I feel like an idiot for paying so much for a hair dryer . It worked okay for a while -LRB- nothing special , but it dried my hair -RRB- . Now I 've had it for 18 months and the heating element has failed . Turns out lots of other people have had the same problem ... and there 's no warranty.Serves me right for being dumb enough to pay so much for a hair dryer , I guess .
 Bought this hair dryer thinking it would be a high quality item -LRB- hence the price -RRB- . Is not that powerful or hot to begin with . Long story short the warranty is one year and mine burned out -LRB- no heat -RRB- after exactly 13 months of infrequent use . Buy something cheaper that wo n't be such a disappointment when it fails.And yes this is/was a true CHI product -LRB- not a knock-off -RRB- . It 's just a piece of crap . Maybe the knock-offs are better than the `` real '' made in China CHI products ?
 I bought this dryer in Dec 2009 and it stopped working in Feb 2011 . For the money that is not long enough in my book as it was not an inexpensive one . It worked great while it did work . It heats up the way a professional blow dryer does and concentrates the air flow so it does n't blow the rest of your hair around while trying to smooth sections . But again , I just ca n't see paying this kind of money for something that lasts just over a year . Would not recommend .
 Only blew out cold air after just two weeks of use . Amazon is replacing for free . I love the way it dries my hair . I have very thick hair and this dryer dries it faster than any hair dryer I 've ever used . I 'm giving it another chance.I do n't understand how a product that costs this much can have so many issues . My last hair dryer lasted 15 years and probably cost $ 15 .
 Just had to have this dryer replaced after only 8 months of casual , personal use only every second day . It still worked but would not provide heat , only cool air . For this $ $ a dryer should last a couple years . Farouk will not provide warranty for any Amazon purchases as they could be selling refurbished items apparently , so if you purchase and it stops working properly , Amazon makes good on returns if you return the broken one to them within 30 days .
 I absolutely loved this hair dryer - it dried my long , thick , hair quickly and made it smooth and shiny . When it died the first time -LRB- after about 6 months -RRB- I was able to replace it and continued to be happy with the purchase . Long story short - and THREE hair dryers later , I am unable to return the newest drier because the warranty is only 1 year and yet again it has died and only blows cold air . Considering the cost - this is a toss up .
 This was my second Chi dryer to stop working in under a year 's time , which is really disapointing considering how much they cost . This dryer worked really well until recently , when it started blowing occasional bursts of cold air . The other day it started shooting sparks -LRB- ! -RRB- and then stopped blowing hot air completely . My mother-in-law bought the same hair dryer 6 months ago , and hers did the same exact thing . Farouk only offers a year warranty , so I suppose I 'm out of luck . My next hair dryer will be a T3 dryer , which offers a 4 year warranty .
 I was very happy with this purchase . I got it on a gold box deal and paid only $ 79.99 . Even that , I considered expensive , but I thought I 'd splurge and see what all the CHI fuss was about . It worked quickly , was light and my hair looked great . Unfortuntely , when I got out of the shower this morning and plugged it in , it was dead . I bought it in late April 2007 and this is mid July 2008 , so I got 15 months of daily use out of it , but I will have to think long and hard about buying another hair dryer with only a 1 year warranty . I am very disappointed . I rationalized the cost by thinking I would use it for 5 + years .
 Do not purchase this item if you plan on using it beyond 30 days as the manufacturer does not cover the unit if it is purchased online . I bought this for my wife and it stopped working . The warranty inside the box states that it is covered for one year but that contradicts what is stated in the product description on Amazon.com . I think that this form of coverage is problematic and unfair . If the manufacturer 's warranty is not honored if sold through Amazon then Amazon should not sell it . The representative from Farouk stated that they will only warranty the unit if purchased by a professional salon . Good luck if you choose to purchase anyway .
 The CHI hair dryer was great for exactly one year . I bought it from Amazon and was super excited . Now when I turn it on it blows cool air , not hot air as it did before . I have bought less expensive hair dryers that still work after 6 years . I am very dissapointed !!! There is noone who can repair it and the price you pay for the product is not worth it .
 Bought this hair dryer thinking it would be a high quality item -LRB- hence the price -RRB- . Is not that powerful or hot to begin with . Long story short the warranty is one year and mine burned out -LRB- no heat -RRB- after exactly 13 months of infrequent use . I suggest you buy something cheaper that wo n't be such a disappointment when it fails . Many people have been having trouble with this product.By the way ; yes this is/was a true CHI product -LRB- not a knock-off -RRB- . It 's just a piece of crap . Maybe the knock-offs are better than the `` real '' CHI products ?
 I had this dryer for 1 and a half year and it just stopped working . Now I realize why it does n't come with warranty ! Even when it was working was n't anything special ! Not worth the price at all !!!
 It 's definately a nice hair dryer while it 's working , but mine only last 3 months past the warranty and the company offers no repairs , no service , no replacements , they actually told me you just need to throw it away . It would seems like decent customer service if they at least offered a way to recycle it ? but no. 15 months and it 's garbage . I would n't buy any products from this company every again .
 Loved , loved , loved this hair dryer but it just went cold after 376 days . Not acceptable for such an expensive hair dryer .
 This is the second Chi Pro gf1505 I have purchased in 18 months . I liked the way it dried my hair and thought that maybe the failure of my first one after 8 months was a fluke . NO , it is a horrible product that does not last . The new one also failed and now just blows cold air just like the first . I work from home and do not even use this dryer every day . It got used about 3 times a week . I would not recommend anyone spend the money on this product . If you research it online you will see that not only does the heating element fail very frequently it is also a fire hazard and the plug will become very hot for no reason . Please beware and warn all you know.This company does not back up their product at all . DO NOT PURCHASE THIS .
 I love my CHI straightener , however this hair dryer was a total miss . It is quiet which is nice , but it did n't provide any less frizz , especially in the Florida humidity . My biggest complaint with this product is that the on/off button is exactly where you hold the dryer so during the drying process , you are constantly turning it off ... HUGE ISSUE ! This was really not what i was expecting and definitely not what I wanted : -LRB-
 I 've been using this CHI hair dryer for about a month now and really do n't like it . It does not put out as much hot air , or dry my hair as fast as my Rusk hairdryer . Sure it makes your hair look better/pretty , but it takes twice as long as what I 'm used to .
 This dryer worked great for about six months , then the heating element went . I expected a bit more for a $ 100 + dryer . I have short thin hair , so it definately was n't over use that caused the dryer to go . This vendor was not interested in a return and I made the mistake of buying a second Chi dryer from them . This one only lasted three months before the heating element went . This vendor was actually rude about my request for an exchange . An all around disapointing transaction .
 I PURHCASED THE CHI PRO GF 1505 1300 WATT CERAMIC ANION INFARED LOW EMF PROFESSIONAL HAIR DRYER IN MARCH 2010 AND IN MARCH 2012 THE HEATING ELEMENT STOPPED WORKING . I EXPECTED THIS PRODUCT TO LAST LONGER THAN ONE COSTING A LOT LESS MONEY BUT NO SUCH LUCK . I HAVE VERY SHORT HAIR AND DID NOT USE THE DRYER DAILY . ON THE DAYS I USED THE HAIR DRYER IT WAS FOR LESS THAN 5 MINUTES . I WILL NOT BUY ANOTHER CHI PRODUCT .
 I 've purchased 3 of these hair dryers over the past 3 years and all 3 no longer gave off heat . Each of them lasted over 6 months but from there it was downhill .
 I bought 2 in Feb 2009 , and both broke down recently . So they are great when they work , but they do n't last very long .
 Do n't purchase this hair dryer , they only last 6 months or so . After the initial purchase , unit did not heat or work . Returned to mfr . under warranty but costs $ 15 for shipping and handling . They only provide 90 day warranty on the returned unit . The returned/repaired unit -LRB- actually was replaced with a new one -RRB- only lasted 6 months and now not working again . Customer service at Farouk Systems - -LRB- Chi Hair Dryers -RRB- only stated that this unit had a 90 day warranty . Theydid not seem to care that the units stop working or willing to offer any type of replacement or discount for another unit . The Quality of the units vs. the high cost of the unit does not seem to equate to the mfr 's review or our expectations . Thought it would last longer than 6 months for an expensive hair dryer like this . Take caution before purchasing these units -- may not be worth the cost .
 Purchased the Farouk Chi GF1505 and on the 3rd day it stopped making heat ! After searching the reviews ... I see that I am not alone ! Numerous complaints on the `` heating element '' burning out within 6 months to a years time . Go with the BabylissPro Nano Titanium Portofino instead .
 I would highly recommend another blow dryer . I purchased this blow dryer a little over a year ago for my fiance , she did like to while it lasted . Problem is it did n't ... It now only blows cold air . I contacted the company and they told me sorry the product is no longer under warranty . I don ' know ... I guess when you spend double what most blow dryers cost you kinda expect a little more . Its now on the way to the garbage dump were it belongs ...
 I purchased this dryer because I owned a Chi previously which I loved . That one lasted me for over five years - this one lasted for less than 6 months . For the money I paid , I would expect better quality . The dryer no longer gets even close to warm , which makes it impossible to dry hair .
 I was sucked in by the positive reviews of this product , but unfortunately , this did n't work any better than a $ 20 dryer from Target . I 've been using it for the past 15 months and , like several other reviews stated , the heating element failed . So now I 'm out $ 80 and just went back to Target and bought a Conair for $ 20 . Would NOT recommend this product .
 I had this dryer for just over a year and a half and used it almost daily . The heating element just went out the other morning.I 'm very disappointed because it was the best dryer I 've ever owned . It was n't too loud , kept my hair from getting frizzy and used less electricity than other dryers . However , I 've had cheapo dryers from the drug store last longer . I did n't expect and expensive dryer like this to break so quickly .
 I 've had this dryer for only six months and it 's already broken . I use it once a day and about a month ago it started intermittently blowing cold air . Today sparks flew and it went completely cold . Way too expensive for such a short life . Was great while it lasted though : - /
 Fix It !!! It 's disappointing that this expensive dryer does n't last longer!First , if your CHI Pro GF 1505 has stopped working in a short amount of time for an expensive dryer you bought expecting to last for years , there 's a simple fix . If your warranty has expired , try removing the plastic -LRB- grey -RRB- cover . -LRB- the end the air comes out of -RRB- It 's held in place with one tiny screw . Then remove the `` jacket '' surrounding the heating element simply by pulling straight and firm on the end . Look at the elements , where they connect to the copper plate . One side may be disconnected and it 's easy to reconnect . Uncrimp the crimp connector , genlty brush or blow out the burned portion of the element , slide and stretch some of the existing heat element into the connector and recrimp it . Test it to see if that fixes the problem . If it works , put it back together . These elements get to hot where they connect to wire connector when the dryer is ran on high heat for more than a couple of seconds and they fry at the connection site and break away . Making a new connection fixes the `` no heat '' problem . This fix will last as long as the heating element does n't fry at the connection site again . If anyone else has suggestions on fixing a broken dryer not under warranty , share your suggestions . If the dryer you 've fixed works a little longer , great . If it does n't work , at least you tried to fix it ! If it sparks or throws flames - please do n't attempt to dry your hair with it , toss it and for safety sake , buy a new one.Second , you 'll see when you open the dryer that it 's not a ceramic heat element but a wire coil heating element . It 's really the same as any other dryer when you look at the insides and compare to other dryers . Next time you go dryer shopping , do n't be fooled by the expensive -LRB- overpriced -RRB- dryers .
 I really liked this product when I purchased . Lightweight , dries your hair quickly , quiet etc. . But after 12 months of normal use , it 's a broken hair dryer . It only blows cold air . Really disappointed . I have a few `` cheap '' hair dryers that I 've had for years and I was going to give away since I had this one . Luckily I 've kept them or I would be w/out a hair dryer now . I noticed that this dryer does get really hot - probably why it dries your hair so quickly but wondering if this burns it out faster than other ones . After reading other reviews , seems like it is a common problem with these dryers and no warranty coverage when you buy through Amazon -LRB- other than 30 day warranty -RRB- .
 I bought this product in Feb. 2009 and I used it to blow dry my hair every day like normal . I loved this blow dryer until it went out on me ! All of the sudden one day in Dec. 2010 it just stopped putting out heat and now it just blows cold air ! For how much this blow dryer cost , I would expect it to last longer ... It did n't even last 2 years !
 I purchased this dryer primarily because it 's a 1300 watt dryer . My old building can not handle the typical 1800-watter . Upon opening the item , I was n't impressed by the quality of the thing -- for an expensive hair dryer , it looked like a party favor at a kid 's birthday party circa 1992
 I bought this hair dryer from Amazon about 18 months ago and finally it decided only to blow cold air as other reviews stated . For such an expensive hair dryer , I really expect it will work at least a few more years . Long story short , after hearing my complain for a few days , my husband decided to try to fix it . He opened it up and found one side of the heating element is disconnected . He reconnected it and now the dryer is blowing hot air again . I am posting a few images to show the process and hope can help others with same problem .
 I have very thick , unruly hair so when a friend recommended the Farouk CHI , I jumped on it . I loved how quickly it dried my hair and while it was n't salon quality , my hair was less frizzy . After a few months , I started noticing a burning smell from the unit . The smell became much more noticeable so I decided it was time to call Amazon . After speaking to a representative and then his supervisor , I learned that a -RRB- Amazon only covers defects discovered within 30 days and b -RRB- the manufacturer 's warranty is void if it is not purchased from a salon . Needless to say , I was not pleased . If you 're spending money on a hair dryer , it should last but this is not the case . I 've discovered that the pricier the hair product , the more complicated the technology and therefore , the likelier it is to break down . If you 're going to buy a hair dryer or flat iron , go to Sephora or Nordstrom 's - so when it breaks down , you will have recourse . As an aside , Amazon did the right thing and gave me a refund . However , I will be more careful about reading the fine print for future purchases .
 I read the reviews and i took the chance . What more can i say ? Bought the Dryer July 20th and it stopped working today . The heat just stopped . It now only blows cold air . I 've always bought my hairdryers at wal-mart . Just basic $ 20 - $ 30 dryers and they lasted for years . Unfortunately this one just barely made 6 months . I would n't mind but it was the most expensive one i ever bought and no warranty cause i bought on Amazon . I will also add that i never really noticed too much of a difference from the $ 20 - $ 30 ones i 've bought .
 After using this dryer for 5 months I noticed a hot spot or bright red/orange spot on the heating element . I asssumed it was normal . After that happened for about a week the hair dryer 's heating element failed . Called Farouk and they told me that since it was purchased from Amazon the warranty is VOID and they also stated Amazon is not an authorized retailer .
 Initially I really liked this hair dryer , it did dry my hair and leave it less frizzy than previous dryers . It is a bit heavy , but you get used to it . I purchased this item 2 years ago and it just broke today . I typically use the dryer about 3 times a week , so it was n't even used every day . I was in the middle of drying my hair this morning when sparks started shooting out of the dryer into my hair , and the heating element went out . I only had a few singed hairs , thank goodness , it could have been a lot worse . I would love to have left a good review , however if I 'm spending $ 120 on a hair dryer it needs to last longer than 2 years . My last hair dryer was a Conair and it only cost $ 30 and lasted me over 6 years . Buyer beware ...
 Do n't do it gal ! I purchased this hairdryer and it stopped working after 4 months , no longer blows out hot air , which is kinda crucial for a hairdyer . Seller wo n't respond to my request for a refund . Save you money do n't buy this hairdryer !!! Farouk CHI Pro GF 1505 1300 Watt Ceramic Anion Infared Low EMF Professional Hair Dryer
 Was great when it worked but it stopped working after 13 months of purchase . I called customer service and I was told that they can not do anything as my warranty has expired . No Repairs , no discounts , no replacement , basically NO HELP.Great product with absolutely pathetic customer service .
 I 've stayed loyal to this hair dryer for 6 years now . My first one lasted 5 years then started making awful loud noises and shooting sparks out of it , 5 years is a long time to have a hair dryer work so I was pleased with it but obviously needed a new one ; so , last July I purchased the same exact dryer . Within 7 months it started turning off and not turning back on , almost as if it 's over-heating , now it gets so hot that it 's literally frying my hair . I went to my hair dresser last week and she told me that all my breakage was being caused from the hair dryer , I 've also noticed my bathroom smelling of burnt hair after I blow it dry and my hair is MUCH more dull than it ever has been . I 'll definitely be sending this back to Chi -LRB- I bought it from a beauty supply store so my warranty is still good -RRB- and purchasing something else and working on restoring my hair over the next 6-12 months . Highly disappointed and honestly ticked off that my hair is so damaged now .
 I received my Chi as a gift from my husband -LRB- purchased on Amazon -RRB- November 2009 . Today -LRB- June 2011 -RRB- my Chi no longer blows hot air . I knew full well that it would not be covered under the warranty but figured it was worth the risk because of the much lower price . I take very good care of my hair appliances -LRB- as soon as I am done using them , they go back into the drawer -RRB- and I have never dropped the dryer . I am disappointed that I now have to replace my dryer . Luckily we have a back up dryer at home because there is nothing worse than needing to dry your hair so you can get out the door for the day and your dryer stops working ! I have not yet decided whether to risk getting another CHI . I love the long cord . I guess it is now time to research more hair dryers .
 When I first bought this I was excited because CHI is supposed to make a quality product . Boy was I wrong . It worked fine like any regular dryer would except that it dried my hair a lot faster than my old dryer and quiet considering it was a more powerful dryer . Those are probably the only differences . For the money I had higher expectations . After 1 year the heating element died !!! A dryer this pricey should have lasted several years . Thankfully I did n't throw out my old Conair which I went back to using . I 've had the Conair for almost 9 years and probably paid less than half for the CHI . Not worth the money I paid .
 I have fine hair and was hoping that this blow dryer would give me more body . It DID NOT . It made my hair feel even more baby fine and I ca n't even get the same body I got from a cheapo dryer . I even tried washing my hair and using no conditioner . My hair turned out even softer and laid flat on my head . This one is a dud if you have fine hair .
 I bought this lotion because I really like tea tree products and do n't mind the smell . I carefully read the ingredients list and thought I was purchasing a product with no added artificial fragrance . This is not the case . If you do n't mind the artificial smell of cinnamon/sandalwood , you might like this lotion . If artificial fragrances bother , stay away from this lotion .
 This is a rather generic lotion . It does n't go on that well either . All it does is moisturize ; it does n't seem that it actually nourishes all that much .
 I have purchased this product many times on Amzon and have been very pleased , but this time I feel like the lotion may have been old , or watered down ... Normaly I would get an intence burning feeling after application but not with the bottle I received this time . Hardley any burn and not as dark of a tan .
 ... to find out that the perfume I bought for Mom for Christmas was OLD.She is in the hospital and will be receiving hospice care , I finally found this perfume -LRB- her favorite -RRB- here and had it shipped . While visiting for an early Mother 's Day surprise , found the perfume.It 's old ! It 's yellowed , and even smells old , not like the original . She did n't have the heart to tell me as she knew I 'd looked for it for so long.So sad .
 I ordered this for my wife for Christmas based on the good reviews . She was so excited until she sprayed it on her wrist only to find it had turned and smelled awful . I am trying to return the item but the seller is giving me the run around . Product and customer service terrible . Buy this product with caution !
 Does not work ! I have been using this product for many months . It did/does NOTHING . Waste of money , in my opinion !
 While the products are all as described , the service from Demeter Fragrance Library left much to be desired . I placed an order of 1 full sized cologne spray and two samples . My order came with a free sample which was delightful , except that one sample arrived completely shattered and the sample spray pump did not work . I contacted Demeter Fragrance Library immediately to report the issue and was advised that if I were to return the defective products they would be more than happy to exchange or replace them . I was told I would be refunded for the shipping cost for having to mail my damaged products back to them . This was not the case . While they sent me new products and refunded me for the one item I returned , I was not reimbursed shipping and it took me a week to get a hold of someone at the company who told me that they never reimburse shipping back unless you return the whole order . However , this was not what I was told the first time I called or I would have never sent it back . Now I 'm out more for the shipping than I would have been just for the broken perfume sample . The woman I spoke to basically told me that no one could have possibly told me that I would be refunded unless I shipped the whole order back to them because `` It 's never been that way so I do n't know how that could be possible . '' Way to make your customer feel great . I 'll never place an order with them again . Order from an external website if you must .
 I LOVE lime , and have found it difficult to find something lime scented that does n't combine something else with it . Knowing how Demeter generally hits things right on the head , I was excited for this to be delivered.I 'm not disappointed . It has more of a lemon-lime soda scent . I thought maybe it was just me , and had some friends try it , covering up the label , and asking them what it was - all four said lemon-lime soda . Sigh.It also seems to fade quickly , and the scent does n't stay as with most Demeter products . If you want something that smells just like a fresh cut lime , this is n't it .
 I had pretty high hopes for this scent , as I 'd had Demeter fragrances in the past and they were consistently good . Unfortunately , Tomato Seeds Cologne is n't as authentic as I hoped . Too alcohol-y and astringent , with little or no tomato scent . I 'm guessing it 's just a difficult smell to translate to a perfume , and not a lack of quality from Demeter.I might just stick to their florals .
 I smelled Tomato at a boutique a number of years ago and loved it . This stuff is hideous . It smells more like the carrying medium than tomatoes . It 's the worst thing I 've ever bought on Amazon in the past 14 years . Wish i could return it but I ca n't because it 's a flammable substance .
 When I recieve the skin doctor capillary clear , it came open and some of the cream was all over the box . I have been using it for almost two months now and my capillary has not gone away . I did n't like this product at all .
 i have used this cream before and it is truly fantastic . i notice when i do n't use it for a few days . nothing works like it . however , the one i bought from Amazon arrived half empty so i was n't impressed . it 's about my 20th jar so i do know what a full one is supposed to look like .
 Description sounds great but product arrived separated into an oily top layer and stiff gelatinous bottom layer , like old jello . They would not recombine when mixed . Might work if you get a fresh batch .
 The color I have is purple . The eyeshadow texture is kind of dry . The color is one of the prettiest shades of purple I 've seen but it has a hint of hot pink irridescent undertone which tends to look bruisy on me since my skin is reddish . I feel like without that it would look better on more skin tones .
 If you 're expecting a shiny nail polish finish , do not buy this product . It dries dull and requires a top coat .
 I bought bubbly bombshell cause the color looked tempting but was disappointed , the color is no where near what is shown in the picture it is pink just suited for little girls , guess I would pass it on to my grand daughter
 This fingernails polish arrived in a timely manner and in good order . The color is very pretty but it does n't go on well and does n't smooth out . No matter what I did I had globby brush strokes . My last attempt to salvage the product was to use polish thinner but this did n't work either . I ended up thtowing it out . I do n't recommend this product .
 I was super excited to finally find a matte polish , but when it arrived and I tried to apply it it was very difficult . I would suggest maybe having a professional apply it . It also chipped very easily .
 My daughter ordered this `` Mirror Mirror '' nail polish thinking it would be reflective and silver , like a mirror . It is not . It is gray , shiny but opaque .
 I expected a pretty bright color , but all I got is a thin watery neon looking pink that I could have purchased at the dollar store , the polish was shipped pretty quick thats why I gave 2 stars .
 This polish goes on with streaks , regardless of how long you shake it . And it takes 30 minutes to dry each coat . I decided to try Orly after becoming irritated with the increasing cost of OPI polish . After the first use I realized that Orly is cheaper , because it is inferior ! I 'm going back to OPI and will now happily pay for a better product .
 i purchased ` out of this world ' and ` it 's not rocket science ' and they are both downright weird colors . they 're dull-looking and have no depth . the color of ` it 's not rocket science ' can only be described as ` unappetizing ' and ` out of this world ' chipped off within hours , worse than most drug store brands . these look beautiful in pictures online , but dull and lifeless in person .
 I was mailed the wrong color polish and contacted the company twice with no response . Paid a premium to find exactly what I wanted online and have it shipped just to receive the wrong item .
 THIS POLISH WAS NOT A VERY ATTRACTIVE PINK . STAYED ON AS WELL AS ANY OTHER ORLY POLISH . JUST TOO BRIGHT A PINK FOR ME .
 The Chantilly Peach nail lacquer is a beautiful color , but that 's where the positives end . This nail polish does not even stay on -LRB- real nails -RRB- for 24 hours . You put it on one day , and by the next morning , it falls off . . yes . . does not chip off , but actually falls off . . in one piece , looking like a fake nail that you glued on and the glue dried up and it fell off . It 's extremely embarrassing when you 're out in public , like an event , and it happens . I gave this product several chances , putting a clear base under it , over it , under and over , also putting it on clean , unpolished nails . The exact thing happened to me every single time .
 All of these nail polishes in this line make your nails look incredibly tacky . And not to mention the texture is not good , very strange feeling , and not a good one at that .
 I have been searching high and low for leather nail polish and was so excited when I found this product . It arrived quickly . As soon as I received it I tried it out . Applied it on a Friday and it began chipping a few hours later . I am not rough with my nails ... the only reason I can think of for the quick chipping would have to be that since you ca n't apply a top coat -LRB- it will defeat the whole purpose of buying a matte finish/leather polish -RRB- then it has no protective layer . I really want to try the OPI version of this product .
 I love the color and the shimmer . But it chips so easily , even with a topcoat it seems to flake right off . It 's definitely a one day polish for me ... and not even a long day .
 The color I have is purple . The eyeshadow texture is kind of dry . The color is one of the prettiest shades of purple I 've seen but it has a hint of hot pink irridescent undertone which tends to look bruisy on me since my skin is reddish . I feel like without that it would look better on more skin tones .
 This cologne is just ok because the smell is very generic . There are at least 25 colognes with a similar clean scent . The problem with this product also lies with it 's price . This cologne is way overpriced for what it is . There are far better scents available for the same price , or up to $ 5 more . Even Cool Water which is far above this product , costs less . The people at Clinique are known for their skin products which are top-notch . But in the cologne market , they are not competitively priced to sell a lot of this scent . They probably do n't care because their meat and potatoes are the skin products they sell . But if you 're going to spend this much on a clean scent , you 'd be better off trying R DeCappucci , Vetiver , Aqua Di Silva , Gendarme , or Terre D'Hermes . There are MANY others as well .
 I was expecting something that was going to curl my hair and instead it just `` crimped '' it .
 While the products are all as described , the service from Demeter Fragrance Library left much to be desired . I placed an order of 1 full sized cologne spray and two samples . My order came with a free sample which was delightful , except that one sample arrived completely shattered and the sample spray pump did not work . I contacted Demeter Fragrance Library immediately to report the issue and was advised that if I were to return the defective products they would be more than happy to exchange or replace them . I was told I would be refunded for the shipping cost for having to mail my damaged products back to them . This was not the case . While they sent me new products and refunded me for the one item I returned , I was not reimbursed shipping and it took me a week to get a hold of someone at the company who told me that they never reimburse shipping back unless you return the whole order . However , this was not what I was told the first time I called or I would have never sent it back . Now I 'm out more for the shipping than I would have been just for the broken perfume sample . The woman I spoke to basically told me that no one could have possibly told me that I would be refunded unless I shipped the whole order back to them because `` It 's never been that way so I do n't know how that could be possible . '' Way to make your customer feel great . I 'll never place an order with them again . Order from an external website if you must .
 I LOVE lime , and have found it difficult to find something lime scented that does n't combine something else with it . Knowing how Demeter generally hits things right on the head , I was excited for this to be delivered.I 'm not disappointed . It has more of a lemon-lime soda scent . I thought maybe it was just me , and had some friends try it , covering up the label , and asking them what it was - all four said lemon-lime soda . Sigh.It also seems to fade quickly , and the scent does n't stay as with most Demeter products . If you want something that smells just like a fresh cut lime , this is n't it .
 I had pretty high hopes for this scent , as I 'd had Demeter fragrances in the past and they were consistently good . Unfortunately , Tomato Seeds Cologne is n't as authentic as I hoped . Too alcohol-y and astringent , with little or no tomato scent . I 'm guessing it 's just a difficult smell to translate to a perfume , and not a lack of quality from Demeter.I might just stick to their florals .
 I smelled Tomato at a boutique a number of years ago and loved it . This stuff is hideous . It smells more like the carrying medium than tomatoes . It 's the worst thing I 've ever bought on Amazon in the past 14 years . Wish i could return it but I ca n't because it 's a flammable substance .
 The color I have is purple . The eyeshadow texture is kind of dry . The color is one of the prettiest shades of purple I 've seen but it has a hint of hot pink irridescent undertone which tends to look bruisy on me since my skin is reddish . I feel like without that it would look better on more skin tones .
 Oh My Glob ! I ordered this product thinking that i was buying what the picture had shown . WRONG !!!!!!!! i got a red nail polish ! The picture it showed of the item was completely different ! I 'm so disappointed !!
 While the products are all as described , the service from Demeter Fragrance Library left much to be desired . I placed an order of 1 full sized cologne spray and two samples . My order came with a free sample which was delightful , except that one sample arrived completely shattered and the sample spray pump did not work . I contacted Demeter Fragrance Library immediately to report the issue and was advised that if I were to return the defective products they would be more than happy to exchange or replace them . I was told I would be refunded for the shipping cost for having to mail my damaged products back to them . This was not the case . While they sent me new products and refunded me for the one item I returned , I was not reimbursed shipping and it took me a week to get a hold of someone at the company who told me that they never reimburse shipping back unless you return the whole order . However , this was not what I was told the first time I called or I would have never sent it back . Now I 'm out more for the shipping than I would have been just for the broken perfume sample . The woman I spoke to basically told me that no one could have possibly told me that I would be refunded unless I shipped the whole order back to them because `` It 's never been that way so I do n't know how that could be possible . '' Way to make your customer feel great . I 'll never place an order with them again . Order from an external website if you must .
 I LOVE lime , and have found it difficult to find something lime scented that does n't combine something else with it . Knowing how Demeter generally hits things right on the head , I was excited for this to be delivered.I 'm not disappointed . It has more of a lemon-lime soda scent . I thought maybe it was just me , and had some friends try it , covering up the label , and asking them what it was - all four said lemon-lime soda . Sigh.It also seems to fade quickly , and the scent does n't stay as with most Demeter products . If you want something that smells just like a fresh cut lime , this is n't it .
 I had pretty high hopes for this scent , as I 'd had Demeter fragrances in the past and they were consistently good . Unfortunately , Tomato Seeds Cologne is n't as authentic as I hoped . Too alcohol-y and astringent , with little or no tomato scent . I 'm guessing it 's just a difficult smell to translate to a perfume , and not a lack of quality from Demeter.I might just stick to their florals .
 I smelled Tomato at a boutique a number of years ago and loved it . This stuff is hideous . It smells more like the carrying medium than tomatoes . It 's the worst thing I 've ever bought on Amazon in the past 14 years . Wish i could return it but I ca n't because it 's a flammable substance .
 The color I have is purple . The eyeshadow texture is kind of dry . The color is one of the prettiest shades of purple I 've seen but it has a hint of hot pink irridescent undertone which tends to look bruisy on me since my skin is reddish . I feel like without that it would look better on more skin tones .
 While the products are all as described , the service from Demeter Fragrance Library left much to be desired . I placed an order of 1 full sized cologne spray and two samples . My order came with a free sample which was delightful , except that one sample arrived completely shattered and the sample spray pump did not work . I contacted Demeter Fragrance Library immediately to report the issue and was advised that if I were to return the defective products they would be more than happy to exchange or replace them . I was told I would be refunded for the shipping cost for having to mail my damaged products back to them . This was not the case . While they sent me new products and refunded me for the one item I returned , I was not reimbursed shipping and it took me a week to get a hold of someone at the company who told me that they never reimburse shipping back unless you return the whole order . However , this was not what I was told the first time I called or I would have never sent it back . Now I 'm out more for the shipping than I would have been just for the broken perfume sample . The woman I spoke to basically told me that no one could have possibly told me that I would be refunded unless I shipped the whole order back to them because `` It 's never been that way so I do n't know how that could be possible . '' Way to make your customer feel great . I 'll never place an order with them again . Order from an external website if you must .
 I LOVE lime , and have found it difficult to find something lime scented that does n't combine something else with it . Knowing how Demeter generally hits things right on the head , I was excited for this to be delivered.I 'm not disappointed . It has more of a lemon-lime soda scent . I thought maybe it was just me , and had some friends try it , covering up the label , and asking them what it was - all four said lemon-lime soda . Sigh.It also seems to fade quickly , and the scent does n't stay as with most Demeter products . If you want something that smells just like a fresh cut lime , this is n't it .
 I had pretty high hopes for this scent , as I 'd had Demeter fragrances in the past and they were consistently good . Unfortunately , Tomato Seeds Cologne is n't as authentic as I hoped . Too alcohol-y and astringent , with little or no tomato scent . I 'm guessing it 's just a difficult smell to translate to a perfume , and not a lack of quality from Demeter.I might just stick to their florals .
 I smelled Tomato at a boutique a number of years ago and loved it . This stuff is hideous . It smells more like the carrying medium than tomatoes . It 's the worst thing I 've ever bought on Amazon in the past 14 years . Wish i could return it but I ca n't because it 's a flammable substance .
 for the name brand and cost , I expected better . You have to use at least 4 coats to get good overall coverage with no brush marks . Starts coming off the day following application . Not a good value for the money spent .
 The nail polish was to light . The picture is very different than what I received . I gave it to my daughter and she liked it .
 I was convinced to buy this product because I LOVE my Chi flat iron , which I 've owned for a few years now . However !!! This product simply stopped working one morning after less than two months . I was extra careful with it since it 's the most I 've ever paid for a blow dryer . So disappointed , it 's really not worth the trouble !
 I really liked this dryer . Both lightweight and nice and hot . However they warranty is only 12 months and sure enough at 13 months the heating element no longer functions . Get a dryer with a better warranty .
 This Chi \ Farouk professional hair dryer is of Uniquely Superior design . As such , it is a favorite among higher tier salon hair stylists -- when they can get a well assembled , working unit.Recently , stylists have had difficulty getting this model from professional beauty suppliers . When they are available , this model runs from $ 134 to $ 149 . You can get one off eBay for $ 65 to $ 80 plus shipping . You can buy one here at Amazon for $ 94 and free shipping . You take a huge risk buying one from an eBay seller.I say huge risk for Two Reasons . Chi got good quality build from Korea . About two years ago they switched to China , which proved a nightmare for retailers , & for buyers . The quality was random . Chi \ Farouk may have talented engineers but marketing needs some basic ethics training . They flooded the market with the shabby made in China hair dryers but carefully protected Chi 's high profit margin by doing something shady . Their one year warranty is good ONLY for units purchased from AUTHORIZED retailers . Most buyers do not know this until they get a defective unit.In the fine print , Chi informs buyers of this and lists the narrow category of retailers they license to sell Chi hair dryers , specifically professional beauty suppliers and select hair salons ! Yet , they liberally market & sell them to any retailer who wants to sell them , pass on their official marketing photos and advertising pitch and warranty , minus any mention about limiting warranty to only units purchased from authorized sellers !! Fly-by-night is the word for this scam.I knew the risk of getting a made in China unit from Amazon but I also know Amazon 's stand up refund and exchange policy . My wife & her hair stylists needed new dryers as their 2.5 to 3 year old Korea made dryers were dying . They were using retired backup Chi units.I ordered one from Amazon , kept the box & packing material . The initial test went well . An hour into the first work day , the unit began making a strange noise and the blower began blowing too hard . The professionals know that a Chi dryer that does that will breakdown within 30 days . When the beauty supply rep stopped by , he listened to it and agreed . `` Send it back . '' We repacked it . I got a return for refund label online and dropped it off at a UPS store . Amazon paid return shipping.Its like this . If I knew a product buyer at Amazon.Com , I would advise the company to return all these made in China Chi dryers for a refund . The quality control average is low enough on these China made dryers that Amazon stands to lose a lot of money on them . In effect , their return policy & Chi 's gymnastic warranty leaves Amazon the de facto warrant-or of these hit & miss assembled hair dryers.Soon , USA made Chi/Farouk dryers will be available . We are waiting to buy them.If you decide to risk buying one be sure to buy from Amazon . Be warned that Amazon 's liberal return policy is good for 30 days . Make sure you read it carefully and follow it to the letter from the moment you receive your dryer . You also need to be aware that many of the China made dryers work fine for ONE to THREE months before failing.SIDE NOTE
 I am a professional stylist and purchased this dryer about a year ago . Within the first six months , it was making a terrible metallic sound and stopped heating properly . I sent it into to be fixed , and after a few months it is now only blowing cold air . This is ridiculous for such a high priced item - several stylists within the salon have cheaper brands that have lasted them for years . On top of that , two other CHI dryers in the salon have broken , including one that sparked and caught flame . I have tried emailing the company several times and have gotten no response , as have the other stylists . I was very unimpressed at their product and their terrible customer service . DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT .
 I gave the product as a Christmas present and it was opened on Christmas day . Less than a month from then it began smoking and making very loud noise . I contacted the seller , Discount Jungle and they told me to contact the manufacturer , the manufacturer told me that they did n't sell to this vendor and it may be a counterfeit . I then contacted Discount Jungle again and they told me they could only replace it because it had been over 30 days since purchase . I want a refund because if there is a possibility that it is not a real product I certainly do n't want another one . However , Amazon has benn wonderful and has assured me that it will be resolved to my satisfaction .
 EDIT
 I heard so much about Chi and I decided to pay the extra dollars for it . I t worked fine for the first year and then one day sort of exploded while I was holding it . So as you can imagine - I do n't use it anymore and will not buy Chi I guess since I 've read similar stories even about their 1 inch flat iron . Too bad - you 'd think Chi would deal with their problems given the frequency of very similar experiences.Thank you for people writing about these problems though .
 I have purchased 2 of these hairdryers now and experienced same result with both dryers . After 18 months or so the heater cores went and they only blew cold air . Definitely not a good long term investment as I found out twice .
 I absolutely loved my chi hairdryer . I have very thick hair and it decreased drying time plus it did n't get too hot . However , it just broke after only 16 months . The heating element stopped working and now it only produces cold air , which is as good as completely broken in my book . It does n't fall under warranty , so now I am left without a hairdryer . I have had cheap hairdryers that lasted years longer than this one . I did see the other review about the heating element breaking , but I hoped that was a fluke . It appears this product is just defective . Take my advice and do n't waste your money unless you are willing to pay again in less than a year and a half .
 I really liked this dryer because it got hot and dried my long , thick hair fast . But now , after only 1 year , it only blows cold air . This is not what I was expecting from such an expensive dryer .
 my CHI turbo stopped blowing hot air after 18 months of mild use . worked great up until then , but for the money , i 'd expect it to last longer . what 's worse is their customer service tells you `` sorry - nothing we can do '' .
 DO NOT ORDER FROM THIS SELLER!I had problems with this dryer 2 months after I purchased it . The Seller , `` DISCOUNTSJUNGLE '' , told me that I had passed the 30 day warranty and should try the manufacturer.Farouk , the company that makes CHI products , told me that they have NO authorized web retailers and that my dryer is most likely a counterfeit.DO NOT buy Farouk products from any web retailers - affiliated with Amazon or not . I 'm afraid that I am out $ 110 .
 I had previously owned one of these hair dryers and loved the product , so I ordered a new one . Owned the other one for 5 years , great product ... This new dryer came and the first time I turned it on it was apparent it was defective , the motor was making a terrible sound . I followed Amazon 's return policy and sent an email to supplier Omni requesting a number so that I could return the product for a full refund . Omi still has not responded to my email which Amazon confirmed to me that it had been sent.I will never buy another product on Amazon , and I will never buy another CHI Turbo EMF hairdryer . I am sure this was another inferior Chineese manufactured product.Buyer beware !!!
 I will never buy this brand again . It used to be good quality , but not anymore . After 1 week , the concentrator attachment melted . Then less than 6 months later it just completely stopped working . I dont even want to turn it in for a replacement under warranty - Im ready to move on to better quality hair dryers .
 Had my Chi hair dryer for a little over a year , then it started sparking while I was using it and afterwards would only blow cold air . I spent a lot of money on it and it did n't last near as long as other dryers I 've purchased for $ 20 . Do n't waste your money on it .
 I purchased the Chi Pro Low EMF dryer and it worked well until I had it several months . After 12 months , I noticed that it took 5-7 seconds to heat . Then after I had it for 14 months , it stopped heating completely . I contacted the Chi/Farouk company and was told that they only warrant their dryers for 12 months . It is too expensive a hair dryer to last just a little over a year . I have had several much less expensive dryers that have lasted much longer . I do not recommend this product .
 I bought this for my wife for Valentines Day . I like to buy quality items and I was n't scared by the price . She loved the gift but within a couple of months that turned to frustration . The switch for the cool-shot is nothing more than a cheap Chinese-made momentary on/off switch that is activated by the plastic button on the handle . This switch became stuck and therefore would only blow cold air , requiring me to open the case and switch it back . Eventually I removed the button to prevent the switch from being activated . In 11 months after purchasing the hair dryer the heating elements no longer heated so to the trash it went . Do make a mistake of buying hair dryers from CHI . On a positive note , the CHI straightening iron I bought along with the hair dryer is still working great .
 I bought this from a salon . I have only used it for a couple months . LISTEN PEOPLE ! - it is now ONLY BLOWING COLD AIR !!! SEVERAL people here on AMAZON have warned buyers about this . IF it has n't happened to you YET , it WILL happen EVENTUALLY.I am now shopping for another brand that wo n't be a total RIPOFF !! -LRB- and by the way , CHI is trying to WIGGLE OUT OF replacing/repairing it !!! -- TOTAL JUNK ! -RRB-
 I bought this hair dryer for a Christmes present . It stopped working last week . It started making noise , then smoking , then it quit . It has a 1 year warranty . I need to know how to return it for a replacement.Thanks , Kelly Keels
 The heating element broke on 3 different units after less than 9 months of continuous use . This product is a lemon .
 I thought this hair dryer was great until it stopped heating after a few months . There are other salon quality hair dryers out there in the same price range that dry as well as Chi but are much more reliable . I would not recommend purchasing any Chi product after this experience .
 I bought this hair dryer about 18 months ago and within a year 's time , the hair dryer started to give intermittent heat , which is very frustrating . It would emit heat and then switch automatically to cool hair while I just waited to switch back , very poor quality and very disappointing . On top of that , the diffuser attachment would not stay on ! Farouk will not stand behind their product if you bought it anywhere on the internet , which is unfortunate because it 's still their product and should have some means of satifying customers . Most of the reviews for this hair dryer are consistent to this and maybe one or two get lucky and do n't have problems , but if you 're spending $ 100 on a hair dryer , you do n't rely on luck ! This product just does n't deliver ! I would not recommend this product , it is not reliable , poor quality and not worth it . Try the T3 Featherweight or the T3 Evolution , they are more costly , but if you are serious about your hair dryers and want something that will last , try one of the T3 's , but do NOT buy the CHI Farouk products.Chicago , IL
 I am a professional and used this blow dryer for a year . There were a few pro 's
 Nice in that it is very quiet and does n't burn my hair . However , I 've had two in the past 3 years and they both did the same thing - stopped blowing hot air . I will never waste this much money again on a dryer .
 Bought this dryer 13 months ago . Loved it for the 13 months it worked but it quit heating up completely this morning . The price is too high for its short life span . Other reviewers have had similar experiences .
 It looks great and it works great when it works . The first two times it was used it worked great . On the third attempt to use the dryer it would not turn on . The GFCI appeared to be working correctly as it would trip when the test button was pushed but resetting it did not help . The dryer was completely dead . I am returning it for a refund . This dryer is way over priced for this kind of quality -LRB- lack of quality -RRB- ! Update
 I did not buy this from Amazon , but from another retailer and want to warn everyone ! Mine started to blow cold air after only two and a half months . I have heard that CHI has sold the manufacturing and are using very cheap parts now . They are crap ! Spend a little extra and get a better quality dryer , these are overpriced and poor quality now .
 Purchased this 1 and a half years ago . It broke so I called the company . They told me to throw it out a buy a new one . Of course !! The guarantee it one year and after that they have no place to send it and no parts available . DONT SUPPORT COMPANIES LIKE THIS .
 Stoped working after 3 days . This item was a fake . I bought one at a retail location and their were major differences in the same model .
 This is the second of these hairdryers I have bought . My previous dryer -LRB- purchased new on ebay -RRB- was fabulous !! It lasted for almost 10 years until it finally died . And I have very curly hair that I blow dry all the time.Something must have changed in how the dryers are made or this supplier just sells faulty dryers . This dryer is TERRIBLE . I have had it for a little over a year and a half and it is already dying . It takes forever to get hot and the flow of air on the highest setting is significantly reduced from what it was when I first bought the dryer . In addition , during use it will stop getting hot for a minute and then go back . And all this is with limited use as I now get my hair straightened and do n't need the dryer to straighten my curly hair . For this price I expect things to last a lot longer !! Because of my previous experience I disregarded the other reviews . Big mistake . Wish I would have listened and saved my money for a better dryer . Do not buy this terrible dryer !
 I am done with Chi products . I bought some Chi products about six years ago - a hair dryer and a flat iron . They both lasted a long time - but recently I 've had to replace them . My hair dresser told me to avoid Chi b/c they 've since changed and their products are junk . She is so right . I bought this Chi dryer in July of 2011 . It died within a month and Farouk did fix it - but I had to pay to ship it and pay $ 15 , and I received a new hair dryer . Its been fine until today - it died again . So it lasted about a year . I only use it once a day , so a professional would use it many times per day - likely for her it would die in a month or so ! Its past the warranty though so I 'm done . I will buy a product my hair dresser recommended instead . Bummer . . that 's A LOT of money to be out so fast . I would have been better off buying a cheapie dryer from Target and hoping it lasts a year !
 I do not recommend this particular model . I love the brands but this model must be defective . The first one I received never worked . I received a replacement and it worked for about 4 months and now blows only cold air . Try a different one !
 I have enjoyed the Chi brand hair dryers for several years but it seems the elements tend to burn out early . The last two Ultra Chi hair dryer elements have failed early . The first one at 13 months and the second one at 8 months . Not gon na bother with the warranty procedure . I am giving another brand a chance to shine .
 I was very excited about this product because of all the positive reviews I read . However , I used the hairdryer once and 2 days later when I went to use it again - it was dead . I went online and tried troubleshooting it a few different ways , clicking the grounding button in and out - still nothing . When I printed out the return label to send it back I got a message - this product is not available for `` replacement '' , so I just had to ask for a refund . It 's a real bummer since I already discarded my old hunk of junk hair dryer . Now I 'm afraid to order the same product again - so I 'll replace it with a different hair dryer : -LRB-
 I 've had this hair dryer for a little less than two years & the heating element went out on it . You 'd think for the price and the name it would last longer than my cheapy hair dryer I use in the other bathroom . Amazing , is n't it ? The blow dryer started spitting sparks , so I turned it off and checked it over . When I turned it back on , it only blew cold air . Very frustrating . Guess you DO N'T get what you pay for in this instance ...
 while the chi turbo hairdryer is so terrific at the beginning by six months or less it blows cold air only and then it starts smoking i would NOT recomend this product to anyone i tried to get a re fund and was denied sandra from Reading PA
 Agree with the other reviews posted . Heating element broke approximately 1 year and 4 months after purchase . Not worth it for the high price . Previously purchased a CHI hair dryer that lasted 5 years ! Wish I had read these reviews prior to purchase . Recently had a CHI straightener also die after less than one year of use . Used to love CHI products , but am now considering switching to another brand entirely . Too bad .
 Product was never used because it was broken when received . Would not order from this supplier again . Service very slow . I have always been happy with Amazon but not this sub-supplier .
 While the products are all as described , the service from Demeter Fragrance Library left much to be desired . I placed an order of 1 full sized cologne spray and two samples . My order came with a free sample which was delightful , except that one sample arrived completely shattered and the sample spray pump did not work . I contacted Demeter Fragrance Library immediately to report the issue and was advised that if I were to return the defective products they would be more than happy to exchange or replace them . I was told I would be refunded for the shipping cost for having to mail my damaged products back to them . This was not the case . While they sent me new products and refunded me for the one item I returned , I was not reimbursed shipping and it took me a week to get a hold of someone at the company who told me that they never reimburse shipping back unless you return the whole order . However , this was not what I was told the first time I called or I would have never sent it back . Now I 'm out more for the shipping than I would have been just for the broken perfume sample . The woman I spoke to basically told me that no one could have possibly told me that I would be refunded unless I shipped the whole order back to them because `` It 's never been that way so I do n't know how that could be possible . '' Way to make your customer feel great . I 'll never place an order with them again . Order from an external website if you must .
 I LOVE lime , and have found it difficult to find something lime scented that does n't combine something else with it . Knowing how Demeter generally hits things right on the head , I was excited for this to be delivered.I 'm not disappointed . It has more of a lemon-lime soda scent . I thought maybe it was just me , and had some friends try it , covering up the label , and asking them what it was - all four said lemon-lime soda . Sigh.It also seems to fade quickly , and the scent does n't stay as with most Demeter products . If you want something that smells just like a fresh cut lime , this is n't it .
 I had pretty high hopes for this scent , as I 'd had Demeter fragrances in the past and they were consistently good . Unfortunately , Tomato Seeds Cologne is n't as authentic as I hoped . Too alcohol-y and astringent , with little or no tomato scent . I 'm guessing it 's just a difficult smell to translate to a perfume , and not a lack of quality from Demeter.I might just stick to their florals .
 I smelled Tomato at a boutique a number of years ago and loved it . This stuff is hideous . It smells more like the carrying medium than tomatoes . It 's the worst thing I 've ever bought on Amazon in the past 14 years . Wish i could return it but I ca n't because it 's a flammable substance .
 This lotion is great , but do n't be fooled by the item description . It is described as a case pack of 36 , but it is only a single 3/4 ounce tube of lotion . I paid nearly $ 7 , including shipping and handling , to get that one little tube of lotion . I rated this item 1-star only because there is no zero-star rating .
 I never did get it !!! I was told I would have it by the 7th of Dec. and it is the 17th and I 've never seen my lotion .
 cheap piece of plastic that will probably break in 6 months . Disgusting they should charge more than $ 10 for it . Short barrel , one size , hair gets tangled in it . The one from the same name -LSB- Vidal Sasson -RSB- I had until recently lasted for years , had a long barrel , and 2 attachments . Vidal would turn over in his grave to see such a piece of junk !
 I have long thin hair and this does nothing for me . It tangles , takes forever to dry slightly damp hair , and does n't even really curl the hair . Hair dryer and round brush is MUCH better .
 This product is not very durable ; made from cheap plastic . The &#34; hot air &#34; barely blows ; it would never get my hair dry ! It 's got ta go back !
 Does not generate enough heat to dry and style damp hair . Compared to Revlon Ionizer which has same purpose , this Sassoon product takes a very long time with the level of heat it generates to actually remove the most minimal moisture . Very disappointing
 Did not seem to be very good quality . Have used a Revo Styler for years but it no longer works . I had hoped this would be a good substitute but this is a totally different product and no comparison .
 too small for long hair used it once it is under my bathroom sink still in the box will give it away not for my needs
 waste of money.After using it only 3 times the motor is making funny noises , as of it 's going to catch fire any minute.Don ' t bother bying this .
 Do n't buy this item.I bought one when my trusty Helen of Troy look alike was starting to over heat after two years of us . I saw this on in Target and it was the identical match . It was the same wattage size shape but different color and make . I was excited because after the first use , it seemed to work the same . I then ordered two from Amazon.com . My initial VS lasted about three weeks before it started over heating and then completely dying . I opened the second one just about two weeks ago and the same symptoms
 The hair dryer came with a short in the cord . It goes on and off constantly while using it .
 I had a Vidal Sassoon hot air styler like this for about 15 years , did n't use it every day but really liked it . It started overheating , it would just shut off when half my hair was done . So I found this replacement , looks very similar . IT started overheating after only a month of use . I LOVE how this product works and would have gladly paid double for one that kept working longer . I find if I use the full setting it overheats within a minute . If I put it on low , it usually lasts through the entire styling , but since it 's only on half power it takes me a lot longer . I WILL NOT buy another Vidal Sasson . I 'll see what other brands are available , even if they cost more .
 First of all , tangle free is a broad statement from this product . I have long , thick , curly but not ethnic hair . It borders on frizzy at times if I do n't control it -LRB- think Gilda Radner -RRB- for those 40ish people . I do not like this brush at all . It does tangle , badly in my hair and it seems to be over-heating even after only 5 minutes . When I turn it off for a few seconds -LRB- to untangle my hair -RRB- it wo n't turn back on for at least 5 minutes . Needless to say , it makes for an irritating , extended experience . I purchased a Conair previously that I loved for my hair type but it broke after only 3 months which is why I bought this . Well , I am considering trying another Conair because at least I loved how it made my hair look . I guess $ 15.00 - $ 20.00 every 3 months is n't too bad to spend but what a waste !
 My beautician gave this to me , -LRB- she 's a friend of mine -RRB- and it worked great for a long time , like a year or more . Then all of a sudden it would quit in the middle of a session of hair doing . It was very frustrating to be straigthening my hair and all of a sudden it would quit , leaving me with half undone hair . So I put it in the drawer and started using my Helen of Troy air brush.I think it thought it was overheating . Then I would go back to it and 30 minutes later , if I chose to use it again , it would work for a few minutes again til it apparently was overheating again . I have plenty of other frustration in my life , I surely do n't need a defective hair appliance . At least I did n't purchase it .
 I bought this styler in late June . I have used it maybe ten times . I no longer works at all . A real piece of junk . Beware !
 After having used a 1 '' Helen of Troy styler for a year or so it started overheating and shutting off -LRB- in the middle of drying my hair of course -RRB- , so I decided it was time for a new one expecially since I decided a bigger barrel would probably work better for my hair . I diligently scoured the reviews -LRB- noticing that the overheating problem was common , but it did n't seem as prevelant on this Vidal Sasson model -RRB- , and in the end decided to do my own comparision by purchasing both the Vidal Sassoon and the Helen of Troy 11/2 '' barrel models.I 'm so very disappointed that I did n't notice the similarity in the pictures because I paid a over $ 10.00 more for the VS model and it is the EXACT same thing as the H of T styler . And I mean EXACT - it is manufactured by H of T and the clear plastic sticker on the handle actually says Helen of Troy . The only difference is the color.So if you 're looking to purchase this styler , my recommendation is to save your money unless color and name is important to you.The reason I gave this a two star is because I 'm relatively sure this will work as good as the 1 '' H of T model I have been using , but I feel there should be more truth in the product description and the manufacturer should be disclosed . I feel duped .
 And I mean no ! Do not buy this thing , please do not waste your money . I tossed this very thing into the trash today -LRB- I checked the model number to be sure that it was the same one ! -RRB- . I was n't intending to write up a review of it , but I was searching for a new dryer and came across this product , and then I got mad all over again!It shuts off all the time . You do n't even finish drying one small strip of damp hair before bam ! it 's off . I thought it was overheating , but so quickly ? No , it 's just a junky product , because this `` overheating '' bit starts almost right away . I was vigiliant that the brush stayed clean . It 's easy to remove the barrel for maintenance.I bought mine at Walmart -LRB- or Target , ca n't remember which -RRB- , and went through two of them before I finally got it through my thick-head that it does n't work . I love this type of product , but I am now on Amazon looking for a different brand and hoping for something that will last longer than this junk did .
 I 've used several hot air curling brushes over the years . They discontinued the trusty Conair I used to have and I tried this model , which appeared similar . Not only was the barrel itself much shorter , but my fine-textured rather straight hair that usually curls quite easily did not curl at all when I used this . Did n't do much more than a barely conceivable bend . I rarely write reviews , but hope that others do n't waste their money on this product .
 My wife has been using this product forever and really loves it but she goes through about 1 a year , she uses everyday . So I do n't consider them very durable and I 've watched her use them , she is not abusive they just burn out and stop working . I wrote the company , they pretty much said its they only version they sell and they do n't have a heavy duty version of the product thats meant to last .
 For years I have used the 1 inch barrell and loved it . I ordered the 1-1/2 barrell recently . From the moment I used it there was a strong chemical smell . I thought that the more I used it , the smell would dissipate , but this did not happen . I am going to throw it away . I wished I could have returned it , but waited too long to do so . I certainly would be willing to try another one if I could just have exchanged it .
 This item broke after 4 days of use . Its performance was poor even before it broke as it did not curl my hair nearly as efficiently as my European styler .
 Like the color ... like the texture / creaminess ... too soft and I used it a coupe of times before the lipstick broke in half !!!!!!!!!!!!
 While the products are all as described , the service from Demeter Fragrance Library left much to be desired . I placed an order of 1 full sized cologne spray and two samples . My order came with a free sample which was delightful , except that one sample arrived completely shattered and the sample spray pump did not work . I contacted Demeter Fragrance Library immediately to report the issue and was advised that if I were to return the defective products they would be more than happy to exchange or replace them . I was told I would be refunded for the shipping cost for having to mail my damaged products back to them . This was not the case . While they sent me new products and refunded me for the one item I returned , I was not reimbursed shipping and it took me a week to get a hold of someone at the company who told me that they never reimburse shipping back unless you return the whole order . However , this was not what I was told the first time I called or I would have never sent it back . Now I 'm out more for the shipping than I would have been just for the broken perfume sample . The woman I spoke to basically told me that no one could have possibly told me that I would be refunded unless I shipped the whole order back to them because `` It 's never been that way so I do n't know how that could be possible . '' Way to make your customer feel great . I 'll never place an order with them again . Order from an external website if you must .
 I LOVE lime , and have found it difficult to find something lime scented that does n't combine something else with it . Knowing how Demeter generally hits things right on the head , I was excited for this to be delivered.I 'm not disappointed . It has more of a lemon-lime soda scent . I thought maybe it was just me , and had some friends try it , covering up the label , and asking them what it was - all four said lemon-lime soda . Sigh.It also seems to fade quickly , and the scent does n't stay as with most Demeter products . If you want something that smells just like a fresh cut lime , this is n't it .
 I had pretty high hopes for this scent , as I 'd had Demeter fragrances in the past and they were consistently good . Unfortunately , Tomato Seeds Cologne is n't as authentic as I hoped . Too alcohol-y and astringent , with little or no tomato scent . I 'm guessing it 's just a difficult smell to translate to a perfume , and not a lack of quality from Demeter.I might just stick to their florals .
 I smelled Tomato at a boutique a number of years ago and loved it . This stuff is hideous . It smells more like the carrying medium than tomatoes . It 's the worst thing I 've ever bought on Amazon in the past 14 years . Wish i could return it but I ca n't because it 's a flammable substance .
 I am disappointed . I would give a big fat zero if I could ... My hair was faded light dull red -LRB- from avibrant red -RRB- and thought this would bring some shine/color into it without making it too bright . If anything it made my hair a darker brown with hints of red in the sun ? I am upset . Thank god I only spent $ 4 bc it was in sale . Now to rush out and get my usual brand Feria Power Reds - lesson learned !
 Like honestly wth . I followed all of the instructions and my hair was a very light color to start with . After waiting the appropriate time and washing it off . I was horrified to discover that my hair had turned a grayish blonde ! What do i do now ? What the heck happened . Not buying this again . EVER .
 I am gray/blonde , rather was gray/blonde . Husband bought product for wht he though was a good product name and color . Did color swatch test and seemed okay . Did full head of hair and i now look like carrot top . Color is not true and really looks horrible . Should be removed from marked . Revlon should know better then to keep this line of products in market place . STAY AWAY
 I strongly discourage anyone from using this terrible product . I purchased this product for my naturally medium brown hair that is perhaps 5 % gray , and deeply regret using it . The product was very drying and damaging , even after a week of daily deep conditioning with my own conditioner -LRB- the included conditioner is a single use pouch . -RRB- More importantly , the color fades rapidly . I purchased this because I was tired of how quickly the semi-permanent 28-day dyes fade , but this is worse ! Although the initial result was a beautiful rich brown just as pictured , the gray faded back to gray in one week and the brown faded to an ugly brassy color in 2 weeks . Unfortunately , the brassy color has not faded back to my original . The Clairol semi-permanent dye lasts longer without damaging hair and fades back to the original color not this brassy color .
 My hair was pretty light , and I put this on wanting the wonderful color on the box and swatch . NO !! It came out an ugly flat darkish brown , not even an appealing brown color , and I followed the directions 100 % as directed by the pamphlet that came with the color . There was zero , and I mean ZERO hint of any color in this other than brown .
 I even left this product in for 35 minutes and it only slightly lightened my dark hair . I was hesitant to use it because of the health hazards and the dryness I felt in the sample lock of hair I dyed ; had it not been a gift , I would not have used it -LRB- did it for courtesy -RRB- . The conditioner is wonderful , my hair feels great -- but the color does n't come close to measuring up to the model 's hair .
 Horrible hair dye . My hair color is naturally dark / hazel brown , I wanted to add some red-ish golden brown accents to it and achieve the effect displayed in the description . When I dyed my hair with this , and waited the anticipated amount of time , i ended up with ORANGEEEEE roots !!! The rest of my hair did n't even look dyed . It was the same color as before . I dye my hair regularly using diverse products , but this one is n't ever going to be one of them again . HORRIBLE ! Had to undergo another stressful procedure with another product , another waste of money because this product did n't hold up .
 I saw warning hidden in back of instructions only after applying . maybe because it dyes skin extremely well ... returning is n't worth the time .
 if it does n't ship soon I will write the worst rating I can on this one ... So I suggest you change your systems to set a better example not a bad one ...
 I am asian and my hair is naturally black and i 've been using this brand from the Philippines and it works . but somehow , when i tried the US brand , it did n't work on me . maybe the problem is this color or asian hairs are thicker than american .
 I followed the directions exactly . I figured it may be a little darker than the picture because my hair is dark brown . BUT my hair is NOT burgundy . It is more of a brown with a red cast . And not a pretty red cast either . I got it a LOT cheaper in a store . That is the only compliment I can give it . It is cheap and colours iike it is cheap . I will NEVER ever ever use this brand again . Or this color.I do n't recommend this color or this brand frankly . If I had wanted brown hair I would have bought brown dye .
 I had had my hair dyed in a salon a dark auburn about a month ago , and they told me despite the fact that auburn is my natural color , the red would fade out and leave the brown there . I tried # 31 because it was a beautiful shade of red that i wanted to bring back into my hair that had faded out , and it looks like it literally just washed right out . My hair barely has any red in it , if anything it looks like a darker brown . And this is n't the first time I used box color , so it 's not like I did n't know what I was doing . Disappointed and wo n't be using Revlon again . Going back to using l'oreal or garnier , which have actually come out to the color they said they 'd be when I 've used them in the past .
 I just colored my light brown hair with this ... carefully made sure it was evenly distributed , etc. . I waited 25 minutes -LRB- probably a little longer -RRB- and washed it out , eagerly anticipating a head of coppery hair like on the box . Was I disappointed . You ca n't even tell that I colored my hair . It seems to have lightened it a half shade , other than that , NO RED/ORANGE color AT ALL . So angry . What a waste of time and money .
 Revlon Colorsilk , Permanent hair colorBrown Black and Dark Brown -LRB- + -RRB- Ammonia Free -LRB- + -RRB- Inexpensive -LRB- + -RRB- Nice looking colors -LRB- + -RRB- Not tested on animals -LRB- - -RRB- Not much conditioner included -LRB- - -RRB- Cheap gloves -LRB- - -RRB- Lots of toxic chemicalsThis was pretty good for the price . And ammonia free means it does n't smell too terrible . The conditioner is good , but you only get enough for one or two treatments . My hair would dry out when I used average conditioner , so buying a good quality conditioner is necessary . Also be careful with the gloves . They are thin and have seams that tear easily . Once I had 2 of my fingernails dyed black . I started using the dark brown color , but switched to brown black -LRB- which is pretty much just black -RRB- , to go darker . Sometimes the dye did n't take as evenly as I would like , but that seems to be common with do-it-yourself box dyes . It 's nice that Revlon is a cruelty-free company . Most of the major labels are not -LRB- like L'oreal & Clairol -RRB- and test their products on animals . I would have recommended this product in the past , but I 've been researching product ingredients lately using the Skin Deep Cosmetic Safety Database & the ingredients for this are not the greatest . Colorsilk is rated a 9-HIGH hazard on a scale of 0-10 . This may work alright , but there are too many toxic chemicals for me to buy again . One ingredient is even listed as a `` possible mutagen '' -LRB- P-Aminophenol -RRB- . Other common toxic dye ingredients are
 This product states that it will take your hair , no matter how dark , to blonde , without any brassiness , which is not true . My hair was a dark brown and it turned out orange .
 I do n't know if my unit is &#34; ionic &#34; but it 's by Hot Tools and looks almost identical . Like others have stated in their reviews -- the front of the bonnet hardly gets any hot air ; so there is an uneven distribution of heat . The hose will no longer connect properly to the bonnet . The bonnet detached from the round piece of plastic where the hose attaches . But even before this happened it was always a struggle to fit the hose in and it always fell out easily . This entire unit is poorly designed and awkward to use . The settings are on a black dial with tiny raised letters that I can barely see ; and the dial is on the opposite end of the unit from where the hose comes out ; so I have to pick it up and turn it on it 's end to see or change settings.I 've used packing tape to re-attach bonnet to plastic hose receiver and used a silver pen to color over the settings so they 're more visible . Then I just fiddle with the hose to get it to fit and try to sit extremely still so it does n't fall out . But obviously , this is a lot of rigamarole to go through and should not be necessary ! And the results are mediocre at best . So , I came on Amazon looking to replace this disappointing piece of garbage ; but it appears that there are n't any other brands that deliver satisfying results either . So -- manufacturers out there , if you 're reading -- there 's obviously a huge void to be filled here ! Can anyone produce anything efficient , intelligently designed , and of decent quality that lasts anymore ? And would you mind making it in the USA ?
 Despite rotating the hose until it clicked solidly in the bonnet , the hose constantly fell off when I tried to use it . To reattach , you have to remove the bonnet from your head , and redo the connection . Very annoying . Heat
 This dryer is a waste of money . It gets really hot which at first I thought was a plus but the dryer than got so hot that the plastic started to melt . The hose and bonnet started to burn and turn brown and eventually the burnt hose cracked and became unusable . Do Not Buy this dryer .
 I originally purchased this dryer for my wife as a gift after looking at several soft-bonnet hair dryers . My mother had one for years , so I figured if I bought one of the higher priced ones I could not go wrong ... haha . According to my wife this dryer would dry okay if there was a secure way to attach the bonnet to the hose . However , what the picture does n't show is that the flimsy apparatus for attaching the hose constantly falls out , forcing her to hold them together . I might as well put a plastic bag on her head and blow through a hole ... The worse part of this whole fiasco came when we tried to return the dryer to BEAUTY SUPPLY 4LESS . We were given the run around until it was pointed out by the oh-so helpfull customer service people at BEAUTY SUPPLY 4LESS that their return policy only allows for exchanging the same item for the `` damaged item '' . Unfortunately , this item was not damaged , it was designed wrong.In the end I had to glue the whole thing together , not cool after paying 40 + bucks for this thing ...
 I had high hopes for this dryer , since my previous experiences with bonnet dryers were with ones from the 1960s and 70s that I found used . I 've bought several old ones for around $ 6 - $ 8 over the past several years , and have ended up giving some away to friends who liked them , and using others until they died . In general , I 've been really happy with the performance of the old ones , but I figured getting one new could only be better . Wrong.I respect the opinion of the other person who wrote a review , but I have to differ on several points -- the dryer is neither particularly quiet nor powerful . True , it 's quieter than a regular hair dryer , but the air output is absolutely lousy . Even on the highest setting , it ca n't fully inflate the bonnet , even after I made sure the plastic was n't sticking to itself . I found because of the weak airflow , the front of my head gets getting absolutely NO air . The plastic is just flat against it . I 've tried rearranging it , and finally have found that the only way to dry my hair on all sides is to rotate the bonnet regularly , defeating any `` convenience '' this product might have had.The other point I must disagree with is about the length of the tube . It 's simply not long enough unless you 're sitting up aginst the unit and not moving.Pros - Despite the fact that I overall do n't care for this unit , there are some positive things about it . The cord , tube , and bonnet store inside the actual unit . The tube is sturdy . Also , the unit kicks out a decent amount of heat.Cons - Weak airflow and short tube . Not worth the price . Also , the dryer is not very tall , but has a really large footprint . It takes up about a square foot of space on my counter . It 's larger than any of the even the clunkiest vintage dryers I 've had.I highly recommend finding a vintage bonnet dryer in a thrift store or on Ebay . I 've owned several , and have never been disappointed in the settings , airflow , or performance . Those things are workhorses , and they come with really neat `` hatbox '' type cases for storage . Plus they 're so cheap that if you do get a bum unit , you can afford to replace it easily .
 I just got this dryer last week . You can get burnt with this dryer as the heating vents are placed in odd areas on the bonnet . Also the attachment on the bonnet -LRB- the one you hook the dryer tube into -RRB- came out completely only a few days after I got it . So I am unable to use . I will not purchase again . I did not purchase from amazon.com but thought the review would be useful .
 I wrote a terrible review for this after my first use but now I 'm feeling better about it . In fact , I 'm using it as I write this . At first I did n't think it heated my whole head , but it does . It 's just not as powerful as the old bonnet dryers I remember from my youth . It works OK though . I ca n't seem to alter my rating but I 'd give it three stars instead of two .
 I bought this dryer about two years ago , and I used it for deep conditioning my hair after washing . I have thick , kinky hair and this dryer did n't get my hair completely dry . They dryer was quiet which was good , but it also was n't very powerful . About a year ago the plastic ring that attached the hose to the bonnet began separating from the bonnet . It eventually came apart entirely . Unless I tie the opening on the bonnet around the hose , the dryer is now useless .
 I bought it in the middle of December 2006 . Today June 18 , 2007 , I turned it on to use it and it burned out and smoke was coming from the vents . The plastic around the slot the tube goes into broke twice . . had no choice but to stitch it with thread to keep it attached to the plastic cap . So disappointed with this product . Do n't buy it . Better to spend the money and buy professional . This product is not worth the 40something dollars I paid for it .
 I bought this dryer over one year ago and only used it once . The first time I used it there was an unusual odor , but I thought it was because the bonnet was new and was giving off a strange plastic smell . It worked fine the first time , but the smell was almost suffocating . I did not use the dryer again for many months and when I turned it on it did not work at all . I called Amazon and there 's nothing they can do . It has been well over a year since I purchased it , so I can not get any type of refund . I would not recommend anybody to purchase this item , but if you do , please use it regularly -LRB- to make sure it 's going to keep working -RRB- before the 30 day return period has lapsed . I would hate for anybody else to waste money like I have .
 Simply put , this product is poorly made . I was n't able to fully use it not even ONCE before it broke . The dryer hose no longer attaches to the bonnet . The product is under a 1 yr limited warranty , however if you choose to return it to the manufacturer for repair it will cost you money to ship to the repair center . And you will also be asked to make a check for $ 15 for return shipping , `` handling '' and `` insurance '' -- this on top of the $ 40 + you 've probably already spent on it.I am really disappointed .
 It worked Ok in the first 5 uses and the it just fell apart till it died . When working heat in the bonnet was not equally distributed .
 BUYER BEWARE !!! This hair dryer has four settings - Off , Low -LRB- no heat -RRB- , Scorch and Torch , a most disappointing purchase from Hot Tools . There is a positive , the bonnet is much better than one from a prior Hot Tools purchase . Hoping for a short life span for this hair dryer , so that I can buy another brand .
 I bought this dryer as a temporary dryer until I can afford to mount a professional dryer from the ceiling . Anyway , this dryer is HOT . So HOT that children should n't use it . I have to put a big thick towel around my neck otherwise I get burned . It 's LOUD and the hose does keep falling out . Other than that , it 's OK . I 'm just trying to hold on until I can get rid of it .
 Disappointing product . Works but started coming apart shortly after purchase . The hood is stiff and is coming apart at the hose . I think they better evaluate their quality if they want to sell other products .
 This item seem convenient however the first time I used it the heat melted the plastic of the vacuum and it came off , I used it for less than 20 mins and now is no good at all , poor quality and very cheap material
 This looked like a good hairdryer when I unpacked it , but the hose will not stay attached to the bonnet and if you hold it by hand , the hot air never gets to the front and top of the bonnet . It 's basically useless .
 The Hot Tools Prof. 800 Watt Ionic Soft Bonnet Hair Dryer is too hot on high and too cool on low/cool . It is uncomfortable to use it . I am not sure what my next step is going to be , but I can not recommendthis product .
 Only worked two times . The third time I used it the air flow was so weak that the bonnet woud not inflate . Looking for a replacement now .
 The bonnet is very flimsy and does n't last long . Too bad as the dryer is very good and compact . If they make one with a decent bonnet , I 'm there but this lasted about 6 uses and the bonnet broke off .
 I purchased this hair dryer to replace one that I used for over 3 years . The model I replaced was the Vidal Sassoon VS291 Ionic Soft Bonnet Dryer -LRB- which was not available when I ordered -RRB- . The first thing I did not like about this product is that it was much louder than my old unit . It sounds like a hand held hair dryer in a bonnet case.Once I started using it on the low setting it got way to hot ! This makes the bonnet hard to wear and even harder to handle . The way I use it now is constantly switch from low to cool , which is a total pain . I ca n't imagine anyone using this on the high setting.Also the specs on the webpage state : `` 4 heat settings , plus Cold Shot for setting style -LRB- settings are
 I use this dryer exclusively for when I color my hair with a henna because henna is heat activated . So I do not use rollers but just put the bonnet on after applying the henna . -LRB- Not sure why the byline says `` from a 12-year-old reader . -RRB- The high setting does a great job activating the henna , but the bonnet is so heavy that it collapses on top of my head and is so hot that it would burn if I did not hold it up manually . Except since the bonnet gets too hot to touch , I attach a clothespin to it and hold the clothespin up for the 50 minutes that the henna is `` cooking '' . It may work better with rollers , but the best idea would be to make a lighter bonnet that puffs up on its own , like the one that came with the old Carel dryers.When I called the manufacturer to tell them that the bonnet acts that way , they were defensive . If they could fix that problem , they 'd have a much better dryer .
 So frustrated with this dryer . It has 3 settings
 This product should have come with a warning . Even on the LOW setting , one can get a third degree burn from the heat .
 On the high setting the heat is way too hot to use . On the low setting still too hot . On the cool setting not hot enough . Will have to buy a new dryer because I ca n't use this one .
 I was in great need of a new dryer , and bought this one prior to reading the reviews . In summary , the dryer is just too darned hot to use at the `` high '' setting . You really could injure yourself using the high setting for too long . Unfortunately , I 'll have to purchase a new one ... and this one was a total waste of money . If you can withstand the high heat -LRB- trust me , I 'm accustomed to sitting under a dryer and am pretty heat tolerant -RRB- on this dryer , then go for it . If you 're anything like me , the high setting is just intolerable . Good luck .
 This dryer produces heat in the extreme . Result ... burned hair and skin . The bonnet separates from the elastic resulting in big open flaps from which the warm air escapes . This separation , I surmise , is caused by the excessive heat . The bonnet , I believe , was not made to withstand the excessive heat the dryer generates .
 I 've been looking for a new dryer with a soft bonnet after my last Vidal Sasson dryer broke . This dryer gets very hot on the middle setting but does n't dry very well . The low setting while cooler does n't dry your hair . I thought the exessive heat would make your hair dry in half the time but it does n't . This dryer also makes loud straining noises , which I am hoping does n't mean the motor is about to quit.My old dryer is no longer being manufactured and this was the only alternative I could find . What can you do .
 I had trouble getting the bonnet to attach to the hose , but finally got it one there after 10 minutes of struggling . The dryer worked great the two times I used it -LRB- the ionic part was terrific - dried my hair very quickly -RRB- and then it broke . No more air - did n't drop it or do anything to it , it just stopped working . Returned it for refund , but what a pain in the neck that was . Anyway , I do not recommend this dryer to anyone . I am currently searching for a new soft bonnet dryer and so far nothing I see is really any better .
 Hose too short and IMPOSSIBLE to keep to the bonnet . Falls out repeatedly until you want to scream !! Junk . Not worth $ 40 total .
 After 3 uses , the bonnet ripped away from the where the air hose attaches . I sent an e-mail and called company 's 800 number and got NO response . It also leaks hot air where the hose attaches to unit . I would not recommend this product .
 This product was just bad . After I rolled my hair , it was hard to put the cap on my head . The strings were supposed to tighten , but that was easier said than done . The cap never got tight as i wanted it . So this product was just bad .
 I am unable to provide feedback on this product . I did not receive it until after the holidays , therefore it was shipped back to the company
 I purchased the Honeysuckle.The scent was pleasing , however , I can walk down a househld aislein the supermarket and pick upsomething for less then 1/2 the pricethat smells just as nice .
 I bought `` Thunderstorm '' and it is absolutely aweful ! Not a clean fresh storm like I expected but wet dirt and dust . Not at all what I want people smelling when they walk into my home . I was very disapointed ! If you 're into this sort of smell more power to you , but it 's not at all something I would ever buy again .
 I bought Mildew thinking it would smell sort of like damp towels that had been in the bathroom for a couple of days but was disappointed to find it smelled more like sports liniment . Will next try thunderstorm .
 ... lately the products have been hit or miss.I recently tried Sticky Toffee Pudding in the 4 oz room spray and it 's definitely become my favorite -- I ca n't get enough of it ! On the other hand , my mother loves the Waffle Cone and I ordered her 2 bottles from the Demeter website -LRB- $ 14 each , plus flat rate shipping -RRB- and they came smelling nothing like the waffle cone she loves . It almost smells rancid like whiskey . There 's no problem with exchanges -- that 's what their website says anyway . I do n't know if it 's the room spray version that is bad or if they reformulated , but I 'm going to send it back and pay the extra for the cologne version.As for other scents I 've tried : Sugar Cookie - Very very sweet . A little too sweet for me.Brownie - An artificial chocolate smell , but not offensive . Does n't last very long.Graham Cracker - Hard to find the scent in the sea of alcohol in the product.Waffle - Very maple syrup-y . Strawberry Ice Cream - Very artificial owerpowering scent . Almost like a very concentrated strawberry Quik . -LRB- Strawberry milk powder brand . -RRB- Scottish Shortbread - There is some sort of oil in the mixture and when it arrived it was nearly frozen . I did n't care for this smell either . sort of an almond cookie smell but also masked by the alcohol smell.Mojito - Ick . My mom received this as a promo item somewhere and it smells like a hospital to me ! I 'm not sure which component of Mojito smell is doing that to it , but I 'd pass.There 's a Jelly Belly line scent that has something to do with blackberries . It was a pretty harsh scent . Not light and airy -- very contrived and strong . Over the top but not in a good way . Same goes for the Blueberry Muffin in the Jelly Belly line.Vanilla Cake Batter - Not very exciting . Very vanilla , not very cakey.I reviewed the Rubber and Mesquite scents on Amazon somewhere -- pass on those.Before you invest the money , go to the Demeter site and get the $ 51/2 oz splash version of the scent you like . Or just get the Sticky Toffee Pudding . ; -RRB-
 While the products are all as described , the service from Demeter Fragrance Library left much to be desired . I placed an order of 1 full sized cologne spray and two samples . My order came with a free sample which was delightful , except that one sample arrived completely shattered and the sample spray pump did not work . I contacted Demeter Fragrance Library immediately to report the issue and was advised that if I were to return the defective products they would be more than happy to exchange or replace them . I was told I would be refunded for the shipping cost for having to mail my damaged products back to them . This was not the case . While they sent me new products and refunded me for the one item I returned , I was not reimbursed shipping and it took me a week to get a hold of someone at the company who told me that they never reimburse shipping back unless you return the whole order . However , this was not what I was told the first time I called or I would have never sent it back . Now I 'm out more for the shipping than I would have been just for the broken perfume sample . The woman I spoke to basically told me that no one could have possibly told me that I would be refunded unless I shipped the whole order back to them because `` It 's never been that way so I do n't know how that could be possible . '' Way to make your customer feel great . I 'll never place an order with them again . Order from an external website if you must .
 Not much more to say than the title , but that 's exactly the case , i LOVE the lime scent , it is sharp and tangy , not far off from real lime by the way ! But maybe with a slightly margarita-tinge . yum , i love it . But the smell does n't last longer than a minute , even if i spray 10 sprays of it . :-LRB- . Total bummer .
 the hight note on this is great but what remains ... just think bathroom ... dont buy this one . I do enjoy a few of the other choices they have , , , , , , dont wasted your money on this
 I ordered this for my wife . I knew is was only 4 oz but it seemed even smaller . For the price it is not worth it . My wife liked the smell but the results were horrible . Would never purshase this again .
 I was very disappointed in this product . I paid for a premium fragrance to give us that real Christmas tree smell and got something that smells just like the cheap pine bathroom deodorizers of years ago .
 ... lately the products have been hit or miss.I recently tried Sticky Toffee Pudding in the 4 oz room spray and it 's definitely become my favorite -- I ca n't get enough of it ! On the other hand , my mother loves the Waffle Cone and I ordered her 2 bottles from the Demeter website -LRB- $ 14 each , plus flat rate shipping -RRB- and they came smelling nothing like the waffle cone she loves . It almost smells rancid like whiskey . There 's no problem with exchanges -- that 's what their website says anyway . I do n't know if it 's the room spray version that is bad or if they reformulated , but I 'm going to send it back and pay the extra for the cologne version.As for other scents I 've tried : Sugar Cookie - Very very sweet . A little too sweet for me.Brownie - An artificial chocolate smell , but not offensive . Does n't last very long.Graham Cracker - Hard to find the scent in the sea of alcohol in the product.Waffle - Very maple syrup-y . Strawberry Ice Cream - Very artificial owerpowering scent . Almost like a very concentrated strawberry Quik . -LRB- Strawberry milk powder brand . -RRB- Scottish Shortbread - There is some sort of oil in the mixture and when it arrived it was nearly frozen . I did n't care for this smell either . sort of an almond cookie smell but also masked by the alcohol smell.Mojito - Ick . My mom received this as a promo item somewhere and it smells like a hospital to me ! I 'm not sure which component of Mojito smell is doing that to it , but I 'd pass.There 's a Jelly Belly line scent that has something to do with blackberries . It was a pretty harsh scent . Not light and airy -- very contrived and strong . Over the top but not in a good way . Same goes for the Blueberry Muffin in the Jelly Belly line.Vanilla Cake Batter - Not very exciting . Very vanilla , not very cakey.I reviewed the Rubber and Mesquite scents on Amazon somewhere -- pass on those.Before you invest the money , go to the Demeter site and get the $ 51/2 oz splash version of the scent you like . Or just get the Sticky Toffee Pudding . ; -RRB-
 While the products are all as described , the service from Demeter Fragrance Library left much to be desired . I placed an order of 1 full sized cologne spray and two samples . My order came with a free sample which was delightful , except that one sample arrived completely shattered and the sample spray pump did not work . I contacted Demeter Fragrance Library immediately to report the issue and was advised that if I were to return the defective products they would be more than happy to exchange or replace them . I was told I would be refunded for the shipping cost for having to mail my damaged products back to them . This was not the case . While they sent me new products and refunded me for the one item I returned , I was not reimbursed shipping and it took me a week to get a hold of someone at the company who told me that they never reimburse shipping back unless you return the whole order . However , this was not what I was told the first time I called or I would have never sent it back . Now I 'm out more for the shipping than I would have been just for the broken perfume sample . The woman I spoke to basically told me that no one could have possibly told me that I would be refunded unless I shipped the whole order back to them because `` It 's never been that way so I do n't know how that could be possible . '' Way to make your customer feel great . I 'll never place an order with them again . Order from an external website if you must .
 Not much more to say than the title , but that 's exactly the case , i LOVE the lime scent , it is sharp and tangy , not far off from real lime by the way ! But maybe with a slightly margarita-tinge . yum , i love it . But the smell does n't last longer than a minute , even if i spray 10 sprays of it . :-LRB- . Total bummer .
 the hight note on this is great but what remains ... just think bathroom ... dont buy this one . I do enjoy a few of the other choices they have , , , , , , dont wasted your money on this
 I ordered this for my wife . I knew is was only 4 oz but it seemed even smaller . For the price it is not worth it . My wife liked the smell but the results were horrible . Would never purshase this again .
 I was very disappointed in this product . I paid for a premium fragrance to give us that real Christmas tree smell and got something that smells just like the cheap pine bathroom deodorizers of years ago .
 I purchased the Honeysuckle.The scent was pleasing , however , I can walk down a househld aislein the supermarket and pick upsomething for less then 1/2 the pricethat smells just as nice .
 I bought `` Thunderstorm '' and it is absolutely aweful ! Not a clean fresh storm like I expected but wet dirt and dust . Not at all what I want people smelling when they walk into my home . I was very disapointed ! If you 're into this sort of smell more power to you , but it 's not at all something I would ever buy again .
 I bought Mildew thinking it would smell sort of like damp towels that had been in the bathroom for a couple of days but was disappointed to find it smelled more like sports liniment . Will next try thunderstorm .
 This item does not smell like original.This item looks fake and was approved by Dept. store perfume counter.This item comes to you without security wraps.No one should order this or is waist of money.Amazon should n't let outsider use them to sell fake items .
 The product is not designed very well with the switches on the side of the handle . It is a little heavier than expected and does n't dry as well as some others . Although it was pretty inexpensive , it was n't what we needed and decided to buy something else .
 I have purchased this item in stores for a number of years and found it to be one of the best three-in-one products available . When the Stila convertible color stick arrived by mail the roll-up color was so soft that it broke repeatedly and the product itself created smudge instead of the usual fine line . The liner stick fell out after three days . There was no product in the shadow part , which left only the sponge in working order . I have always liked this Stila product , but will buy it in the stores from now on , where I can examine it to see if it is still the fine product I remember .
 Have used and loved this product before but when this arrived it was broken . The smudger side completely fell off when I opened it and is no longer functional .
 ... lately the products have been hit or miss.I recently tried Sticky Toffee Pudding in the 4 oz room spray and it 's definitely become my favorite -- I ca n't get enough of it ! On the other hand , my mother loves the Waffle Cone and I ordered her 2 bottles from the Demeter website -LRB- $ 14 each , plus flat rate shipping -RRB- and they came smelling nothing like the waffle cone she loves . It almost smells rancid like whiskey . There 's no problem with exchanges -- that 's what their website says anyway . I do n't know if it 's the room spray version that is bad or if they reformulated , but I 'm going to send it back and pay the extra for the cologne version.As for other scents I 've tried : Sugar Cookie - Very very sweet . A little too sweet for me.Brownie - An artificial chocolate smell , but not offensive . Does n't last very long.Graham Cracker - Hard to find the scent in the sea of alcohol in the product.Waffle - Very maple syrup-y . Strawberry Ice Cream - Very artificial owerpowering scent . Almost like a very concentrated strawberry Quik . -LRB- Strawberry milk powder brand . -RRB- Scottish Shortbread - There is some sort of oil in the mixture and when it arrived it was nearly frozen . I did n't care for this smell either . sort of an almond cookie smell but also masked by the alcohol smell.Mojito - Ick . My mom received this as a promo item somewhere and it smells like a hospital to me ! I 'm not sure which component of Mojito smell is doing that to it , but I 'd pass.There 's a Jelly Belly line scent that has something to do with blackberries . It was a pretty harsh scent . Not light and airy -- very contrived and strong . Over the top but not in a good way . Same goes for the Blueberry Muffin in the Jelly Belly line.Vanilla Cake Batter - Not very exciting . Very vanilla , not very cakey.I reviewed the Rubber and Mesquite scents on Amazon somewhere -- pass on those.Before you invest the money , go to the Demeter site and get the $ 51/2 oz splash version of the scent you like . Or just get the Sticky Toffee Pudding . ; -RRB-
 While the products are all as described , the service from Demeter Fragrance Library left much to be desired . I placed an order of 1 full sized cologne spray and two samples . My order came with a free sample which was delightful , except that one sample arrived completely shattered and the sample spray pump did not work . I contacted Demeter Fragrance Library immediately to report the issue and was advised that if I were to return the defective products they would be more than happy to exchange or replace them . I was told I would be refunded for the shipping cost for having to mail my damaged products back to them . This was not the case . While they sent me new products and refunded me for the one item I returned , I was not reimbursed shipping and it took me a week to get a hold of someone at the company who told me that they never reimburse shipping back unless you return the whole order . However , this was not what I was told the first time I called or I would have never sent it back . Now I 'm out more for the shipping than I would have been just for the broken perfume sample . The woman I spoke to basically told me that no one could have possibly told me that I would be refunded unless I shipped the whole order back to them because `` It 's never been that way so I do n't know how that could be possible . '' Way to make your customer feel great . I 'll never place an order with them again . Order from an external website if you must .
 Not much more to say than the title , but that 's exactly the case , i LOVE the lime scent , it is sharp and tangy , not far off from real lime by the way ! But maybe with a slightly margarita-tinge . yum , i love it . But the smell does n't last longer than a minute , even if i spray 10 sprays of it . :-LRB- . Total bummer .
 the hight note on this is great but what remains ... just think bathroom ... dont buy this one . I do enjoy a few of the other choices they have , , , , , , dont wasted your money on this
 I ordered this for my wife . I knew is was only 4 oz but it seemed even smaller . For the price it is not worth it . My wife liked the smell but the results were horrible . Would never purshase this again .
 I was very disappointed in this product . I paid for a premium fragrance to give us that real Christmas tree smell and got something that smells just like the cheap pine bathroom deodorizers of years ago .
 I purchased the Honeysuckle.The scent was pleasing , however , I can walk down a househld aislein the supermarket and pick upsomething for less then 1/2 the pricethat smells just as nice .
 I bought `` Thunderstorm '' and it is absolutely aweful ! Not a clean fresh storm like I expected but wet dirt and dust . Not at all what I want people smelling when they walk into my home . I was very disapointed ! If you 're into this sort of smell more power to you , but it 's not at all something I would ever buy again .
 I bought Mildew thinking it would smell sort of like damp towels that had been in the bathroom for a couple of days but was disappointed to find it smelled more like sports liniment . Will next try thunderstorm .
 I have purchased this item in stores for a number of years and found it to be one of the best three-in-one products available . When the Stila convertible color stick arrived by mail the roll-up color was so soft that it broke repeatedly and the product itself created smudge instead of the usual fine line . The liner stick fell out after three days . There was no product in the shadow part , which left only the sponge in working order . I have always liked this Stila product , but will buy it in the stores from now on , where I can examine it to see if it is still the fine product I remember .
 Have used and loved this product before but when this arrived it was broken . The smudger side completely fell off when I opened it and is no longer functional .
 it should have said that the item is a tester . i combined the purchase with another 3.4 Ounces of Noah EDT for my wife as a gift.unfortunately , i had to get rid of the box because it was saying that it a tester and not intended for resale .
 Not the same product , does n't smell like the original.Probably old product.too expensive for the size.I do n't recommend this product .
 This kit was a huge waste of money . The base coat peeled off when I removed the guide strips . The white polish is ok but the pink is horrible . It is not a flattering tone and it is too opaque and dries very streaky . would not purchase again .
 I can not explain how much I dislike this product . I have this and the Direct Leave Ink , I hate them both . They both left my hair extremely crunchy . I have 100 % natural , 4b , highly textured hair and it just did not work at all . Period . I will never purchase either product ever again !
 I was so excited to try this conditioner after seeing the great reviews . On opening the container I almost spilled it because I did not expect it to be to watery . After washing , I did not feel like my hair felt conditioned at all . I did not notice any improvement in moisture in my hair again . I will not be giving this product another shot .
 I did n't notice any improvement in fine lines.I definitelly wo n't be buying this product again.I guess that 's the reason for the product being that affordable.Save your money and buy something that actually works !
 My skin is dry so I always look for rich creams for myself . This cream in particular was way too greasy , way too heavy . It would n't dissolve into the skin . It did n't do my skin any good . Will not buy it again .
 I used the product for several months with no problem . Then out of the blue I developed a severe allergy to it . My face becomes swollen red , and itchy ! Just beware ...
 I purchased this to go along with the eye creme . When it arrived , I tried using it by pumping to get some out , and nothing came out ! I opened the bottle and realized that they had forgot to put in the straw that the pump mechanism uses to get the product out . So the only way I could get the lotion out was by opening the bottle and turning it upside down on my palm , and tapping it . Also , withing a week , the clear cover was cracked in many places . Today , I opened the lid to get some creme out , and this horrid rancid smell came out . I sniffed it , and sure enough it was coming from inside the bottle ! Only one month and it 's already gone rancid ! I was so dissapointed . I had been looking for an effective natural night creme , and I thought I had found it . But considering how much I paid for this , it 's unaccetable that it would go bad so soon . I 'm all for using natural plant based products , but I do n't want my products going bad within a month ! It did n't say on the bottle to regfigerate after opening either . Maybe it went bad because I had to open it to get the lotion out , but that would n't have been an issue if only the pump mechanism was complete ! I would not recomment this to a friend !
 This product was a disappointment . It is very greasy and never soaks in . It is still greasy when you get up the next morning . It also does not have a pleasant smell like some of the other Audrey products made with rose hips .
 This product has a strong smell that is very unpleasant . The odor lingers . Maybe the one shipped to me had already gone rancid . I returned it .
 I purchased the Honeysuckle.The scent was pleasing , however , I can walk down a househld aislein the supermarket and pick upsomething for less then 1/2 the pricethat smells just as nice .
 I bought `` Thunderstorm '' and it is absolutely aweful ! Not a clean fresh storm like I expected but wet dirt and dust . Not at all what I want people smelling when they walk into my home . I was very disapointed ! If you 're into this sort of smell more power to you , but it 's not at all something I would ever buy again .
 I bought Mildew thinking it would smell sort of like damp towels that had been in the bathroom for a couple of days but was disappointed to find it smelled more like sports liniment . Will next try thunderstorm .
 ... lately the products have been hit or miss.I recently tried Sticky Toffee Pudding in the 4 oz room spray and it 's definitely become my favorite -- I ca n't get enough of it ! On the other hand , my mother loves the Waffle Cone and I ordered her 2 bottles from the Demeter website -LRB- $ 14 each , plus flat rate shipping -RRB- and they came smelling nothing like the waffle cone she loves . It almost smells rancid like whiskey . There 's no problem with exchanges -- that 's what their website says anyway . I do n't know if it 's the room spray version that is bad or if they reformulated , but I 'm going to send it back and pay the extra for the cologne version.As for other scents I 've tried : Sugar Cookie - Very very sweet . A little too sweet for me.Brownie - An artificial chocolate smell , but not offensive . Does n't last very long.Graham Cracker - Hard to find the scent in the sea of alcohol in the product.Waffle - Very maple syrup-y . Strawberry Ice Cream - Very artificial owerpowering scent . Almost like a very concentrated strawberry Quik . -LRB- Strawberry milk powder brand . -RRB- Scottish Shortbread - There is some sort of oil in the mixture and when it arrived it was nearly frozen . I did n't care for this smell either . sort of an almond cookie smell but also masked by the alcohol smell.Mojito - Ick . My mom received this as a promo item somewhere and it smells like a hospital to me ! I 'm not sure which component of Mojito smell is doing that to it , but I 'd pass.There 's a Jelly Belly line scent that has something to do with blackberries . It was a pretty harsh scent . Not light and airy -- very contrived and strong . Over the top but not in a good way . Same goes for the Blueberry Muffin in the Jelly Belly line.Vanilla Cake Batter - Not very exciting . Very vanilla , not very cakey.I reviewed the Rubber and Mesquite scents on Amazon somewhere -- pass on those.Before you invest the money , go to the Demeter site and get the $ 51/2 oz splash version of the scent you like . Or just get the Sticky Toffee Pudding . ; -RRB-
 While the products are all as described , the service from Demeter Fragrance Library left much to be desired . I placed an order of 1 full sized cologne spray and two samples . My order came with a free sample which was delightful , except that one sample arrived completely shattered and the sample spray pump did not work . I contacted Demeter Fragrance Library immediately to report the issue and was advised that if I were to return the defective products they would be more than happy to exchange or replace them . I was told I would be refunded for the shipping cost for having to mail my damaged products back to them . This was not the case . While they sent me new products and refunded me for the one item I returned , I was not reimbursed shipping and it took me a week to get a hold of someone at the company who told me that they never reimburse shipping back unless you return the whole order . However , this was not what I was told the first time I called or I would have never sent it back . Now I 'm out more for the shipping than I would have been just for the broken perfume sample . The woman I spoke to basically told me that no one could have possibly told me that I would be refunded unless I shipped the whole order back to them because `` It 's never been that way so I do n't know how that could be possible . '' Way to make your customer feel great . I 'll never place an order with them again . Order from an external website if you must .
 Not much more to say than the title , but that 's exactly the case , i LOVE the lime scent , it is sharp and tangy , not far off from real lime by the way ! But maybe with a slightly margarita-tinge . yum , i love it . But the smell does n't last longer than a minute , even if i spray 10 sprays of it . :-LRB- . Total bummer .
 the hight note on this is great but what remains ... just think bathroom ... dont buy this one . I do enjoy a few of the other choices they have , , , , , , dont wasted your money on this
 I ordered this for my wife . I knew is was only 4 oz but it seemed even smaller . For the price it is not worth it . My wife liked the smell but the results were horrible . Would never purshase this again .
 I was very disappointed in this product . I paid for a premium fragrance to give us that real Christmas tree smell and got something that smells just like the cheap pine bathroom deodorizers of years ago .
 I have always purchased my deva curl products at the salon . I have used B'leave in for years and it has been terrific . When I purchased it online , it is n't at all the same as the same product in the salon . It is watery and does not condition as well as the salon bought product . This is very disappointing .
 I love every Deva product that I have tried ... except for this ! I do n't know if it was my particular B'Leave in bottle or if it 's all of them , but mine was clumpy , as if it was rancid or cheaply made ! In addition it did n't do any favors for my hair . I still use No-Poo , one condition , An-Gel , and set it free daily , but I threw out my B'Leave in and will not buy it again . It is possible that my hair is too thin to need this product . But what about the clumps ?
 This line of product came highly recommended from a friend , and I have to say , I 'm very disappointed . Maybe I 'm just used to using natural hair products , but they all smell and feel too ` chemically ' to me . I thought the product line was supposed to provide extra moisture for your curls . My hair has never been so dry . Now I need to go get all my freshly-split ends cut off , and I 'm trying to grow out my hair ! I 'm going back to my old products and giving these to my friend . Money wasted .
 I used to love this product . It was more of a leave in conditioner -LRB- they called it a moisture supplement -RRB- that gave my hair needed moisture without any greasiness , AND for the most part the ingredients were no cause for concern . I just reordered the product and was VERY disappointed to see that it is now called a ` curl booster and volumizer ' and the ingredients read like all the other chemical laden products I was trying to get away from . I was worried this was going to happen . A respectable ingredient list always seems just out of grasp ... Sigh . I still gave it a try , and it just makes my hair feel heavy , not greasy , just heavy and not moisturized at all .
 I love the ethos of this company . I love how Curl Power they and I wanted to transition into a completely natural product line . I gave the whole line the old college try and it just was n't for me . I am a solid 3B and i found that this made my hair really greasy looking even though it did n't feel greasy to the touch . In fact the ends felt dry . I tried every possible combination or product and amount and it just was n't working . for the people I have seen this product work really well on is girls with wavy hair that want to work it into curl . then it is great but if you already have big curls it is just too heavy and pulls it down .
 I put in my son hair that is haf and haf , and i dont see any result , is the same ...
 This a wonderful Cologne . I just wish it would last more than 1 hour or so . I do n't understand this ... . Is it an bad imitation ? It ca n't be though because I bought that from several vendors and it had the same weak strength . There is no point to wear a cologne that disappears after an hour.Shame for such a wonderful smell .
 Too strong ! Not my scent ! It gives me headache . -- I bought this several months ago and tried several times to appreciate the smell since all the reviews were great but this is really a strong scent and I ca n't take it . Sorry ...
 Is my mom 's favorite perfum , in Mexico I have troubles to find it . I bought it in this web site but I received the perfum opened and somebody used it because the original package was open .
 This is my favorite pwerfume for the past 12 years and this Dolce & Gabbana does not even smell ... It has no scent at all . This is waste of my money !!!! Very Disappointed . I wish I could send it back and get my money , this is like plain water with color . I 'm very unhappy with it . I just ordered another Doilce & Gabbana from the website I usually buy it from . I paid for dirty water . Not HAPPY !!!!!!
 I know I am in the the minority here , but I absolutely hate this scent . I washed it off after a few minutes .
 ONCE MY WIFE OPENED THIS NEW BOTTLE AND USED IT SHE IMMEDIATELY STATED WHEN I SPRAYED MY NEW PERFUME IT BURNED . I COMPARED THE BOTTLES NEW ANS OLD , THE REAL BOTTLE HAD A NOTICEABLE COLOR DIFFERENCE IN THE LID AND THE ACTUAL SPRAYER WAS MUCH LARGE THAN THE REAL AND WHITE IN COLOR . NEXT TIME I WILL GO TO MY LOCAL DEPARTMENT STORE . THANKS FOR NOTHING .
 I never got this it was a waste of time and they did not want to give me my money back
 While the products are all as described , the service from Demeter Fragrance Library left much to be desired . I placed an order of 1 full sized cologne spray and two samples . My order came with a free sample which was delightful , except that one sample arrived completely shattered and the sample spray pump did not work . I contacted Demeter Fragrance Library immediately to report the issue and was advised that if I were to return the defective products they would be more than happy to exchange or replace them . I was told I would be refunded for the shipping cost for having to mail my damaged products back to them . This was not the case . While they sent me new products and refunded me for the one item I returned , I was not reimbursed shipping and it took me a week to get a hold of someone at the company who told me that they never reimburse shipping back unless you return the whole order . However , this was not what I was told the first time I called or I would have never sent it back . Now I 'm out more for the shipping than I would have been just for the broken perfume sample . The woman I spoke to basically told me that no one could have possibly told me that I would be refunded unless I shipped the whole order back to them because `` It 's never been that way so I do n't know how that could be possible . '' Way to make your customer feel great . I 'll never place an order with them again . Order from an external website if you must .
 I LOVE lime , and have found it difficult to find something lime scented that does n't combine something else with it . Knowing how Demeter generally hits things right on the head , I was excited for this to be delivered.I 'm not disappointed . It has more of a lemon-lime soda scent . I thought maybe it was just me , and had some friends try it , covering up the label , and asking them what it was - all four said lemon-lime soda . Sigh.It also seems to fade quickly , and the scent does n't stay as with most Demeter products . If you want something that smells just like a fresh cut lime , this is n't it .
 I had pretty high hopes for this scent , as I 'd had Demeter fragrances in the past and they were consistently good . Unfortunately , Tomato Seeds Cologne is n't as authentic as I hoped . Too alcohol-y and astringent , with little or no tomato scent . I 'm guessing it 's just a difficult smell to translate to a perfume , and not a lack of quality from Demeter.I might just stick to their florals .
 I smelled Tomato at a boutique a number of years ago and loved it . This stuff is hideous . It smells more like the carrying medium than tomatoes . It 's the worst thing I 've ever bought on Amazon in the past 14 years . Wish i could return it but I ca n't because it 's a flammable substance .
 This did not work for me at all , not even slightly . I ordered 2 packeages and used them both . No results . I would NOT oreder again .
 I had hoped , and I followed the directions to the letter . Sadly , it did n't work . It did n't even work a little bit . Save your money .
 I have trouble sleeping so I purchased this eye cream to help eleviate the dark circles that I sometimes get . Like most of the other eye creams that I have tried this one gives the same result which is to irritate my eyes . The effects were worse than one of my allergy attacks with burning , itching and redness . I would not recommended this product for people with sensitive skin or eyes .
 I followed the instructions to a `` T '' . All to no avail . No reduction in dark areas under or towards the center of my eyes .
 ... lately the products have been hit or miss.I recently tried Sticky Toffee Pudding in the 4 oz room spray and it 's definitely become my favorite -- I ca n't get enough of it ! On the other hand , my mother loves the Waffle Cone and I ordered her 2 bottles from the Demeter website -LRB- $ 14 each , plus flat rate shipping -RRB- and they came smelling nothing like the waffle cone she loves . It almost smells rancid like whiskey . There 's no problem with exchanges -- that 's what their website says anyway . I do n't know if it 's the room spray version that is bad or if they reformulated , but I 'm going to send it back and pay the extra for the cologne version.As for other scents I 've tried : Sugar Cookie - Very very sweet . A little too sweet for me.Brownie - An artificial chocolate smell , but not offensive . Does n't last very long.Graham Cracker - Hard to find the scent in the sea of alcohol in the product.Waffle - Very maple syrup-y . Strawberry Ice Cream - Very artificial owerpowering scent . Almost like a very concentrated strawberry Quik . -LRB- Strawberry milk powder brand . -RRB- Scottish Shortbread - There is some sort of oil in the mixture and when it arrived it was nearly frozen . I did n't care for this smell either . sort of an almond cookie smell but also masked by the alcohol smell.Mojito - Ick . My mom received this as a promo item somewhere and it smells like a hospital to me ! I 'm not sure which component of Mojito smell is doing that to it , but I 'd pass.There 's a Jelly Belly line scent that has something to do with blackberries . It was a pretty harsh scent . Not light and airy -- very contrived and strong . Over the top but not in a good way . Same goes for the Blueberry Muffin in the Jelly Belly line.Vanilla Cake Batter - Not very exciting . Very vanilla , not very cakey.I reviewed the Rubber and Mesquite scents on Amazon somewhere -- pass on those.Before you invest the money , go to the Demeter site and get the $ 51/2 oz splash version of the scent you like . Or just get the Sticky Toffee Pudding . ; -RRB-
 While the products are all as described , the service from Demeter Fragrance Library left much to be desired . I placed an order of 1 full sized cologne spray and two samples . My order came with a free sample which was delightful , except that one sample arrived completely shattered and the sample spray pump did not work . I contacted Demeter Fragrance Library immediately to report the issue and was advised that if I were to return the defective products they would be more than happy to exchange or replace them . I was told I would be refunded for the shipping cost for having to mail my damaged products back to them . This was not the case . While they sent me new products and refunded me for the one item I returned , I was not reimbursed shipping and it took me a week to get a hold of someone at the company who told me that they never reimburse shipping back unless you return the whole order . However , this was not what I was told the first time I called or I would have never sent it back . Now I 'm out more for the shipping than I would have been just for the broken perfume sample . The woman I spoke to basically told me that no one could have possibly told me that I would be refunded unless I shipped the whole order back to them because `` It 's never been that way so I do n't know how that could be possible . '' Way to make your customer feel great . I 'll never place an order with them again . Order from an external website if you must .
 Not much more to say than the title , but that 's exactly the case , i LOVE the lime scent , it is sharp and tangy , not far off from real lime by the way ! But maybe with a slightly margarita-tinge . yum , i love it . But the smell does n't last longer than a minute , even if i spray 10 sprays of it . :-LRB- . Total bummer .
 the hight note on this is great but what remains ... just think bathroom ... dont buy this one . I do enjoy a few of the other choices they have , , , , , , dont wasted your money on this
 I ordered this for my wife . I knew is was only 4 oz but it seemed even smaller . For the price it is not worth it . My wife liked the smell but the results were horrible . Would never purshase this again .
 I was very disappointed in this product . I paid for a premium fragrance to give us that real Christmas tree smell and got something that smells just like the cheap pine bathroom deodorizers of years ago .
 I purchased the Honeysuckle.The scent was pleasing , however , I can walk down a househld aislein the supermarket and pick upsomething for less then 1/2 the pricethat smells just as nice .
 I bought `` Thunderstorm '' and it is absolutely aweful ! Not a clean fresh storm like I expected but wet dirt and dust . Not at all what I want people smelling when they walk into my home . I was very disapointed ! If you 're into this sort of smell more power to you , but it 's not at all something I would ever buy again .
 I bought Mildew thinking it would smell sort of like damp towels that had been in the bathroom for a couple of days but was disappointed to find it smelled more like sports liniment . Will next try thunderstorm .
 Unlike the Creme de Corps Honey Body Polish and lotion , this one did not work . It takes a lot of the product to lather up and seeing how Kiehl 's can be pricey , I do n't want to use too much at a time . I felt like I was not putting anything on my skin . Once used , it does not make my skin softer and I noticed no difference in my skin compared to a drugstore brand . To be fair though , it did not dry my skin out . I will not repurchase this once I 'm done with it .
 After I bought some of this and tried it , I do n't think there is any or much human pheromone in it , synthetic or otherwise.There are reputable products out there but , I 'm returning this one and moving on . Incidentally , I looked for a `` Monarch Laboratories '' in Encino , CA and there is none . There is a Company of that name in LA , but they have no connection , other than they get a lot of complaints from people looking for the imaginary one . That the label does n't attach well to the bottle is probably a bad sign.I 'm glad i did n't pay anywhere near the `` retail '' price for this or I would really be pissed .
 When this arrived , I was surprised that there was no Remington logo on the package -LRB- there was no logo at all -RRB- . When I put the screens on , I could see that the color was off . When I first shaved with the new screens , they scratched my face ! The plastic ends stick above the screen and the edges have n't been rounded . For the first time in all the years I have been using an electric razor , replacing the screen was n't a major relief . Do yourself a favor and get one of the other SP-93 products available -LRB- they have pictures of the Remington packaging -RRB- .
 ... lately the products have been hit or miss.I recently tried Sticky Toffee Pudding in the 4 oz room spray and it 's definitely become my favorite -- I ca n't get enough of it ! On the other hand , my mother loves the Waffle Cone and I ordered her 2 bottles from the Demeter website -LRB- $ 14 each , plus flat rate shipping -RRB- and they came smelling nothing like the waffle cone she loves . It almost smells rancid like whiskey . There 's no problem with exchanges -- that 's what their website says anyway . I do n't know if it 's the room spray version that is bad or if they reformulated , but I 'm going to send it back and pay the extra for the cologne version.As for other scents I 've tried : Sugar Cookie - Very very sweet . A little too sweet for me.Brownie - An artificial chocolate smell , but not offensive . Does n't last very long.Graham Cracker - Hard to find the scent in the sea of alcohol in the product.Waffle - Very maple syrup-y . Strawberry Ice Cream - Very artificial owerpowering scent . Almost like a very concentrated strawberry Quik . -LRB- Strawberry milk powder brand . -RRB- Scottish Shortbread - There is some sort of oil in the mixture and when it arrived it was nearly frozen . I did n't care for this smell either . sort of an almond cookie smell but also masked by the alcohol smell.Mojito - Ick . My mom received this as a promo item somewhere and it smells like a hospital to me ! I 'm not sure which component of Mojito smell is doing that to it , but I 'd pass.There 's a Jelly Belly line scent that has something to do with blackberries . It was a pretty harsh scent . Not light and airy -- very contrived and strong . Over the top but not in a good way . Same goes for the Blueberry Muffin in the Jelly Belly line.Vanilla Cake Batter - Not very exciting . Very vanilla , not very cakey.I reviewed the Rubber and Mesquite scents on Amazon somewhere -- pass on those.Before you invest the money , go to the Demeter site and get the $ 51/2 oz splash version of the scent you like . Or just get the Sticky Toffee Pudding . ; -RRB-
 While the products are all as described , the service from Demeter Fragrance Library left much to be desired . I placed an order of 1 full sized cologne spray and two samples . My order came with a free sample which was delightful , except that one sample arrived completely shattered and the sample spray pump did not work . I contacted Demeter Fragrance Library immediately to report the issue and was advised that if I were to return the defective products they would be more than happy to exchange or replace them . I was told I would be refunded for the shipping cost for having to mail my damaged products back to them . This was not the case . While they sent me new products and refunded me for the one item I returned , I was not reimbursed shipping and it took me a week to get a hold of someone at the company who told me that they never reimburse shipping back unless you return the whole order . However , this was not what I was told the first time I called or I would have never sent it back . Now I 'm out more for the shipping than I would have been just for the broken perfume sample . The woman I spoke to basically told me that no one could have possibly told me that I would be refunded unless I shipped the whole order back to them because `` It 's never been that way so I do n't know how that could be possible . '' Way to make your customer feel great . I 'll never place an order with them again . Order from an external website if you must .
 Not much more to say than the title , but that 's exactly the case , i LOVE the lime scent , it is sharp and tangy , not far off from real lime by the way ! But maybe with a slightly margarita-tinge . yum , i love it . But the smell does n't last longer than a minute , even if i spray 10 sprays of it . :-LRB- . Total bummer .
 the hight note on this is great but what remains ... just think bathroom ... dont buy this one . I do enjoy a few of the other choices they have , , , , , , dont wasted your money on this
 I ordered this for my wife . I knew is was only 4 oz but it seemed even smaller . For the price it is not worth it . My wife liked the smell but the results were horrible . Would never purshase this again .
 I was very disappointed in this product . I paid for a premium fragrance to give us that real Christmas tree smell and got something that smells just like the cheap pine bathroom deodorizers of years ago .
 I purchased the Honeysuckle.The scent was pleasing , however , I can walk down a househld aislein the supermarket and pick upsomething for less then 1/2 the pricethat smells just as nice .
 I bought `` Thunderstorm '' and it is absolutely aweful ! Not a clean fresh storm like I expected but wet dirt and dust . Not at all what I want people smelling when they walk into my home . I was very disapointed ! If you 're into this sort of smell more power to you , but it 's not at all something I would ever buy again .
 I bought Mildew thinking it would smell sort of like damp towels that had been in the bathroom for a couple of days but was disappointed to find it smelled more like sports liniment . Will next try thunderstorm .
 Tried the shampoo for four months , then also tried the expensive hair and scalp lotion with booster from Kevis . It did nothing to stop hair loss . Discontinued use of the after several months when persistent headaches began to follow each application of the hair and scalp lotion with booster .
 Limelight fades drastically after a couple of washes . I 've used other Special Effects products that last just fine . This color in particular is n't great .
 This product faded quickly and showed up best on VERY white hair . However , longer processing time worked better . This is no reflection on the seller , the shipping time was excellent , thanks !
 I purchased for my son , followed the directions very carefully and product did not work on his brown hair . We tried twice , leaving the product on longer and still no results . I contacted the company for a refund and were told that since the product was opened I could not return . Will never , ever purchase another product from this company . Extremely disappointed with the company and the product .
 I have purchased this item in stores for a number of years and found it to be one of the best three-in-one products available . When the Stila convertible color stick arrived by mail the roll-up color was so soft that it broke repeatedly and the product itself created smudge instead of the usual fine line . The liner stick fell out after three days . There was no product in the shadow part , which left only the sponge in working order . I have always liked this Stila product , but will buy it in the stores from now on , where I can examine it to see if it is still the fine product I remember .
 Have used and loved this product before but when this arrived it was broken . The smudger side completely fell off when I opened it and is no longer functional .
 This purchase arrived well after the notified delivery date of May 15 , 2009 , and was damaged . ICoco Mademoiselle by Chanel for Women 3.4 oz Eau de Toilette Spray contact the Seller to inform them that the glass bottle of Coco Chanel Mademoiselle was broken and its contains has drained from the parcel . mind you , I have to date never opened the box , however , due to the obvious leakage of perfume I contacted the Seller via email . I informed the Seller of the above and request a replacement bottle . I have NEVER recieved a reply to this request .
 Works well when it stays on , but needs to be re-applied every other day or so . Probably would not recommend .
 It peels off if applied under/top/in between the polish nail . Its a wast of money . Dont buy it . It peels off when your wash your hands .
 I was so impressed when I received this & promptly used it as a top coat with fantastic results . However , after reading the ingredients , I was shocked to see that Formaldehyde is listed . I ca n't support a product that has carcinogens in it and nor should anyone else .
 I was very disappointed . Do people really use this on their horses . I put it on clean nails and within a day , it was peeling off like celophane ! I wash my hands , do dishes , and take a shower - just like any human , and probably less than any horse - but the stuff did not last . Sad product . I did get a refund though .
 It is cheap in price ... so you get what you pay for . It peels off within the first day , it does not help your nails in any way . I was looking for a product to truely harden my nails .
 This product is not any different from any other top coat out there . It does not prevent chipping any longer than a few hours . I used it and the same day my nail polish chipped . Awful !
 It does n't stay on at all . It peels off the same day . How can it strengthen your nails , if it does n't even stay on ? I 'm very disappointed . Waste of money !
 I would n't buy this product again . The shine was absolutely fantastic . The product peels off as the day wears on . By the next morning , most of it had come off . I was very disappointed in the product .
 I put this stuff on and 4 nails broke the next day . My nails got worse instead of better . Will not use it ever again . Waste of money !
 I bought for the first time and used it yesterday . I am not impressed at this point . I had 3 chipped nails this morning . I had n't done anything except wash my hair . One post mentioned this is a top coat . -LRB- I know that top coats and base coats are different -RRB- . I used 2 coats as a base , then 2 coats of an Orly polish and one coat as a topcoat . I will give it one more try as a topcoat only and see what happens . I had thought this was a nail strengthener/hardener , and those are used on the bare nail . If this does n't adhere to the bare nail then it would n't do much as a strengthener .
 my nails are thin and tear and break very easily , I had hoped this would help , but it made my nails so brittle , that they would just break off everytime they hit something sort of like a frozen branch . maybe would be good for people with thicker nails , I do n't know but I had to stop using it after 2nd application .
 I bought this in conjunction with the nail cream . This did n't last a day after I put it on my nails . I polished in the evening , then put on the nail cream and after 1 shower , it was already chipping off . Do n't waste your money .
 Peels off as soon as you apply it and it dries . Do not recoment it to anyone . I would have liked it if did work . i wonder what it does to horse ' hoofs ? How can it protect when it does not stsy on !
 I have purchased this item in stores for a number of years and found it to be one of the best three-in-one products available . When the Stila convertible color stick arrived by mail the roll-up color was so soft that it broke repeatedly and the product itself created smudge instead of the usual fine line . The liner stick fell out after three days . There was no product in the shadow part , which left only the sponge in working order . I have always liked this Stila product , but will buy it in the stores from now on , where I can examine it to see if it is still the fine product I remember .
 Have used and loved this product before but when this arrived it was broken . The smudger side completely fell off when I opened it and is no longer functional .
 I bought this item because I understood that was made of bone material , related in its description . But it is plastic !! For a international purchase , it was an deception with unnecessary costs .
 I love these socks . They are so comfy and I like that they are organic-no pesticides or other harmful stuff used to grow the cotton or manufacture the socks . The tie-dye ones are really fun . However , the last batch I bought -- all of them developed holes in the heels after about two days of use . Granted my heels are a little rough , but a use-life of two days is just unacceptable , especially given the price and the fact that I 'm not walking around that much . Unfortunately , I wo n't be buying these again .
 I shopped carefully to replace our long-used and worn-out tub pillows . I thought it would be worth the higher price to get these for appearance and comfort . They were disappointing in many ways . One had a suction cup that inverted and would not stick right from the start , the other developed a leak at a seam after just a few uses . Once inflated , they are very much smaller and not that comfortable . The green color is pretty , but so was Virginia Mayo -LRB- for those of you old enough to recall that TV Guide review -RRB- . Pretty flat , pretty uncomfortable , and pretty bad purchase , far outweigh it 's appearance . They were a waste of time and money !
 I bought the Conair Pro Style 1875 dryer about 6 months ago.I rarely used it , but lately since I 've been trying to save money , I 've started to do my own hair at home.That is when I discovered that this dryer was just a waste of space in the top of my closet.It barely dries my hair , but it will burn a hole in at the top of my scalp ! I am constantly moving my head left to right so that the heat can touch every side of my hair all while running my fingers through so the heat can get to the inside of the hair . It 's just too much work done on my part ! ... and that 's not the worst partThe dryer is CONSTANTLY COLLAPSING on my head !! Not once , not twice , but all the time I 'm under the dryer . So while i 'm twisting my head and separating my hair with one hand , i 'm holding the bonnet up with the other.PLEASE DO NO WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS PRODUCT !!
 I bought this hairdryer as a gift for my 84 year old mom and it does not work as promised . The adjustment for height is hard to use the dryer does n't dry the back of the hair , just the front.Also , it has collapsed while she was sitting under it , so not only does n't it work properly but it is also potentially dangerous . I would definitely not buy this hairdryer .
 I would not advise anybody to buy this product . It is the noisest hard hat hair dryer I have ever heard . It takes extremely long to dry my hair . I wanted to send it back to the manufacterer but I have no money to waste on shipping so i decided to just live with it and consider it a loss .
 J-U-N-K !!!!!! This product is pretty much going out of the box and into the recycle . The air blows only on the top of your head and not only dries it , it dries it out while leaving the back of your head soaking wet ! I bought it for my daughter who has coarse and very curly hair . The scalp on the top of her head ended up burning while the back of her hair remained dripping down her back . I recommend spending more for a better product and keep one more appliance out of the garbage -LRB- recycle -RRB- , which is where this one is going very soon .
 I 've finally decided to replace this dryer . For the past few months I 've been making do with it because I do n't have the receipt to return it . This dryer hood does not click into place and is not height adjustable . I will say again - This dryer hood does not click into place and is not height adjustable . Once it is set up you must slide this terribly inadequate plastic catch up the back of the hood to hold it in place . Oh and you have to do that after you are sitting under it . So you have to reach up over and behind your head and the hood to fix -LRB- notice I didnt say ` lock ' -RRB- the hood in place . If you set it up before you sit under it and happen to tip it ever so slightly it will collapse . If you so much as sneeze while under this dryer the hood will fall and hit you in the face . I have not used it one time without this happening . I miss my Lady Daisy terribly and this dryer makes me miss it more . This dryer is also very loud . Like shop vac loud with a strained whistle going at the same time . It 's just that bad . I wish I never purchased it and ca n't wait to replace it . If you need cheap heat this is fine . If you are a die hard at home roller setter/wrapper/deep conditioner/wet setter/braid setter/twist outer/style molder/colorer then please spend a few extra coins for a better dryer .
 What a piece of crap . If it was n't so much trouble I would send it back . There is no way to adjust the height , the plastic is cheap , cheap , cheap , and other than a great deal of noise , nothing much comes out of the hood . And by that I mean hot air . Just gon na throw it away .
 Do not buy this dryer it will stop working in 3 months i used this dry proberbly 3 times in 3 months and it just stop working and you have to have the recipt to return it is just not worth it plus the heat come from one direction and you have to move you head so that ever were can dry skip it theirs a reason its priced so cheap
 I have had this dryer a few years now and I rarely use it due to its poor performance . It only has holes at the top of the hat so the air is only released at the top of your head and it does not dry the back and lower sides of your hair properly . You have to keep turning and twisting your head to get some of the air to blow on each quadrant of your head . The adjustable length is not very practical and you have to be creative about where you put the dryer and the chair you use in order to sit under the it comfortably . Do not buy this product !
 this hooded hair dryer a reasonable price now I know why , it is noisy and the air flow is too weak , it takes too long to dry regular length hair I finished up drying my daughter 's hair with a hand held hair dryer !
 I was disappointed in how few holes there were for the air to come through in order to dry my hair . It appears that the product is very cheap plastic . It did dry ok but I was expecting a much better quality in the dryer.Jean Cassada
 I bought this product based on customer reviews . It would impossible to overstate the poor quality of this product . Does n't dry hair effectively . Hood is so high you need to sit on a stool . The mechanism for adjusting the height is extremely difficult to use ... and still does n't get it low enough to not have to sit on a stool or very high chair . There are no air drying vents on the sides of the hood . Top of the head gets all the heat . Poor investment . We had to return .
 I have this dyer and its the worst ever , it falls on your head and then you ca n't adjust it .
 Dryer does not dry my hair well at all . I can sit under it a full hour , and my hair in some sections will still be dripping wet . Total waste of money .
 I purchased this dryer to replace my old , old , old hair dryer . My previous dryer was great but it just stopped working after many year . So it was time for a new one . This dryer has two speeds low and high nothing in-between , ok I did not like that feature but I can live with that , what I did not like at all was the fact that the vents were only on the top of the hood so there is no air flow around the sides of your head . There other featured I was totally displeased about was the fact that you can NOT adjust the hood at all its either up or down . I do n't know about you but when I dry my hair , the dryer goes on the table and I site facing the dryer and it would be nice to adjust the hood so it does not feel like half your hear is not being dried . I did try to face fwd but it is still to high and I do n't feel that I am fully under it comfortably . I had put something under it so it would tilt forward . Mind you my table is NOT that high and it your average hight table . Unfortunately I normally wear my hair curly and did not bother to open the box and inspect it until now -LRB- 4 months later -RRB- so it is to late to returen it which makes me want to kick myself for that . My old dryer was from Conair and being that I loved it so much I figured I would love this one just as much , NOT the case at all . I am extremely dissatisfied and disappointed with this crap .
 No side vents , so the top of your head is dry first and becomes unbearably hot , while the sides and back are still wet . On high , it 's very loud .
 it 's cheaply made . They just do n't make them like they use too . I 'm very disappointedin this Bonnet Hair Dryer
 this dryer is a waste of money , the hood does not adjust and it is difficult to get it positioned over your head so your hair actually dries . you have to stick your head all the way to the top of the hood to really get the air on your hair , and since it only really comes out of a few holes on the top it just burns a few spots and doest really affect the rest of your hair . this is only good for people with really straight fine hair . not for rollers or any types of styling ...
 I bought this dryer about a week ago because I 've recently become natural and I needed a hooded dryer for hot oil treatments and deep conditioning . This is my first time using the dryer and I hate it . The price was reasonable and now I understand why . It is so noisy I ca n't take it . The worst part of it is that I found a dryer in my closet which I clearly forgot about and now i 'm stuck with an overly noisy dryer that I will never use again . If you plan on buying a dryer please please read the product reviews from people who have purchased it . I failed to do that and if I did I would n't be stuck with a noisy dryer .
 When you turn it on setting 2 . Its smells real bad . . There are no holes for the heat to come out in the sides . Setting . 1 dose not get very hot . . I would not recommend this product to know one . .
 I bought this item because I understood that was made of bone material , related in its description . But it is plastic !! For a international purchase , it was an deception with unnecessary costs .
 OMG , PEOPLE , SAVE YOUR MONEY ! This is not the Heaven sent we all remember and love , it 's a very bad cheap immitation , not to mention they 're using a box for a 2.5 oz bottle for 1.5 oz ! If you already have this , look at your box and see if there is n't a 1.5 sticker over the original size . You see the box , and how big it is , then pull the bottle out and it 's SO SMALL ! Do NOT pay this much for a cheap immitation , save your money and buy a perfume at Belks !
 does n't smell like the original heaven scent nor does it stay with you . . sent disappears after a while . Have to reapply
 I love these socks . They are so comfy and I like that they are organic-no pesticides or other harmful stuff used to grow the cotton or manufacture the socks . The tie-dye ones are really fun . However , the last batch I bought -- all of them developed holes in the heels after about two days of use . Granted my heels are a little rough , but a use-life of two days is just unacceptable , especially given the price and the fact that I 'm not walking around that much . Unfortunately , I wo n't be buying these again .
 The pencil is labeled as being for `` dark blondes '' , but the color goes on so lightly it is indiscernible . I have dark blonde hair , I have light skin and light brows , and I erringly assumed this was the product for me . I have used it once or twice and regretted it . It makes a mess of my eyebrows and I end up having to redo them in a darker color . The applicator is not easy to use , the pencil is wholly useless , and I do not have patience for this product . I ended up buying a Brow Marker from M.A.C. for about $ 18 dollars , but it was light years better than this product . For those that have to pencil their eyebrows in order to see them , this brow pencil wo n't help you .
 This would probably be a good product for me if it were not for the color . The only `` blonde '' I have found is dark blonde . It has too much of an orange base in it for me . If this product had a light blonde I would definitely buy it .
 I have brows that are fairly thin but mostly they stop short of the average length brow . In the past I 've used bare minerals/escentuals brow color to lengthen and fill in my brows to great success . However I am a fan of makekupbytiffanyd.com who does beautiful makeup tips and she recommended this brow fantasy by Revlon . So off I went to Walgreens . It was definitely less expensive than bare minerals so that is a pro as is the fact that it 's quicker to apply than adding water and using my brow brush , but when I tried to apply brow fantasy I found I had to press quite hard to get the color to go on . The color is n't very soft or pigmented so it took pressure and movement to get color . This ruined the line I tried to create of course . definitely not as clean looking . :-LRB- The gel half was almost useless . I do n't understand what good it does unless you have big bushy man brows . I do n't see what all the hype is about this product but if it works for you consider yourself lucky because it 's a good deal . As for me , I 'm going back to bare minerals brow color on ebay . : -RRB-
 The pencil is fine but I feel like the gel is greasy . And if you put powder on your face , some sticks to the gel which makes you look like you have snow on your eyebrows .
 The pencil color is useful , but the gel is horrendous . One of my friends thought I had mud on my eyebrows . Opt for a clear gel instead !
 Crayon is OK , nothing special , but gel is non-existing - at least in my item - so , i have no chance to try it on my eyebrows.Can i return this thing without the original package ?
 I bought it in brown color and when I employed that I do n't see any color . It 's same no color .
 I could take it or leave it ; mostly leave it . The pencil is okay but the gel is just too much . Why place a colored mascara gel over a penciled eyebrow ? Once the gel was put over the pencil it looked horrible . Way too much . If you want to look like a clown , then go for it .
 I purchased the color for a brunette but it was too light for me . Unless I lighten my hair color , I will probably not use it .
 What came to me is not the original Xeryus , but it does have the smell of it.Too bad that it does n't last nearly as long as the original did.I 'M VERY DISAPPOINTED !
 Way to small for the price , very disappointing it smells good but they package it in a huge envelope , u get excited and it 's teeny tiny . If your gunna get one get one that 's bigger somewhere else , not worth it
 El producto nunca me lleg&oacute; por problemas de stock . Lastimosamente lo compr&eacute; en epoca de navidad lo cual complic&oacute; el env&iacute;o
 The bottle of perfume you sent is square and sits on a table . You advertised the tall rectangle size that can go in your purse - which is what I thought I was buying.Why did you do that ?
 I do n't know ... this stuff just did n't leave me feeling like my hair was at it 's shiniest . It gets 2 stars because I use the empty bottle to hold the human souls I collect .
 I have purchased this item in stores for a number of years and found it to be one of the best three-in-one products available . When the Stila convertible color stick arrived by mail the roll-up color was so soft that it broke repeatedly and the product itself created smudge instead of the usual fine line . The liner stick fell out after three days . There was no product in the shadow part , which left only the sponge in working order . I have always liked this Stila product , but will buy it in the stores from now on , where I can examine it to see if it is still the fine product I remember .
 Have used and loved this product before but when this arrived it was broken . The smudger side completely fell off when I opened it and is no longer functional .
 I love these socks . They are so comfy and I like that they are organic-no pesticides or other harmful stuff used to grow the cotton or manufacture the socks . The tie-dye ones are really fun . However , the last batch I bought -- all of them developed holes in the heels after about two days of use . Granted my heels are a little rough , but a use-life of two days is just unacceptable , especially given the price and the fact that I 'm not walking around that much . Unfortunately , I wo n't be buying these again .
 this was my favorite scent years ago , but this bottle smells nothing like the original . either my nose has changed or the formula has !
 I have worn Elizabeth Arden Eau Fraiche for years and was very disappointed when it was discontinued in the shops . Recently I bought some on Amazon but was very disappointed that it did n't smell the same at all . I ended up binning it .
 I am a devout Amazon.com customer as well as Bumble & Bumble customer so I was greatly disappointed by this Super Rich conditioner product . It simply does n't have that B & B smell nor does it do the same great things for my hair . It really seems to be a different product in a B & B container ...
 I purchased a case of bumble and bumble products through Amazon . Not only was it shipped in shoddy newspaper , but the contents of the Bumble & Bumble Gentle Shampoo and Conditioner smell and feel NOTHING like that which I buy from Bumble and Bumble in NY . It makes me wonder if someone in the middle is n't messing with the contents . I tried contacting Amazon to complain , with no luck . I recommend buying from a salon that you know and trust as the product -LRB- when you 're actually getting the true contents -RRB- is a fine product - 5 * in my opinion .
 I am a big fan of Bumble & Bumble but I was a bit disappointed with this conditioner . First off , the conditioner does n't smell very good . Yes , the texture is thick and rich and even after rinsing makes your hair feel smooth . But , in my opinion this is ideal for people that have very-very dry hair . If your hair is not super dry , this product may moisturize too much . My hair feels great after I blow-dry it but I notice by the end of the day , my hair is almost oily . If you do use this product , use a very small amount and work it in prior to rinsing .
 I purchased the super rich conditioner . It did n't look right or smell right . I had a little left in my old bottle and compared the products -LRB- old bottle was purchased from B&B site -RRB- and they were NOT the same . I was ripped off !
 Product was so-so ; not worth the price . Did n't seem to make any difference in the war on frizzy hair .
 I purchased this shampoo and conditioner from my salon . It smells nice but leaves my hair very tangled and stringy . I used it all to get my money 's worth but have been anxious to get my old pureology back . I would not recommend this product . It takes twice as long to brush my hair out after using and it 's just awful .
 This is not an authentic B&B product ... the consistency and smell was completely off . I wish I had read the reviews before purchasing !
 I love these socks . They are so comfy and I like that they are organic-no pesticides or other harmful stuff used to grow the cotton or manufacture the socks . The tie-dye ones are really fun . However , the last batch I bought -- all of them developed holes in the heels after about two days of use . Granted my heels are a little rough , but a use-life of two days is just unacceptable , especially given the price and the fact that I 'm not walking around that much . Unfortunately , I wo n't be buying these again .
 I love these socks . They are so comfy and I like that they are organic-no pesticides or other harmful stuff used to grow the cotton or manufacture the socks . The tie-dye ones are really fun . However , the last batch I bought -- all of them developed holes in the heels after about two days of use . Granted my heels are a little rough , but a use-life of two days is just unacceptable , especially given the price and the fact that I 'm not walking around that much . Unfortunately , I wo n't be buying these again .
 I 'm sorry , but I have to say Pantene shampoo , and their conditioner , is probably the worst among what I have used up to now . The shampoo makes the hair really dry and twisted , AND the hair is not clean yet . The conditioner does n't do any job in smoothing it back either . I wo n't use Pantene product any more in future .
 I have purchased this item in stores for a number of years and found it to be one of the best three-in-one products available . When the Stila convertible color stick arrived by mail the roll-up color was so soft that it broke repeatedly and the product itself created smudge instead of the usual fine line . The liner stick fell out after three days . There was no product in the shadow part , which left only the sponge in working order . I have always liked this Stila product , but will buy it in the stores from now on , where I can examine it to see if it is still the fine product I remember .
 Have used and loved this product before but when this arrived it was broken . The smudger side completely fell off when I opened it and is no longer functional .
 I love the Indigo Wild company and the fact that their products are all natural . I 've been trying a lot of them and most of them are great ! This product , however , rates lower . It smells wonderful , but it has the consistency of a medical salve and goes on greasy . The greasy feel lasts longer than most ` natural ' type products -LRB- like natural grape-seed oil or jojoba oil -RRB- and when the greasy feel is gone , so is the moisturizing effect of the product . My skin actually felt dryer after using this product than before . But it can be salvaged if you want a nice perfume . I dab a bit here an there and I smell wonderful ! I wo n't purchase this product again .
 I purchased these for my honeymoon to romance the wife.They do smell like roses and they look really nice until you put them into the water . They melt pretty fast , lose their shape and leave the water a red/pink color . Some of them stuck to the side of the tub and became solid again when they cooled . I had to wash it off with warm water . And when you get out of the tub , you feel the film from the soap covering your body and hair and its not pleasant.If your lady is laid back she may say `` its the thought that counts '' . If she 's not that kind of lady , I would n't recommend these . Instead go with a nice bubble bath , you wo n't feel like you need to shower when you 're done .
 This brush is stiff and rough to the touch . It 's flat surface and stiff bristles make it difficult to pick up color and apply it to your face . I would NOT recommend this brush to anyone . Even Elfs $ 1 brushes are higher quality .
 Okay , I am a bit of a `` bath aficianado '' . I tried this product thinking it would save me money because it has `` about 15 crushed bath bombs '' in one jar . But WOW was it awful !! I used -LRB- literally ! -RRB- half of the jar , and not only could I smell almost nothing unless I cupped my hand to raise the water right up to my nose , but there were no skin softening properties . AT ALL ! I would have done better to just dump half a box of baking soda in the tub!Now , I usually would n't leave a review ... but after using this product , I 'm thinking maybe that was always because even if I hated something I tried , I still liked SOMETHING about it AT LEAST a little bit . DO NOT waste your money here !! I wo n't name drop here , because I do n't want to dilute the validity of my review , but there is a certain company who makes fresh handmade bath products in Canada that you should definitely try if you want a yummy bath . DO N'T expect anything wonderful from Blockhead bath .
 I WROTE A SCATHING REVIEW BECAUSE I DID NOT RECIEVE MY PRODUCT & RECIEVED NO COMMUNICATION . THIS MORNING I RECIEVED A CALL FROM `` MICHELL '' FROM THE COMPANY THAT SELLS THE PRODUCT . SHE SAID THAT THEY HAD SENT ME 3 E-MAILS . I DID NOT RECIEVE THE E-MAILS & TRIED TO TELL HER SO , BUT SHE JUST KEPT INSISTING THAT THEY HAD E-MAILED ME . TO THE POINT THAT I FELT THAT SHE WAS CALLING ME A LIAR.SHE THEN SAID THAT IF I WOULD WRITE A MORE FAVORABLE REVIEW THEY WOULD REFUND MY MONEY . THAT SOUNDS LIKE BLACK MAIL TO ME.I WILL GIVE THEM THE BENFIT OF THE DOUBT , THAT THEY MAY HAVE INDEED ATTEMPTED TO E-MAIL ME . I DID NOT GET THEM !!!!!!!!! I BELIEVE THEY SHOULD REFUND MY MONEY WEATHER I WRITE THEM A GOOD REVIEW OR NOT .
 After two weeks of placing the order , during the days of expected arrival , HealioHealth informed me that they have cancelled my order without any further details . It is more then inconvenience . They should have informed me within days of placing the order .
 Simply as title , no lavender scent for this product . Why is the seller mentioned that in the description ?
 The fragrance of this product is not even remotely anything like lavender . It was difficult to use , as it arrived caked solid , not in pellets as pictured .
 My boyfriend has dandruff and has been using head & shoulders for years . We 're trying to find natural shampoos but have had no luck so far . This shampoo did nothing for his dandruff . If you need something for dandruff look somewhere else .
 I was previously using Nature 's Gate Shampoo -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- and it worked GREAT ! Took a bit to get use to the smell , but now I love how it smells . I 'm going into the health field so I 've been trying to experiment with natural products so instead of going with Nature 's Gate again , I decided to try this shampoo . Nature 's Gate has kept me dandruff free for 4 months now and after the first use of this shampoo , my scalp started itching ... when I scratched , I noticed I was SNOWING ! So everything it said it helps with ... it did totally opposite.I bought this and the conditioner ... so far I like the conditioner . I 've been using that with what I have left of nature 's gate shampoo and I 'm pretty happy with it . I still like the smell of my other conditioner better though -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- and it seemed to work just as well . Both my older shampoo and conditioner are also considerably cheaper ! I 'd recommend those of this product .
 It had little bitty lumps in it like it had spoiled . Will never order discontuned products from clinque again . I had a brad new bottle that i brought from the store to use first so it was several months before I knew it was sour . I ordered two , Expensive .
 I purchased this item from Amazon when the department store was out of same . I had used this product for many years and loved same . However , this product is no longer being made by Clinique and was clumpy and lumpy and obviously old and stale , and out-of-date . It should no longer be available on Amazon . I should have returned same as it was not useable .
 This has been my makeup for 20 years and has been discontinued . The product received had small lumps throughout and an odd smell . I 'm unable to use this makeup .
 Not at all happy with this product . The only way the smell stays is if you spray it a bunch on your shirt , etc. . and then only that one spot gives off the scent -LRB- not like cologne/perfume where the scent carriers -RRB- .
 Well the price was good but we got the wrong thing . And the one we got smells like dirty water .
 While the products are all as described , the service from Demeter Fragrance Library left much to be desired . I placed an order of 1 full sized cologne spray and two samples . My order came with a free sample which was delightful , except that one sample arrived completely shattered and the sample spray pump did not work . I contacted Demeter Fragrance Library immediately to report the issue and was advised that if I were to return the defective products they would be more than happy to exchange or replace them . I was told I would be refunded for the shipping cost for having to mail my damaged products back to them . This was not the case . While they sent me new products and refunded me for the one item I returned , I was not reimbursed shipping and it took me a week to get a hold of someone at the company who told me that they never reimburse shipping back unless you return the whole order . However , this was not what I was told the first time I called or I would have never sent it back . Now I 'm out more for the shipping than I would have been just for the broken perfume sample . The woman I spoke to basically told me that no one could have possibly told me that I would be refunded unless I shipped the whole order back to them because `` It 's never been that way so I do n't know how that could be possible . '' Way to make your customer feel great . I 'll never place an order with them again . Order from an external website if you must .
 I WROTE A SCATHING REVIEW BECAUSE I DID NOT RECIEVE MY PRODUCT & RECIEVED NO COMMUNICATION . THIS MORNING I RECIEVED A CALL FROM `` MICHELL '' FROM THE COMPANY THAT SELLS THE PRODUCT . SHE SAID THAT THEY HAD SENT ME 3 E-MAILS . I DID NOT RECIEVE THE E-MAILS & TRIED TO TELL HER SO , BUT SHE JUST KEPT INSISTING THAT THEY HAD E-MAILED ME . TO THE POINT THAT I FELT THAT SHE WAS CALLING ME A LIAR.SHE THEN SAID THAT IF I WOULD WRITE A MORE FAVORABLE REVIEW THEY WOULD REFUND MY MONEY . THAT SOUNDS LIKE BLACK MAIL TO ME.I WILL GIVE THEM THE BENFIT OF THE DOUBT , THAT THEY MAY HAVE INDEED ATTEMPTED TO E-MAIL ME . I DID NOT GET THEM !!!!!!!!! I BELIEVE THEY SHOULD REFUND MY MONEY WEATHER I WRITE THEM A GOOD REVIEW OR NOT .
 The fragrance of this product is not even remotely anything like lavender . It was difficult to use , as it arrived caked solid , not in pellets as pictured .
 After two weeks of placing the order , during the days of expected arrival , HealioHealth informed me that they have cancelled my order without any further details . It is more then inconvenience . They should have informed me within days of placing the order .
 Simply as title , no lavender scent for this product . Why is the seller mentioned that in the description ?
 I find this product to be so very drying , ca n't figure that out . It smells nice - I 'm familiar with the healing properties of Aloe and yet this is not a god item for me . Since beginning useage I have had drier , tighter hands = yes I wash my hands a lot , but this is ridiculous . I prefer the clear rain .
 I WROTE A SCATHING REVIEW BECAUSE I DID NOT RECIEVE MY PRODUCT & RECIEVED NO COMMUNICATION . THIS MORNING I RECIEVED A CALL FROM `` MICHELL '' FROM THE COMPANY THAT SELLS THE PRODUCT . SHE SAID THAT THEY HAD SENT ME 3 E-MAILS . I DID NOT RECIEVE THE E-MAILS & TRIED TO TELL HER SO , BUT SHE JUST KEPT INSISTING THAT THEY HAD E-MAILED ME . TO THE POINT THAT I FELT THAT SHE WAS CALLING ME A LIAR.SHE THEN SAID THAT IF I WOULD WRITE A MORE FAVORABLE REVIEW THEY WOULD REFUND MY MONEY . THAT SOUNDS LIKE BLACK MAIL TO ME.I WILL GIVE THEM THE BENFIT OF THE DOUBT , THAT THEY MAY HAVE INDEED ATTEMPTED TO E-MAIL ME . I DID NOT GET THEM !!!!!!!!! I BELIEVE THEY SHOULD REFUND MY MONEY WEATHER I WRITE THEM A GOOD REVIEW OR NOT .
 After two weeks of placing the order , during the days of expected arrival , HealioHealth informed me that they have cancelled my order without any further details . It is more then inconvenience . They should have informed me within days of placing the order .
 Simply as title , no lavender scent for this product . Why is the seller mentioned that in the description ?
 The fragrance of this product is not even remotely anything like lavender . It was difficult to use , as it arrived caked solid , not in pellets as pictured .
 I was hoping I 'd get the smell of buttery lobster . Out of novety I decided to buy this fragrane but it smells like febreze -LRB- which isnt bad for febreze when you want that smell but not when you want lobster -RRB- .
 While the products are all as described , the service from Demeter Fragrance Library left much to be desired . I placed an order of 1 full sized cologne spray and two samples . My order came with a free sample which was delightful , except that one sample arrived completely shattered and the sample spray pump did not work . I contacted Demeter Fragrance Library immediately to report the issue and was advised that if I were to return the defective products they would be more than happy to exchange or replace them . I was told I would be refunded for the shipping cost for having to mail my damaged products back to them . This was not the case . While they sent me new products and refunded me for the one item I returned , I was not reimbursed shipping and it took me a week to get a hold of someone at the company who told me that they never reimburse shipping back unless you return the whole order . However , this was not what I was told the first time I called or I would have never sent it back . Now I 'm out more for the shipping than I would have been just for the broken perfume sample . The woman I spoke to basically told me that no one could have possibly told me that I would be refunded unless I shipped the whole order back to them because `` It 's never been that way so I do n't know how that could be possible . '' Way to make your customer feel great . I 'll never place an order with them again . Order from an external website if you must .
 I WROTE A SCATHING REVIEW BECAUSE I DID NOT RECIEVE MY PRODUCT & RECIEVED NO COMMUNICATION . THIS MORNING I RECIEVED A CALL FROM `` MICHELL '' FROM THE COMPANY THAT SELLS THE PRODUCT . SHE SAID THAT THEY HAD SENT ME 3 E-MAILS . I DID NOT RECIEVE THE E-MAILS & TRIED TO TELL HER SO , BUT SHE JUST KEPT INSISTING THAT THEY HAD E-MAILED ME . TO THE POINT THAT I FELT THAT SHE WAS CALLING ME A LIAR.SHE THEN SAID THAT IF I WOULD WRITE A MORE FAVORABLE REVIEW THEY WOULD REFUND MY MONEY . THAT SOUNDS LIKE BLACK MAIL TO ME.I WILL GIVE THEM THE BENFIT OF THE DOUBT , THAT THEY MAY HAVE INDEED ATTEMPTED TO E-MAIL ME . I DID NOT GET THEM !!!!!!!!! I BELIEVE THEY SHOULD REFUND MY MONEY WEATHER I WRITE THEM A GOOD REVIEW OR NOT .
 The fragrance of this product is not even remotely anything like lavender . It was difficult to use , as it arrived caked solid , not in pellets as pictured .
 After two weeks of placing the order , during the days of expected arrival , HealioHealth informed me that they have cancelled my order without any further details . It is more then inconvenience . They should have informed me within days of placing the order .
 Simply as title , no lavender scent for this product . Why is the seller mentioned that in the description ?
 0 stars . I bought one of these in March , and it died in early May - the on button would not turn in on . I bought another -LSB- stupid me -RSB- to replace it ; it was a great price -LSB- hint -RSB- and I guessed I had gotten a lemon with the first one . No , both were lemons , and the second one failed after two months . I am shopping for something else and do n't know what I 'll get , but it darned sure ai n't gon na be another Conair !!! Keep shopping , folks . You 'll regret this purchase . mb
 I would have to agree with the above review . I purchased this iron today and used it as soon as I got home . Curling little sections on the right side of my head worked great , however , the left side gets the dents because the design of the spiral barrel . Still trying to figure it out , but I think it will go back !
 This is the worst item i have ever bought ... would have sent it back but i had to destroy the packaging it was in just toopen it up ... i checked this item & they said it would work with short hair ... well it does not ... the clip is way too short . . I am going to just throw it out ...
 Bought this today and will be returning promptly tomorrow . Do not understand the purpose of the spiral grooves . It is impossible to get your hair exactly between the grooves , so you end up with dents in your curl . Also , you 're out of luck if your hair is longer than the length of the barrel , since you ca n't go back over the barrel and heat some more grooves into your hair . It 's also very inconvenient to use if you 're right-handed , since you have to align the hair to enter the grooves correctly . Absolutely horrible design ! You 'll be much better off with a conventional curling iron .
 Somewhere in the fine print for this item I 'm sure there is a sentence that says , `` Buy this if you 're a sucker . `` I use a regular ceramic curling item to make spiral curls in my hair . It works great , but when I saw this item I had visions of even better curls , so I ordered it.What a pain to use . This iron has a raised spiral pattern along the length of the barrel , and you 're supposed to painstakingly wind your hair between these raised spirals ... I 'm guessing to make an even curl . It takes forever to do this . I did ok on the right side of my head -LRB- I 'm right-handed -RRB- but I had trouble doing the left side . You have to be a contortionist to get the iron at the correct angle and roll it up smoothly . And remember that this is coming from an experienced curling iron user.Were my curls any better than with a conventional curling iron ? That would be a big fat NO . AND it took double the amount of time to curl my hair . I kept it , solely because it is good to have a back-up if your regular iron dies at a critical moment , but I do n't have any interest in using it .
 I kept burning myself ... I found this curling iron very challenging to use . I liked the spiral curls , but find I do n't use the device because of the constant burns .
 First of all , this is tricky to use . Especially if you have short layers . Second of all , the curls I achieved from it , I do n't really think are any different than a regular 3/4 '' barrell curling iron . The curls were n't all that defined in some spots , and some had a crimping spot from the little clamp . I 'd skip it and get a normal curling iron which does the same thing and is easier to use .
 I 'm a hairdresser and not only is it hard to use on yourself but it 's equally hard to use on someone else . It truly sucks .
 I had a hard time using this product . The curls I created looked just like any other curl that I could have made with my regular curling iron . Maybe I just need some practice , but who has time ?
 Years ago I used Magie Noire all the time because I loved the way I could smell it for hours after putting it on and almost everytime I wore it people would compliment me on how great I smelled . So when Macys stopped selling it , I was really bummed!Then a few weeks ago my boyfriend discovered it on Amazon and surprised me with a bottle of it . I was so excited when it came in the mail . I immediately opened the box and sprayed some on . At first it seemed to be as I remembered ... but then in no time the smell evaporated and I had to reapply . It 's as though it has been watered down so much that the fragerance does n't smell as strong and it only stays with you for a very short time!I was really disappointed and could n't believe it cost $ 50 for what seemed to be a very light body mist : -LRB- Will not buy again !!!!
 I feel bad giving a hippie mascara a bad review , but this mascara makes my eyes itch , and it 's runny , and smears a lot , and feels like it 's never completely dry .
 ... but this mascara is nowhere near as wonderful as the rest of the Ecco Bella line . Maybe it just is n't meant for use during summer temperatures , since it smudges so easily . After a few hours , it looked as though I 'd badly applied black eyeliner -- but it was just the mascara coming off . I now wear bareMinerals Big Tease mascara , which not only does * not * smudge , but is also free of the parabens found in this Ecco Bella formula .
 No where on the description does it explain that this is merely a pad that goes inside a compact ... which is not included.I feel ripped off . I am able to return the item but despite being a Prime item , I have to pay return shipping charges .
 The problem with it is that any time I try to sharpen the pencil , the whole point breaks off . Get 's expensive when you lose an inch or more after trying over and over to get a point !
 I ordered the cocoa eyeliner and it is really a bright copper color , not the brown color it appears to be on the website . I will try to send it back.The pencil seemed a little hard , I 'm going to go back to my Honeybee 's eyeliner . They have a much better natural gluten free product .
 This product might be vegan-friendly but when they say it 's `` pure '' how to they explain the use of two parabens in the ingredients ? I was searching for a natural , non-toxic mascara and this came up somehow . Watch what companies say and what they put into their products , because this is still an unregulated industry . The word `` pure '' does n't mean anything , neither does `` natural . '' You really have to look closely .
 I 've been in the process of switching all skin care products to all-natural/chemical free , and wanted to try a `` eco '' mascara . It is OK - goes on easy , does n't clump ; but it does n't really look like you are wearing mascara and adds zero volume or length . It made my eyelashes separated and more defined , but that 's about it . I had to use four coats to make it even look like I was wearing mascara -LRB- I usually use one coat of a Stila mascara -RRB- . So in summary - its good if you just want definition and a natural product , as long as you do n't care about volume or length .
 I suppose most &#34; natural &#34; mascaras wo n't work as well as the chemical laden stuff , but this is a real waste of $ 11 . It smears on your eyelid as you put it on , then looks like you 're wearing nothing at all .
 Too sticky and it clumpy on my lashes will not reorder , it also came off if my eyes teared and was expensive .
 Beware of &#34; cocoa &#34; ! It is really red - just what I need on my already reddish eyes . But it is well made , so I am saving it for lip liner or for Halloween.If you are looking for brown , the bronze is a light brown , and the seal is dark brown.I do think &#34; cocoa &#34; is a misleading name . Wish I had known , as it was the first I ordered .
 I bought this item , which I thought was a little pricey for a pencil , because I was having allergy problems with my eye makeup . It wo n't go on my lids . It 's also very flaky . I 'm disappointed and would not recommend it to anyone . It was not worth $ 13 . Thanks , Carol M
 The search for a good natural mascara continues . This does have few ingredients , but includes propylparaben , which received a high -LRB- bad -RRB- rating of 5 on the environmental working group
 This is one of the worst colors . It is supposed to be cocoa but it is very red . When you use it as eyeliner , as my husband put it , it looks like I have some kind of eye infection . It went right in the trash .
 I read all the reviews for this item before I bought it and saw only one person who said it was not as advertised -- that it was as hard as a colored pencil . I should have listened to that one review and ignored the others . It is not soft , by any definition , and is unusable as eyeliner . Waste of money .
 this pencil is hideous . all you reviewers must have been paid to give a good review - this is NOT a soft pencil - it is hard and the color does n't go on without a lot of pressure . i could have bought a similar item at the drugstore for about 3 bucks ! it 's like the colored pencils i used when i was a kid!since i tried to use it , i 'm stuck with an almost $ 15 pencil that is not at all as described .
 Sorry folks , received pencils - tested them all - did n't like em - not soft , do n't go easily on , difficult to spread , hard to control - expected more . Ca n't be the only one - do n't see a lot sold . This is the difficulity of purchasing items on line ; did n't bother to return them , most people do n't .
 It had little bitty lumps in it like it had spoiled . Will never order discontuned products from clinque again . I had a brad new bottle that i brought from the store to use first so it was several months before I knew it was sour . I ordered two , Expensive .
 I purchased this item from Amazon when the department store was out of same . I had used this product for many years and loved same . However , this product is no longer being made by Clinique and was clumpy and lumpy and obviously old and stale , and out-of-date . It should no longer be available on Amazon . I should have returned same as it was not useable .
 This has been my makeup for 20 years and has been discontinued . The product received had small lumps throughout and an odd smell . I 'm unable to use this makeup .
 I suppose most &#34; natural &#34; mascaras wo n't work as well as the chemical laden stuff , but this is a real waste of $ 11 . It smears on your eyelid as you put it on , then looks like you 're wearing nothing at all .
 Too sticky and it clumpy on my lashes will not reorder , it also came off if my eyes teared and was expensive .
 Beware of &#34; cocoa &#34; ! It is really red - just what I need on my already reddish eyes . But it is well made , so I am saving it for lip liner or for Halloween.If you are looking for brown , the bronze is a light brown , and the seal is dark brown.I do think &#34; cocoa &#34; is a misleading name . Wish I had known , as it was the first I ordered .
 I 've been in the process of switching all skin care products to all-natural/chemical free , and wanted to try a `` eco '' mascara . It is OK - goes on easy , does n't clump ; but it does n't really look like you are wearing mascara and adds zero volume or length . It made my eyelashes separated and more defined , but that 's about it . I had to use four coats to make it even look like I was wearing mascara -LRB- I usually use one coat of a Stila mascara -RRB- . So in summary - its good if you just want definition and a natural product , as long as you do n't care about volume or length .
 I read all the reviews for this item before I bought it and saw only one person who said it was not as advertised -- that it was as hard as a colored pencil . I should have listened to that one review and ignored the others . It is not soft , by any definition , and is unusable as eyeliner . Waste of money .
 this pencil is hideous . all you reviewers must have been paid to give a good review - this is NOT a soft pencil - it is hard and the color does n't go on without a lot of pressure . i could have bought a similar item at the drugstore for about 3 bucks ! it 's like the colored pencils i used when i was a kid!since i tried to use it , i 'm stuck with an almost $ 15 pencil that is not at all as described .
 Sorry folks , received pencils - tested them all - did n't like em - not soft , do n't go easily on , difficult to spread , hard to control - expected more . Ca n't be the only one - do n't see a lot sold . This is the difficulity of purchasing items on line ; did n't bother to return them , most people do n't .
 The search for a good natural mascara continues . This does have few ingredients , but includes propylparaben , which received a high -LRB- bad -RRB- rating of 5 on the environmental working group
 This is one of the worst colors . It is supposed to be cocoa but it is very red . When you use it as eyeliner , as my husband put it , it looks like I have some kind of eye infection . It went right in the trash .
 I bought this item , which I thought was a little pricey for a pencil , because I was having allergy problems with my eye makeup . It wo n't go on my lids . It 's also very flaky . I 'm disappointed and would not recommend it to anyone . It was not worth $ 13 . Thanks , Carol M
 I feel bad giving a hippie mascara a bad review , but this mascara makes my eyes itch , and it 's runny , and smears a lot , and feels like it 's never completely dry .
 ... but this mascara is nowhere near as wonderful as the rest of the Ecco Bella line . Maybe it just is n't meant for use during summer temperatures , since it smudges so easily . After a few hours , it looked as though I 'd badly applied black eyeliner -- but it was just the mascara coming off . I now wear bareMinerals Big Tease mascara , which not only does * not * smudge , but is also free of the parabens found in this Ecco Bella formula .
 The problem with it is that any time I try to sharpen the pencil , the whole point breaks off . Get 's expensive when you lose an inch or more after trying over and over to get a point !
 I ordered the cocoa eyeliner and it is really a bright copper color , not the brown color it appears to be on the website . I will try to send it back.The pencil seemed a little hard , I 'm going to go back to my Honeybee 's eyeliner . They have a much better natural gluten free product .
 This product might be vegan-friendly but when they say it 's `` pure '' how to they explain the use of two parabens in the ingredients ? I was searching for a natural , non-toxic mascara and this came up somehow . Watch what companies say and what they put into their products , because this is still an unregulated industry . The word `` pure '' does n't mean anything , neither does `` natural . '' You really have to look closely .
 No where on the description does it explain that this is merely a pad that goes inside a compact ... which is not included.I feel ripped off . I am able to return the item but despite being a Prime item , I have to pay return shipping charges .
 I was hesitant to purchase lipstick without actually seeing it first but , went ahead anyway . I was happy when the package arrived however , when I opened the package I saw a small , dirty box . Inside was the lipstick , very true to color when I removed the top and looked but , at the same time it had a stale , rancid smell which immediately indicated to me that this product had probably been sitting on a shelf for some time.If I 'm going to pay over $ 10 for a lipstick , it better be new and smell fresh . BEWARE .
 I bought the Natural Blond L'Oreal Mega Blonde at Sally 's Beauty Supply and mixed it as directed with the 30 vol L'Oreal Mega Blonde developer . It burned my scalp within 5 minutes and left blisters that took a week to heal . I do n't know who could possibly leave this on their head for the directed 45 minutes . If I had done so , I 'm sure I would have had visible skull . The stuff smells TERRIBLE before you even add the developer.I am not a novice colorist . I was licensed for years , but changed careers to get off of my feet . I have colored my naturally brown hair every shade between platinum blond and jet black over the past 20 years using a myriad of brands and formulas , but I have NEVER smelled or felt anything like this horrible product . This was THE WORST hair coloring experience I have ever had .
 I know everyone is different , but I 've been bleaching/coloring my hair for years , usually at the salon . I wanted to save some money so bought the mega blondes in lightest ivory . My mom applied it for me , she 's a hairdresser . First of all , it smelled SO awful . It was runny runny runny , and burned my scalp like I 've never been burned before . I am usually pretty tough but was feeling a lot of pain but decided to just let it hurt and leave it on for 45 minutes . It did lighten my hair pretty well but just was not worth the smell and burns . My scalp had blisters all over it and took a week to heal . I started going back to my hairdresser and told her about it , she flipped out saying I 'm lucky I have hair after all that . So yeah , never again will I ever purchase this .
 I bought an expensive perfume worth -LRB- for me -RRB- ... and I got a cheap perfume ... I was talking to the seller , he just tells me excuses ... I submit that product to another country , I pay shipping -LRB- U.S. $ 3 -RRB- and taxes -LRB- 30 % -RRB- I thought it was a perfume and I received a cheap perfume ... I tested the perfume and after two hours the smell does not exist and my blouse stained with points Purchaser light brown -LRB- which were droplets of this Perfume -RRB- ... I feel cheated . . and I believed their products . . But stealing my money , This seller is a scammer ... Amazon I need your HelpSincerely , Wilfredo
 These are labeled as being from Champs , but it clearly states on the package : `` Made in USA , Sasoon & Amanda Dow Inc. '' . It 's false advertising on the part of the seller.Again , it 's not at all affiliated with the CUBA you 're probably looking for , which is made in France by Parfums des Champs.Cuba Variety By Cuba For Men . Set-4 Piece Variety With Cuba Gold , Blue , Red & Orange & All Are 1.17 OuncesCuba Gold By Cuba For Men . Eau De Toilette Spray 3.3 OuncesCUBA JUNGLE SNAKE Perfume for Women by Champs - 20 PACK EAU DE PARFUM SPRAY 1.15 oz .
 I could n't have it on time it took more than 8 days to arrive so I had to buy it on the store seller must improve the time of delivery !
 I bought because it was supposed to be soft and comfortable.It is made of carton , it is tough and REALLY uncomfortable . Even worse if you plan on using them with glasses , since they stick out and do n't let you put them on.But even if you do n't wear glasses , they are horribly hard and cheaply made . I would have gained the same quality from cutting a piece of cardboard box and uniting it with rubber bands.Botton line , do n't buy it .
 I did n't like this patch at all . It let a lot of light in and was not comfortable at all . If you want to use it to help correct a lazy eye then I would look elsewhere .
 Putting something with this much chemical outgassing next to your eye can be a major problem . The eyepatches I always picked up at the drugstore all looked like these but there was no chemical smell and nothing attacking my eye .
 Does not completely cover the eye , I get a gap around my nose that lets in a ton of light.When I have the patch on the only way I can get it to stay in place has the band crossing right on top of my eyebrow on the other side and then it falls down into my eye after a bit.It may be an eye patch but it 's not usable .
 Very bad quality , the band was a bit tight , and got broken on the second day . There is a seam on the eye patch -LRB- from center to the edge -RRB- , a line of light can be seen when wearing it and that 's disturbing .
 I had this product . It did nothing at all . Its serves no purpose . Waste of two bucks
 I purchased this and the yellow tint threw me off . It is low grade and since I purchased it for my hair ; I can not use it . I will be heading to the grocery store for food grade .
 This wasnt what I expected out the oil . When I recvd the package it was no in good shape and the oil was leaking out the package
 I gave this product 1 star because I do not believe this 100 percent coconut oil . I used it for about a couple days and noticed my arms start to itch . I have sensitive skin so this product is not good for people with sensitive skin . Also has a strange smell to it , doesnt have that coconut smell . This product is cheap for a reason . I recommend buying `` nature 's way '' organic coconut oil . works well and smells aot better and that expensive .
 Didnt smell like coconut . VERY VERY messy , it kept leaking over everything when it melted . It wasnt as mosturizing as i expected it to be either .
 Product is great . Unfortunately it is not the product ordered and paid for . I would n't recommend using Amazon in the future for similar online purchases .
 It 's very hard to squeeze this product until you 're done with a middle size tattoo . My right hand simply hurts .
 I was hoping I 'd get the smell of buttery lobster . Out of novety I decided to buy this fragrane but it smells like febreze -LRB- which isnt bad for febreze when you want that smell but not when you want lobster -RRB- .
 While the products are all as described , the service from Demeter Fragrance Library left much to be desired . I placed an order of 1 full sized cologne spray and two samples . My order came with a free sample which was delightful , except that one sample arrived completely shattered and the sample spray pump did not work . I contacted Demeter Fragrance Library immediately to report the issue and was advised that if I were to return the defective products they would be more than happy to exchange or replace them . I was told I would be refunded for the shipping cost for having to mail my damaged products back to them . This was not the case . While they sent me new products and refunded me for the one item I returned , I was not reimbursed shipping and it took me a week to get a hold of someone at the company who told me that they never reimburse shipping back unless you return the whole order . However , this was not what I was told the first time I called or I would have never sent it back . Now I 'm out more for the shipping than I would have been just for the broken perfume sample . The woman I spoke to basically told me that no one could have possibly told me that I would be refunded unless I shipped the whole order back to them because `` It 's never been that way so I do n't know how that could be possible . '' Way to make your customer feel great . I 'll never place an order with them again . Order from an external website if you must .
 I finally find a beauty advantage and you expect me to tell the world?Dream on .
 I love the product and use it instead of makeup but this shade is way too dark for anyone to wear comfortably . If worn by itself it would look like a brown mask . I do blend just a very small amount with the lightest shade and it works .
 This product RUINED my skin and my life ! Neutrogena does n't tell you that the copper peptide activates enzymes called MMPs that break down collagen and elastin - but that is what it does ! -LRB- These are the same enzymes that are activated by being out in the sun - they are what cause photoaging and elastosis ! -RRB- I used this stuff for 3 weeks and my skin atrophied terribly , became very dry and wrinkled , with larger pores and loss of firmness . Additionally , I have numerous spider veins caused by this stuff - and an all-over red and yellow / brown discoloration . My skin was so fragile in places that it literally ripped apart - causing stretch mark like areas ... It has been months since I stopped using it and there has been little improvement . I look like I have aged at least 10 years ! I ca n't believe Neutrogena would sell such a dangerous product ! Look up the information on the internet - copper peptides and mmp-2 / mmp-9 - they break down collagen and elastin , and cause angiogenesis !!!
 Not worth the money ! I have used it every night for several weeks and can not see any visible difference in skin firmness . I would not buy this again .
 I love most Neutrogena products -LRB- adore the tinted ones -RRB- but did not like the feel of this one initially -LRB- did not seem silky -RRB- so I pitched it into the trash . Retrieved it later and used it a couple more days and noticed that my face does look plumper and moist . It 's a thick cream that forms a nice barrier on the skin . Skin does look better and fuller and I 'm using it daytime and nightime now , but I can not undo the two-star rating or I would now give it a five .
 I Found this product heavy on the skin.Have used it for a month now , and there is not the least changes of my skin .
 I do not think it worked . There was no difference after using it for about a month .
 I bought eau de toilette first , the same smell but different concentration . That one smelled wonderful-fresh , fruity , floral , but because it was only 1oz and it is not very long lasting , I decided to get a bigger bottle and higher concentration . The shipment was amazing I got it in like a day and a half . But I almost cried when I opened it and made a spritz . It smelled exactly like Chanel # 5 , so overpowering , so old-lady-ish and it gave me a migraine at once . It was my worst experience buying perfume ever . But I read enough reviews on this perfume and specifically on eau de parfum concentration to know that it should smell ok , fruity and flowery but a little longer lasting . Not like this . I wish there was a way for me to do something about it , because now that I opened it I am stuck with a big bottle of bad perfume and do n't know what to do : -LRB-
 The smell of this product is not very nice at all - smells like a mixture of orange juice , milk and plastic . I have n't been able to use it much because it makes me nauseous . Consistency wise - it 's fairly thick & I did n't find that it lathered very easily as a body wash . This product has been relegated to the ` use as a foot wash so we can get rid of it quickly ' basket .
 I was very disappointed in the Philosophy Shampoo/Bubble Bath/BodyWash that was expensive !! It did n't lather in my hair at all , not matter how much water I added to it and it 's way too thick and does n't dissolve in the water.I was very disappointed in it and ca n't imagine spending $ 20 for this `` premium '' item . I 'm glad I had a gift certificate and did n't spend my own money . My daughter now uses it to play with her dolls in the bathtub.Don ' t waste your money .
 I like the philosophy line , but the Vanilla Birthday Cake body wash does n't smell so much like birthday cake as it does bananas.The product is great though .
 I was extremely disappointed with this product it smells like dawn dish soap it dries the skin out something terrible
 I ordered this expecting a luxurious , fragrant product and ended up with a soap smelling product that I could have picked up at a discount store . It looks pretty , but has NO fragrance of raspberry and lathers poorly . I will probably never purchase another philosophy shampoo because this was such a disappointment !
 I was not impressed . While not as bad as say the Mint Chocolate Chip Ice Cream , it is not great . I did not feel it was worth the price tag . I am glad that I got to smell this line before buying it.I wanted to love this line so badly . Nice price point with wonderful foody scents . The quality of the scent is just not there . If you are used to other smaller companies you may not be happy with this product . If you are used to other mass market companies you will be ok . I buy more often from small etailers who hand make their soap . A much pricier product over all.I do think this would make a fun gift for your teen or pre-teen who just loves smelling like cake . It is a nice upgraded product for someone used to the mall bath stores or lesser products . It is just not for the scenty soap addicted person thinks this soap is a cheap price point perhaps .
 Let me start by saying that the product works as well as Philosophy 's other products . However , I have nearly all of the Philosophy 3-in-1 's and I keep hoping that they will get a `` vanilla '' one right . This `` flavor '' is even worse than their `` Vanilla Ice Cream '' in the sense that it barely has a fragrance at all . Whereas `` Vanilla Ice Cream '' smells -LRB- strongly -RRB- like the plastic used in shower curtains , this one smells pretty much like the base used in all of Philosophy 's 3-in-1 's . I certainly do not detect a bit of the `` Vanilla Cupcake '' fragrance they claim the product should have . What I do detect as a slight fragrance vanishes immediately after the product leaves the bottle . I must say that I am not impressed with Philosophy 's new 3-in-1 's at this point . The `` Vanilla Cupcake '' stinks and the `` Mimosa '' smells like Pina Colada to me . If you want a good Philosophy 3-in-1 , get the `` Cinnamon Buns '' , `` Pumpkin Pie '' , `` Eggnog '' , `` Spiced Apple Cider '' , or `` Double Rich Hot Cocoa '' variations . And always remember that if you use these products as a shampoo , you will need to use a good conditioner afterwards .
 I was so intrigued by being able to shower and come out smelling like a cupcake , but was disappointed . Do n't get me wrong , this does smell good and feels soft going on your skin . However , the scent is nothing like a cupcake , more like a cheap vanilla.I 'd recommend trying another scent or buy a cheaper vanilla if that 's what you 're going for.Sephora is great as always with prompt shipping and nice packaging .
 I love these products ... for what it is , I use it as a shower gel and the lather is great , does n't dry me out . But I was excited for a Vanilla Cupcake sented experience ... I was dissapointed . I would recommend the other products , the fruity ones , ice cream ones , Key Lime pie for sure . . I would not buy this again for the smell .
 If you 're disappointed because this product does n't smell like a vanilla cupcake , try Perlier Vanilla Cream Bath . It 's made with REAL vanilla beans and smells EXACTLY like vanilla cake mix .
 I do n't understand why , but Philosophy 's scents seem to either stink horribly or smell AMAZING . Unfortunately , THIS STUFF SMELLS ATROCIOUS . I ca n't imagine how more than one person thought to give it a good review . It smells like orange windex , but with an undernote of the base that they use in those car air fresheners that come in the can and cost less than $ 1 . This is by far the worst of philosophy 's scents.Also
 I would strongly recommend no one buy this product ... as many other reviewers said it smells nothing , absolutely nothing like a vanilla birthday cake , or any cake for that matter . I am very likely not to try any more of their products . There is only 1 3-1 that I would recommend , the Double Dutch Chocolate -LRB- I think that 's the name , it is sold here at the Amazon site . I even wrote to complain and was told that they only return `` gently used '' products , what a rip-off -LRB- I want to use a more eloquent term , but rip-off is what it is -RRB- . If I could rate this at less than one star I would .
 This fragrance was based on a drink , and not the tree . I will not buy it again . But Philosphy has always been my only product i have been able to use on with my skin
 I 'm glad I did n't purchase this bottle - I just received the free small bottle from Sephora . I just wanted to warn people that this does not smell like vanilla or birthday cake to me at all . It almost smells like cigarette smoke or plastic .
 I put up a review of the stuff several weeks ago and its mysteriously disappeared , so I 'm going to re-review it.Soo , this stuff ? Does not smell good . Sort of like Tang with an undertone of vomit . The Gracefall and chocolate-scented wash is the way to go . Not the orange Gatorade body wash , which is what this smells like .
 I use the Philosophy 3-in-1 WITH CONDITIONER . It works great and keeps my hair luscious . The one time I accidentally bought a 3-in-1 that did n't have conditioner in it , my hair dried out after two washes and got horrible split ends . After only three applications I had to throw the bottle out . I lost more than an inch off the bottom of my hair . I do n't understand how their products can vary so widely in quality , but they do .
 I was so excited when the package came i opened the bottle and took off the seal as soon as i closed my front door . i took a whiff of the stuff and was very disapointed . it smelled more like a vanilla soapy product than birthday cake . Actually it smelled just like my vanilla , milk and honey shower gel i once owned by suave . except that only cost me 2-3 dollars and was only a shower gell and not a 3 in 1 . I have to admit the smell does linger on your skin for some while but it deffinately does n't smell like cake . It reminds me of one will & grace episode where will 's boss said that grace smelled like doll head . If you ever smelled your barbie dolls hair when you were a kid you 'd know that smell . This is exactly what philosophy 's b-day cake 3 in 1 will make your hair smell like . I know that sounds weird but it 's true.If you want to try these 3in1 products go for cinnimon buns or the fruity stuff like their apple one . Those got great reviews on here.I 'm still debating if i should return this product ... ?
 I was hesitant to purchase lipstick without actually seeing it first but , went ahead anyway . I was happy when the package arrived however , when I opened the package I saw a small , dirty box . Inside was the lipstick , very true to color when I removed the top and looked but , at the same time it had a stale , rancid smell which immediately indicated to me that this product had probably been sitting on a shelf for some time.If I 'm going to pay over $ 10 for a lipstick , it better be new and smell fresh . BEWARE .
 I was hoping I 'd get the smell of buttery lobster . Out of novety I decided to buy this fragrane but it smells like febreze -LRB- which isnt bad for febreze when you want that smell but not when you want lobster -RRB- .
 While the products are all as described , the service from Demeter Fragrance Library left much to be desired . I placed an order of 1 full sized cologne spray and two samples . My order came with a free sample which was delightful , except that one sample arrived completely shattered and the sample spray pump did not work . I contacted Demeter Fragrance Library immediately to report the issue and was advised that if I were to return the defective products they would be more than happy to exchange or replace them . I was told I would be refunded for the shipping cost for having to mail my damaged products back to them . This was not the case . While they sent me new products and refunded me for the one item I returned , I was not reimbursed shipping and it took me a week to get a hold of someone at the company who told me that they never reimburse shipping back unless you return the whole order . However , this was not what I was told the first time I called or I would have never sent it back . Now I 'm out more for the shipping than I would have been just for the broken perfume sample . The woman I spoke to basically told me that no one could have possibly told me that I would be refunded unless I shipped the whole order back to them because `` It 's never been that way so I do n't know how that could be possible . '' Way to make your customer feel great . I 'll never place an order with them again . Order from an external website if you must .
 The product came great ! Perfect delivery and everything . The odor with it was well . . whatever I got over it lol . Sadly the product did not work for me . . Like no hair came off .
 do not buy anything from DealsBuzz Health!my container arrived EMPTY and they do not refund , plus very rude customer service . i do n't recommend this product for hair removal
 This is my favorite perfume but the quality of the one I bought was awful . I think it was very , very old and was not worth buying .
 Company sent me Dior Addict , not Dior Addict II . No return instructions or prepaid info . Kept item as it was acceptable . But Addict wears off quickly whereas Addict II lasts longer and is a much nicer scent . Unhappy with company ,
 The perfume has a nice floral scent . I had received it in a large sampler selection and I was pretty excited about this one . The smell , however , wears off almost completely in an hour or so . It was something of a disappointment . The rating of the perfume is n't for its smell , but because it ca n't stay on long enough !
 As I am not the only one that recieved Addict when I ordered Addict 2 for my wife . You would think that Sephora would look into the problem to see where the disconnect is ! They never responded to either of my attempts to rectify the issue.Thankfully Amazon takes care of their customers via A-Z guarantee.Thanks Amazon !
 When I first applied it was fresh and summery ... shortly after the smell reminded me of the peeling an onion . My eyes sorta stung and I justed wanted to be anywhere but in my skin . Very harsh after the summery scent wears away . Something in the same vein that I did like was Pleasures by Estee Lauder .
 My toenail bent the metal on the cutting edge so it was unusable . You would think they would use hardened steel . They did give me a full refund .
 Very disappointed with this product . Not worth the price . After using the bottle a couple times the bottle collapses .
 For starters I am die hard `` Aveeno '' advocate . I still use there products i.e. , Positively Radiant Shaving gel & the Positively Radiant Body Lotion . However , I have used the Positively Radiant Moisturizer since July 06 to Sept 06 . I have what most people call `` nice skin . '' I have always took good care of my skin & can be very anal about the products I use . I gave this product a try being that it was Aveeno and let me tell you it broke me out SO bad ! Specifically around my jaw line and cheeks . I Have NEVER in my life broke out like I have AFTER using this moisturizer ! It started a week or 2 after I began using it faithfully everyday & night & during my trip to Miami back in July . I thought maybe it was something in the water or food down there that made me break out so bad . I immediately tried every & anything you can name . I never called mydermatologist because I just figured I can handle it . And it 'll go away . Boy was I wrong her it is Oct 3rd , 2006 and I am still battling this prob . To wrap this up while I was trying every `` excellent '' product I still kept Aveeno as my staple moisturizer as it never dawned on me that this can be the cause . Then I began using Alpha Hydrox `` Foaming Cleanser '' followed by their `` Souffle '' I used these products by itself for about 10 days straight and my face was clearing up so nice . Then I realized on the back of the Soffle jar it says that you can apply a moisturizer/suncreeen on top of that . So I began using the Aveen again and within in 2 days slowly but surely my darn skin broke out again ! I do n't know if its the soy or brightener , all I know is this product will break you out really bad if you have acne prone skin . And had I not read the reviews on drugstore.com I would of thought I was going crazy but apparently there are several people that has had this problem . Stay AWAY from Aveeno Moisturizer !
 I ordered this item on June 14 2006 . Amazon has not even shipped it . Good Work Amazon . Keep It Up .
 I have had many issues with dry skin and decided to give this product a try . I would go to bed with a heavy gritty , greasy feeling while I used this product . I have to question how much rubbed off on my pillow ? When I woke up the feeling had diminished , but only to a level that I would have been more comfortable going to bed with . The product comes in a small cute jar , but is hard pressed like wax in it and you do n't get very much considering how you have to dig the product out of the jar . I am a over 40 woman , who is going through the changes of losing skin elasticity and hydration to the layers of my skin . I have read that evening primrose can be beneficial for the overall improvement of this condition . I do not recommend this product BUT , Boots No 7 does make a night and a day moisturizer that carry these ingredients . No 7 Moisture Quench Hydration . I recommend to any one else looking for this benefit also , to try them . They are very gentle and replentishing !!
 After reading all the rave reviews , how great the color is etc. . I went out to but it and to be honest i hate the color . While the peachy-ish color is nice but nothing special what I hate is the color of the shimmer . It 's like a weird goldish color . I regret buying this
 This company was HORRIBLE to deal with . I emailed them no less than 4 times and NEVER to this day got a response . I called them twice and was frustrated to no end both times . Both times they assured me my package was on its way . Neither time did it show up . When it finally arrived 6 weeks later , I actually tried this makeup and it 's horrible . It 's a really cheap imitation of Sephora . If you 're going to spend the money , go buy Sephora . That make up is amazing . L'oreal and store brands are better than this . Even my teen daughter did n't like it . It 's a really bad product .
 This product has no smell what ever . No soothing effect that I could feel . It is a total waste ! I love Drakkar Noir , but this is a waste of money . Get the regular after shave , it smells like Drakkar , but it is hard to find . I will never buy the balm again !!!
 If you are looking for the balm in a bottle this is not for you ! Even though thats what the pic shows , when I received it it was a small tube of balm . I have always gotten the balm for my husband & it 's always come in the bottle . Not sure if it 's been repackaged but the picture is VERY deceiving ! Kept it only because my husband said it would be OK and he really needed it .
 i purchased this mascara awhile back hoping it was finally going to be the one mascara that actually did what it claims ... to be smudgeproof ! it was the worst mascara i have ever used ! it was smudging all over the place just after 2-3 hrs of wear ! i spent all day wiping it from underneath my eyes!do these companies actually test these products ???? needless to say i should of sent it back for a refund ... but i was so frustrated i just threw it in the trash!it only got one star because there wasnt any other option to go lower !
 Where is my order ? this is the second time it took so long to get it ? and your account doesnt have any contacting number/seller ? So , when i am gon na receive it ?
 Apparently Revlon changed the formula for Jean Nate After Bath Splash , and it is very different from the `` original . '' I phoned Revlon and this was confirmed . I do n't like the new scent , and I will not buy it again . I do n't want to give it even 1 star , but it seems I have to enter something !
 I have used Jean Nate after bath splash for over 40 years . This is the first time I have ordered it on line . Both bottles have a scent so bad that I had to wash it off my body . I have no idea what the problem is . Possibly a very old product . Possibly it was `` cut '' with something to increase the profit . Again , I have no idea . I will never buy this particular product on line again . I understand that it is available at Walgreen stores and I will drive to those stores in the future .
 If this is the original formula for the After Bath Splash , it is watered down with something . It almost smells right - but not really . I have left the top off in hopes that evaporation will condense it down to the right fragrance . I used this product from 1960 to 2008-ish -LRB- when I could no longer find it -RRB- , so I certainly know what I 'm talking about . I would rather pay more for it and get the real thing .
 I had been wearing Jean Nate since I was a little girl , and I am 48 . The changed the original formula and put in a moldy , woodsy , disgusting scent . I put it on , and thought I had a bad bottle . I bought another one , and it was the same . I called the company , and they confirmed that they changed the original scent . This was a big mistake on their part . The old scent was light and citrusy . This is really horrible !
 I wanted a light citrus scent -- this was n't it . It went from one drop on my wrist to the trash can just that quick .
 The picture is very misleading . I expected to receive 2 containers of cream . I only received 1 . Why not have 1 displayed in the picture and not 2 ? The price seemed appropriate for 2 as well , considering they are sold for 4.49 in stores like Sally and with other sellers on Amazon . Additionally , the box has ample room for 2 . I 'm disappointed .
 Be careful because there is a picture of 3 bars of soap , but I only got one ! 3 bars is a great deal , but one is not so good .
 I give this lotion NO STARS !! It 's smells awful ! To review this , I was prompted to give it a star .
 I 've tried the body wash and the body spray . Since I could rave endlessly about how wonderful they smell , I naturally assumed the lotion would smell just as good . I could n't have been more wrong . It smells like ... a generic drugstore lotion with a very faint hint of cotton candy . I can not stress how faint that undertone is . Inhaling as deeply as you can , you almost ca n't catch it because that ` lotion ' smell almost completely masks it . Aside from the scent , the consistency is very unappealing . It 's very runny and feels similar to mucous or something of the like .0 / 5 stars , if it were possible .
 This is my first review after using Amazon for many years . I have been using the Cotton Candy spray since 2007 . When I saw the moisturizer , I was so excited . It smells awful ! I slathered it all up and down my arms and could n't stand myself and ended up in the shower . I do n't understand , since I also ordered the spray and it is wonderful . I do n't know if it has been sitting on a shelf too long or what , but it is going back .
 Just received this & although it does have a slight cotton candy scent there is also an off scent that I ca n't recognize . It definitely does not smell as good as the body spray . I 'm a little disappointed .
 Too much Lavender for my liking ! I like the fact that Jao is heading in the right direction from Purell but still find it drying -LRB- and not completely natural ingredients PPG , Petrochemical Glycols -RRB- .
 I bought this with high hopes but it did n't lighten my hair at all . My natural color is dark blonde so it should n't have been an issue .
 It took me 2 years to decide to write my first bad review.This perfume is really bad and discontinued by Kenzo.I ordered it because I had read some fake reviews and the truth is , it is so bad , I had to just throw it away .
 Because my hair is so dry , I used this as a daily conditioner for 3 weeks . Unfortunately it did n't improve much.Luckily I found NICE 'N EASY ColorSeal Gloss by accident which works better for me .
 I bought this product because I generally like Neutrogena products and I was fed up with getting the same bad results from using other conditioners . This one was not different . I did n't notice any improvement at all .
 For some reason this product did not work well on my colored hair . After reading all the reviews , i was quite excited hoping this product would fix my dry n brittle hair . it did seem to work little but not as expected .
 I was very excited to try this product after reading all the great reviews it had . Unfortunately , it did not do anything for me that a normal conditioner would n't do . I was expecting my hair to be smoother , shinier , and healthier ... But nop , I got pretty poor results instead !
 I have thick hair that is slightly wavy and I used to damage it so much ! After coloring my hair numerous times and straightening it everyday , I chopped off all of my processed hair and regrew it from scratch . I let my hair grow out naturally without disturbing it -LRB- no heat styling tools and hair dyes for a year -RRB- . My ends were still a bit dry , so I opted for this hair mask in hopes of replenishing my hair 's natural moisture . I used it the first time and was disappointed . I followed the directions and allowed it to soak for five minutes , but my hair felt pretty much the same . I know miracles are n't supposed to happen overnight , so I continued to use the product once every week . Even after a month , still nothing .
 I used this product for months and it helped improve the shine and manageability of my hair . Then , I looked up the unpronounceable ingredients online to check for adverse health effects . There were many . The main ingredient has caused cancer in lab studies as well as endocrine disruption . Some of the others are even worse -LRB- BHT , for example -RRB- . Fortunately there are products on the market with no nasty chemicals in them that I can use instead -LRB- I like the JASON line of hair care stuff , but there are many other good brands -RRB- . I 'm going by the rule of thumb that if I ca n't pronounce the ingredients they are probably not good for me .
 I got this for my mom to color her hair . Her head and arms swelled up massively after using just a little of it . I thought this would be gentle natural alternative to ammonia/peroxide based hair color products . Beware taking this !!!
 This is a very dangerous product in which all women should stay away from ! My 16 year old sister had a severe allergic reaction to it . It left her with HUGE red sores all over her head in addition to badly swollen lymph nodes throughout her head and neck ! The sores were incredibly itchy and irritating ... not to mention the stiffness and pain in her neck was unbearable ! My family was so afraid ! If you go to folica.com - you will see endless reviews from women describing their horrific nightmare experiences with this dye ! The 1st ingredient is SODIUM PERBORATE - which is a highly oxidative chemical typically used in laundry detergent and bleaching products ! I ca n't say for sure what specifically caused the reaction but after reading folica 's reviews - its clear it had something to do with one if not all the ingredients ! Can I also mention -LRB- which should serve as a red flag -RRB- that the actual company HOYU International that makes/manufactures this dye does n't even sell or profile it on their website !! This product does not deserve any star - by any measure ... and if I could give it NO STARS - I WOULD ! Fortunately -LRB- by the grace of God -RRB- ... my sister did not have to go to the emergency room and was able to treat the reaction with natural remedies ! Take massive amounts of vitamin C people ... this will help speed your recovery & healing in the event you are affected -LRB- my sister is taking up to 10 grams/day ... trust me your body can handle it ... use a powder instead of capsules ... u can get it from any vitaminshoppe ! -RRB- When my sis realized what was going on - I washed out her hair immediately !! I used black soap -LRB- because it strips residue from hair very well -RRB- and then covered her whole head in a natural volcanic clay called Zeolite . The zeolite helped to neutralize the chemicals from the dye . Thank God she is feeling better !! Her lymph nodes are going down!So again ... if you do n't want to look like you were attacked by a gang of killer bees ... STAY AWAY FROM THIS DAMN PRODUCT ! This was my sister 's 1st time using Bigen , as well as a powdered dye . She has used many regular dyes and/or rinses before ... so we all know the culprit here ! ** I 'M GOING TO REPORT THIS COMPANY FOR THEIR POOR PRACTICES AND FOR PUSHING A LOW-QUALITY PRODUCT LIKE THIS ON THE MARKET ! ** BEWARE LADIES ... DO N'T RISK YOUR HEALTH !
 I remember Bigen from what my parents used in the 80 's . My mom found that she was hyperallergic to the substance used in Bigen & switched to other hair dyes - made her break out into rashes & had massive hair fall . Use at your own risk !
 BEAWARE ! I have been dying my hair for decades and never had a problem . I decided to switch to bigen because the thought of `` chemical free '' appealed to me . I had relied on amazon reviews so I decided to go with it . -LRB- PLEASE google '' Bigen reviews '' the very first one have pages of allergic reactions . -RRB- 1 day after - my face and neck started hiving , then I lost my peripheral vision , my eye started to swollen and my eye was starting to shut tight as my scalp burned and itch . For the first time , I went to ER . Im now on Prednisone , pepcid and benadryl with an eye patch .
 I bought a pack of 3 as it was much cheaper than buying individually . There were sites which called it one of the best leave in cream , but unfortunately it did no good for me . I have used livon and loreal serum before and they were so much better than this product . I 'd not waste money on this again
 I expected so much more from this because of its reviews . However im not impressed . My hair feels the same after using this .
 After hearing so many good things about Neutrogena Triple Moisture cream , I finally decided to try it . Well , suffice it to say I threw it out after a week.This moisturiser did nothing but fragrance my hair -LRB- it has a strong fragrance -RRB- . I tried it as a leave-in , as well as a daily moisturiser . It probably worked better as a daily moisturiser , but it still did n't do much.After using this moisturiser , my hair felt coated and felt dry after a couple of hours . Not surprising , since two of the first few ingredients are silicones.I have used better moisturisers and leave-ins e.g. It 's a 10 , Skala.I will not be purchasing this ever again .
 I heard so much about this product that i would give it a try and after usein git for a month it doesnt do anything better for my hair at all . all it does is sit on top of my hair and it doesnt even moistureize it good either . this was a waste of money for me
 I 'm on my hair journey and trying to find a leave in which keeps my hair moist when blow dried with very low heat . This -LRB- in small quantities -RRB- has done nothing for me . I do n't find it good .
 The make up sponge was falling apart and sticky like it was very old . I 'm afraid to use the make up wondering how old it is ! I was very disappointed !!!!
 i was looking for a shimmering gold color and got this instead . It 's a really bright orange/salmon color and its really unattractive . I only used a tiny bit and it made me look like i had pink eye . My advice , go into sephora and try these on before buying on line . I went in and exchanged this for a metallic shadow that was far better .
 I have been a user of this product since the 1980s . I first purchased a bottle of the cologne inBuffalo Newyork from a mens clothing store . I loved the scent and received many compliments from the ladies . At that time , the product was manufactured in Denmark . The last orders that I received were not marked `` Denmark '' , so I assumed they were manufactured in the USA.Unfortunately , the product has changed radically in that it lacks that special scent it had previously . Also , the scent is not long lasting . Apparently , when it was manufactured in Denmark , something special was added.Sorry I could not be more favorable.Carl
 Somebody did n't make sure the top was screwed on securely , so when the package arrived , the bottle was half empty . The musk had spilled out in the package en route . It was a last minute Christmas present for my uncle so I had to give him a half empty bottle . Needless to say , I did n't win the present of the year award .
 My wife ordered this for me , wrapped them for a gift and put it under the tree , when I opened them they were half full very dissapointing
 This was a knock-off . I have used the `` real '' musk from Denmark for over 30 years , but this product was colored water .
 Hello all , I just arrived on post in Germany . I 'm an attractive guy , or so I 'm told , and have a moderate personality . Since being new , I 've been traveling around a lot , especially to the bars in Cologne , Trier , and Frankfurt . I bought this stuff out of curiousity to see if it had any added effect to my own natural charm . It does n't . There were no approaches from women , increased reactions , squirming , or increased sexual arrousel as a result of wearing this stuff . It 's a gimmic , in my opinion . Also , I 've been checking out some of the other pheremone products offered on this site , and there seems to be 5 start reviews from the same folks . This is highly suspicious to me . Do yourself a favor and save your money . I find being yourself , relaxed , and go out to have fun , and not with the intent to try to find anything is the greatest way to meet women . It 's always worked for me in the past . Hope this helps . Cheers
 I 've used the `` old '' style non-contoured silk eye masks for years now but they are quite irritating to my eyes to have something pressing against them , and for years that I 've been using them , I constantly fight with them to adjust them to try to make them comfortable and allow me to go to sleep , so I saw this one and bought it thinking this is the be all , end all last mask I 'll have to buy . Unfortunately that is not so , for me there is still pressure in the wrong places around my eyes and I 've had to go back to the old flat non-contoured eye masks until I can find another contoured mask that works for me . I attribute this masks failure to work for me due to my size . I am a large person and have a large head -LRB- John Wayne has nothing on my stetson hat size -RRB- , and this might not be a good solution for others that are not `` average '' size beings .
 i was looking for a shimmering gold color and got this instead . It 's a really bright orange/salmon color and its really unattractive . I only used a tiny bit and it made me look like i had pink eye . My advice , go into sephora and try these on before buying on line . I went in and exchanged this for a metallic shadow that was far better .
 This product smells awful and it is so potent that it burned my skin the minute I put a drop of it on my neck . -LRB- I 'm not an allergic type of person . -RRB- So I suggest , you mix this with some sort of jojoba or other oil at first to ensure that it does n't do the same to you . Though I 'm not sure if this would be bad for the product ... You can always put it on mixed with some oil and wait a few minutes and then apply your perfume of choice.As for its effects on the opposite gender ? I 'm not sure . I 've been wearing it for a about a week and so far it has made no difference . Virtually none at all . Though I 'm not saying it 's ineffective . If I notice any change at all , I 'll re-edit my comments here.Good luck !
 This product is a total scam and a waste of money . It contains a bunch of simple acids including vinegar -LRB- acetic acid -RRB- , and butryic acid which is what gives vomit it 's terrible smell . Even worse , it contains benzenethiol which is a known toxic chemical and should not be put on the skin !
 Ok this smells so horrible , lIt smells like feet , so awefull that my husband asked me to go take a shower . Nothing more to say about that , it was a waste of money , it burns n it stinks .
 Smelled like baby vomit and wasnt at all what was promised , it was just useless chemicals dumped in a bottle to trick people . DISGUSTING . Wish i could rate a zero . Waste of money
 The perfume I purchased on Amazon does not smell like the original one I have had in the past -LRB- that I bought in a department store . The bottle and color are the same , but the scent is not . I will not purchase this perfume again , unless I can smell it first .
 I just bought Creed Royal from Inline Beauty . I dont recommend buying from them ifyour purchase is intended to be a gift.Creed Royal Delight by Creed for Women - 2.5 oz Millesime Spray
 Kenzo happens to be one of my favorite perfumers so when I saw the bottle and read the fragrance notes , I had to have it ! It was a big mistake for me to order it without smelling it first ! From the reviews I 've read almost everyone says the floral notes are very pronounced , even one of the few bad reviews said it smells so much of flowers it gave her a headache . No one but me seems to think it smells very aldehydic , antiseptic , and powdery , rounded out with a vague hint of floral hair spray . Well , one of my girlfriends hated it too but the only description she gave was `` it stinks '' . I 'll just stick with Ca Cent Beau , Jungle , and Le Monde Est Beau . Ca Cent and Le Monde , now THOSE are floral and I always get compliments when I wear them . The only problem is it is very difficult to find them in eau de parfum strength anymore .
 The bottle of Kenzo Summer I got from Amazon is a fake bottle . It looks and smell qutie the same , but when I compared it with the real one , it really shows . I doubt that I will buy form Amazon again .
 The Passion Copulin Concentrate was a major disappointment . The product claims to have a fruity smell , but when you actually use it , the smell of alcohol is overpowering . Alcohol is listed as one of the ingredients , but the bottle does not give you percentages . There are no instructions on how to use the product , although I do not think they would have made a difference . I saw no change in my reaction from men with or without the product . I am an attractive person , so I do not think it had anything to do with my looks specifically . Overall , it did not work for me at all and was certainly not worth the price .
 I bought this product based on another review . Do n't waste your money ! Did NOT work as another had claimed .
 The product ad stated and showed a picture of the cream Tommy girl and I received TGirl which is completely different itemAnd my wife was not so pleased due to it was one of her christmas presents
 Another majorly overhyped La Mer product . I bought this and used the entire bottle up , and never noticed any results whatsoever . It is just an ok moisturizer , but certainly not remotely worth the price .
 My husband use to wear this cologne and it was wonderful but we could n't find it anymore in local stores . I saw it on amazon and gladly ordered it . It is not the same . It seems watered down or something . Maybe they do n't use oils to make it anymore ??? Do n't know . All I know is what use to last all day does n't even last a few hours now . Very disappointed .
 So before I begin my review , let me first start by saying this review is for the seller and their knock off china wash cloth . THIS REVIEW IS NOT FOR THE ORIGINAL SALUX WASH CLOTH FROM JAPAN!Received my package today but to my surprise I received a `` knock off '' wash cloth that IS NOT Salux and IS NOT from Japan but is indeed from China . I was extremely disappointed ! Had the actual wash cloth that I received been the same thick material that the Salux one is then I definitely would n't have had a problem sticking with it . This one is made of a cheap material that feels very thin . Contacted Amazon immediately and am shipping it back for full refund . I should have read the other reviews before ordering so that is my bad . Soooo disappointed !! -RRB- : BUYERS BEWARE - DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THESE CHINA KNOCK OFFS !!!
 I have been using the Salux cloth for almost 20 years now . I ordered these and am sad to say that they are not at all what they used to be . They even have a new name now that I did n't realize until after I ordered them . The old ones were strong and thick . These new ones are light and thin . So disappointing . Also , I ordered aqua and received green . I will look elsewhere for the real thing .
 The product I got was Leyjie brand ! I 've never tried the Salux brand but this one is a little rough for my preference .
 Salux Japanese towels stay away from this company !! They broke up my orderinto several pieces and charged me more for the shipping than the product cost ! I was not in a hurry and it took over 3 weeks for all to arrive and they charged me more than $ 30.00 in fees and they came crammed in boxes that were in ill repair ! This company practices bad business , DO NOT ORDER FROM THIS COMPANY !!!!!!!!
 I also got the China knock off product , picture of the girl even looks similar . This is not a Salux ! Shame on them for false advertising : -LRB-
 I ordered a `` Salux '' washcloth which is a Japanese product and did not receive that . Instead , received a Chinese made `` Leyijie . '' I have not used this Chinese product yet and will not return it -LRB- as we opened the package when it arrived to compare the quality to a real Salux washcloth . -RRB- Granted , these washcloths soften with repeated use , but this Leyijie feels very scratchy and the weave does not seem as consistent as the Salux . We will try it but will not order this product again as it is not the brand that was advertised . Salux is the gold standard and visibly , this Leyijie product is not up to par . I am disappointed that we did not receive what was advertised and ordered .
 Ordered a Salux Nylon Japanese Beauty Skin Bath Wash Cloth/Towel - Aquamarine Green -LRB- Sold by
 This Leyjie brand Chinese washcloth is green , just like the description says . It probably exfoliates just like the description says , too , but I 'm not going to try it because I value my epidermis too much . It is shiny and thin and very , very rough . It does appear to be the same dimensions as claimed in the description .
 Just the slightest pressure will cause the thing to turn off - which is a safety feature . It is ok for filing nails , but not for buffing the feet . It does not apply enough pressure to make it worthwhile . It is a great idea , but it fails to be affective . Wait for the improved version of this item !
 it not good , but you can try the one that Dr. Leonard 's has for 7.99 it is very good . It is item # 72199 .
 Use it after a shower as recommended and it stops dead no matter how lightly you apply it . Use it on dry skin and it skims over the surface without leaving a trace . Pointless , useless , worthless .
 This Pedicure Foot Care Kit is ideal for people who have slightly calloused soles and heels.The battery-powered exfoliator has three interchangeable discs with different textures . The discs rotate , much like an electric sander . However , because it is powered by only two AA batteries -LRB- not included in the kit -RRB- , too much pressure causes the disc to stop spinning . This may not be a flaw in its design , but actually a safety feature . The unit is very light and fits comfortably in your hand . It is also covered by a one-year warranty .
 I just bought this product today for more than it 's being sold for here , and tried it out . do n't buy it ! I tried each of the attachments and none work at all . just touching my foot -LRB- heel -RRB- very lightly made the motor stop . No power and totally a lost cause .
 I used to blow dry my metal eyelash curler and bought this one to save me some time . It did n't turn out that way . The heating mechanism takes FOREVER to heat up . You 're better off using a non-heated one.After about 3 weeks of daily use , the heating mechanism stopped working but I continued to use it anyway -LRB- as a manual no-heat curler -RRB- and after a week , the plastic on the top of the curler split in two .
 The mascara is nice as an extra . It 's black and there is no choice it just comes as a package . The curler ca n't generate enough force for the heat to be an added curling effect . I do n't understand the whole product . If it is to be like a curling iron for eyelashes it leaves a lot to be desired as a concept . It ca n't by virtue of where it 's used get too hot . The old fashioned kind does a much better job because of the tension it can exert . The heat -LRB- warm -RRB- here does nothing . I tried heated first then conventional , but it 's no better . Basically this product is a failure .
 alright , i think i 'm cursed or something . the day after i wrote my review , guess what happened ?! the straightener started sparking at me and now the plates do n't heat up . it usually takes about 30-45 minutes to straighten my hair , and i was almost done when this happened . it took another 30 mintues to finish . i have since bought a vidal sassoon vs190c professional straightener . it has 20 heat settings , 170 watts -LRB- all the same as this one -RRB- , and the plates wrap around the edges so the roots can get straightened . i recommend that straightener above this one .
 I have extremely curly and thick hair , down to about my shoulders . My friend gave me this straightener last year because she had 2 . At first , it worked pretty well , but soon my hair started getting caught in the corners of the plates and ripping out . Also , it makes the ends of my hair look REALLY damaged , like I have all split ends , and it makes them feel like hay . The top my hair looks pretty good , but I would not replace this straightener if it broke .
 I bought this straightener , and was happy that I could finally not have blow dry my hair straight every day ... BUT the first few days I used it , the black parts around the metal bars -LRB- that straighten your hair -RRB- got one strand at a time of my hair cought in it . And THERE IS NO WAY of getting it back , so you have to pull it off and you have an AUTOMATIC FLYAWAY . After a few weeks , YOU WILL NOT HAVE ANY HAIR LEFT . BEWARE . YOU WILL BE DOOMED BY THIS PRODUCT !
 This was the first flat iron I ever owned . It worked ok , but it pulled my hair . That hurt ! I have thick hair and it takes a while to straighten it . Friends were telling me Chi was the best . Well , I finally bought one . What a difference ! Yes , the Chi is over $ 100 , but it 's the best ! I got my hair done in half the time the Revlon one took . Plus , the Chi heated up in one minute and did not pull my hair . The Chi gets my hair straighter , faster . And my hair feels so silky after using the Chi .
 I have had this straightener for about a year . It will get my wavy hair straight but not quickly and I have to use the high heat settings . Also , my hair does not get stick straight but if your hair is already pretty straight then this is a good straightener .
 This product catches strands of hair and rips them out as you straighten . I also experienced the problem with one side of the iron not heating up . It does get really hot though , and if I do small sections of hair it works okay .
 Do n't buy this straightener . It works okay and has different heat settings , but thats about all it can offer . I 've used many of my friends straighteners that cost only $ 10 more and were at least twice as effective . Also , this straightener rips out your hair ! Where the plates and the plastic meets , hair gets caught and rips out . Do n't buy it
 I had this flat iron for about 6 months and mine too burned out . It also damanged my hair so much ! I bought a ceremic one after this on broke , and noticed a big difference in my hair . My hair was so damanaged from this iron that i had trouble putting highlights -LRB- bleach -RRB- in my hair cause my hairstylist was afraid my hair would break . DONT BUY THIS PRODUCT !!! If you dont want to spend a lot of money , get the Vidal Sasoon Gold 2.25 '' Ceremic high heat straightner VS182C . That one made my hair look and feel healthy again , but my just burned out after 6 months , so now im going to upgrade to an expensive on at my salon .
 I had read reviews of this straightener on the site , hoping it would do the job of straightening my extremely curly and long hair in a short amount of time , and purchased it . I was very wrong . It takes a while to heat up , and once it is heated up , it does n't straighten my hair . I have to go over the same 1-inch section of hair about 30 times to get it anywhere near straight . Do n't waste your time or money on this straightener . It 's not worth it . period .
 Unlike all the other posters , I had this straightener for years . Loved it ! I have very thick , wavey hair and it straightened it in no time . Did n't rip out my hair , I loved it . So , when it finally did break -LRB- the outside cracked -RRB- I decided to look it up online to see if I could find it . Ordered another one off of Amazon . The first one I got started smoking as soon as I turned it on and gave off a horrible smell . It also ripped my hair out because the plates stuck out from the housing . I emailed the company and they were great , sent me out a new one and told me to throw that one away . I now have another one and it also gives off a terrible smell . A real shame because I loved my original one . . maybe I got lucky the first time around .
 This straightener seemed to be working great at first . . but then it will just stop working one day . i 've only have it for 2 months . PURE garbage . and that gold metal plate also catches your hair if you 're not too careful . DO N'T buy this thing . I do n't even know why they have this out on the market when they know it 's gon na break down . I give it one star for the fact that it worked at all .
 I do love this straightener - the plates are big and it heats up quickly , yet I use it everyday and after about 2 months , the light stops going on , which means the plates will not go on . Not to mention the cord continually curls up so bad you have to yank it to get it to your head -LRB- or spend 5 minutes trying to uncurl the cord -RRB- . I have bought it twice , and today it broke again . I have a feeling that Revlon will tell me that it 's gone through `` extreme wear '' -- it should at least be able to handle everyday usage ! I 'm going to have to buy a different brand , and I recommend you find a different one also , one without all of these hassles .
 Do not get this product . It worked really great for awhile and then it just stopped working the red light would not stay on ! I thought at first that I did something to make it break you know overusing it or something but now I read the reviews and realize I was not the only one whose straightener broke ! Do not get this prouduct !
 My friends have used this straightener and they say it works good , until it breaks , also this straightener snags the hair to much , plus say hi to damage , split ends , and fried hair .
 After I wrote my previous review I decided to take another look at this straightener . I noticed there are screws running up the sides so I decided to take a look to see what was going on inside . I figured what the heck , we 're tossing it anyway , what could it hurt . When I opened it I found two thin wires that had snapped off from where they were soldered . It seems that the repeated opening and closing from the use of the straightener puts stress on these wires causing them to snap off over time . Obviously , it does n't take much time to cause this judging from past reviews , a month or two . Like I said before , this is a design flaw and the manufacturer needs to evaluate this product and correct this problem . All I can say is buyer beware . We are looking for a different straightener .
 Cheap product in all means . It riped off my hair while straightening and did a very lousy job
 ok well this was the first straightener thati ever bought and it workerd well . . for the first 3 months then it broke so i bought the same on again but then that one broke almost immdeiatly ... i would recommend the conair sissors sorta one ... . i forget what its called but also the wet 2 dry one it works wonders and does n't even damage my hair &#60; br / &#62;
 I have had this straightner for a while ... My friend reccomended it to me . I loved it and even read reviews about it before thinking nothing of them and thought I just got lucky with mine.It 's Christmas and I was just in the process of doing my hair when it just turned off ... It was working fine the entire time and it just stopped . It did come back on for a second ... sort of like it was shorting but now it wont come back on . I have half frizzy hair and half straight hair now and nothing I can do about it ... So now I get to figure out a way to fix this since I ca n't just run out and get a new straightner ... * runs off to continue looking for her old crappy conair one -LRB- another crappy brand -RRB- *
 I have read the other reviews on how this product quits working after only a couple months and I completely agree.My daughter bought this straightener so she could have super straight hair . She bought it with money she made from babysitting . She was so excited to get it home and use it . It worked great , we could n't believe how straight it made her hair -LRB- and her hair is very curly -RRB- . Then after about a month the red light would n't stay lit on it . If you open and closed the handle the red light would come on for a few seconds then go off . It appeared that something in the area where the two sections of the straightener connect , there was a short of some kind . I had kept the warranty information that came with it , and it does have a 90 day warranty , so I returned it to the manufacturer . I did not have the original receipt , which they want , but I included the warranty information with it as proof that I did have something . After about 4-5 weeks we received a new straightener which renewed my faith in this product . That was about 2 months ago . Then just this morning my daughter is trying to do her hair for school and is upset because this straightener has quit working again . It seems to be the same problem as last time , the red light will not stay on and will flash off and on when you squeeze the handle . It seems to me that this product has some kind of design flaw and the manufacturer needs to address this issue if they want to keep selling this product and not getting returns . It cost me money to return the first one and if I keep having to spend money for returns to the manufacturer I might as well go out and spend money on a more reliable product .
 It works great when you first get it . That does n't last long though because it will break on you . After just one month I was using it and blue sparks started flashing near the red light . It stopped and then the next day I used it again and white sparks started coming out of it . The room smelt like burnt plastic . This hair straightener is a piece of junk and I would not recommend wasting your money on it . You would probably be better off buying one from a salon .
 I do n`t own a revlon perfect heat straightner , But I was just about to purchase one . But after reading these reviews it seems that the company NEEDS ! to make the same straightner STRONGER and BETTER BUILT!It seems to be the perfect straightner for me , but I do n`t want to waste my hard earned money on a striaghtner thats just going to break on me ! I mean c ` mon that is horrble that the one girl has purchased 6 and they STILL keep breaking on her , and her friend!They should be able to make a product that can last for years!the reason I like the sounds of the straightner was because of what my friend said about itBecause my friend purchased the same straightner and loves it!BUT it seems to be that every 10 straightners the company makes ONLY 1 works right . I think that is very poor.Well I guess I am just going to find a salon striaghtner , unless the company figures out a way to improve ! there VERY ! poor product.I have a conair striaght and shiny hair straightner but I would NOT recommend it to anyone , because after maybe a dozen uses it wo n`t get as hot and it wo n`t straightner my hair ! It was n`t a good straightner to begin with!I am VERY disapointed in there product !
 When I first used this straightener I was so excited because it turned my wavy hair into beautful straight hair and didnt seem to damage it . I used it everyday and by the 3rd week it broke . I almost bought another one but after reading that others had the same problem then I wo n't waste my money .
 I bought this straightener in May and one of the plates just stopped working last week . Not very efficient if you want straight hair . I would n't recommend this straightener , although it did work well when it worked , it ws hard to get your hair straight into it . I would recommend slurging for a salon one . Definietely get one with a comb too if your hair is n't straight already . THanks , Sarah
 This product stinks ! Mine worked for a couple months until it completely burnt out a couple days ago ! Now the red light is on , but the burners dont heat up!DONT BUY THIS !
 My daughter was given one of these as a gift recently . She used it last night to get ready for Prom - part of the plastic warped/melted , the straightener does n't close right anymore , there appears to be soot on one side and when it started sparking and she threw it down onto her bed - it melted her sheets into the mattress - so there 's fabric melded into the plastic on the other side.VERY unhappy - it 's no longer usable , after a single use - and blue sparks when it 's plugged in and turned on = fire hazard in my opinion.Won ' t buy again .
 As so many others have said already , this straightener is TRASH ! I had been on the lookout for a straightener that gets hot enough to straighten my very thick , wavy hair . I 've tried them all.And then I found the Revlon RV059C . It heats up extremely quickly and is super hot . Sure , it caught a few hairs between the plates and ripped them out , but once I learned how to use it , this did n't happen as often . It straightened my hair fast -LRB- only took about 10 minutes -RRB- and got it silky smooth . I loved it!Then it broke . The red light would n't work , and the plates would n't heat up . I kept it going for a while by banging it on the counter to jar the red light , but soon it died for good.Of course , I thought , it was just this particular one . So I went out and bought a new one which worked beautifully - for about 3 months . Then presto , one plate stopped working . Simply would n't heat up.OK , I thought . This is not the same problem as the last one . Maybe it 's a fluke . Maybe I have just had bad luck . Maybe I should n't buy another one from the same company . But it 's the only straightener I 've found that really works ! So what do I do ? : : STUPID , STUPID :
 I had this straightener for about three monthes before one day , when i see inside the straightener , there are little sparks going off and it smells different , like fire perhaps ? Now I 'm not an expert , but i knew something was wrong when that started happening so i quickly turned it off . The next day , i wanted to try it but the same thing happened and then suddenly the light went off and it just would n't work anymore . It completely burned out . This is a horrible straightener . It also pulls your hair out . If you want a good straightener , I 'm afraid you might have to pay a bit more , but it 's worth it . The best kinds are Ceramic Tools or Hot Tools and i recommend a ceramic one because its a lot better for your hair . Whatever you do , do n't get Conair or Revlon . A good straightener is probably going to cost you over 30 dollars , but you 'll be a lot happier , trust me .
 This straightener only works for about three months before not heating up anymore and breaking . It REALLY damages your hair and is not worth your money since your ' e going to end up buying at least three every year . I have bought this straightener four times already and never will again . Yeah , it may straigten your hair . . but it will make it look dry and frizzy . It does n't make it look shiny , and there are certainly better ones on the market that are healthier for your hair .
 This is the first straightening iron that I have ever had . One day , it just stopped working . I tried and tried to get it too start working again ... but I couldnt . I was so happy with it and it just broke down on me . What it does is the light flickers and it stops heating up . My advice is to buy a slightly more expensive one , and it will be worth it because you can count on it . I mean , it worked great , but after a while it stopped and its a waste of money !!!
 The first flat iron I had was awesome - I had it for over a year and it worked great . I left it with my roommate who had grown to love it as well . The second one I purchased was terrible - it lasted less than three months and the plates were defective such that several hairs would get caught and ripped out every time I used it -LRB- I am embarrassed to say that I continued using it for nearly three months despite the fact that it ripped hairs out every time -RRB- . There are many other products out there at a comparable price . I recommend trying one of those .
 Beware !!! When buying this product . We have went through 4 of these in the last year . If left on for a period of time like an hour , it starts to slowly -LRB- over a period of a few months -RRB- melt the outer plastic until its burnt and black becoming a fire hazard before you know it . The outer side becomes as hot as the inner straightener heating up the desk or carpet that it is sat on . I find myself making sure it is off before I leave the house . We even thought that buying two at a time would solve this problem but it just delayed it . Why would I have bought four you ask ... well we thought the first was defective so we bought the second one that fell apart after about three months so I bought the third and forth . My daughters love this product for straightening their hair.It is an inexpensive way of getting a professional look . It is not worth the safty of my home and family to get this , trying another product this time .
 This dryer worked well for a couple of years . Then last week it failed very dangerously . It shorted while it was plugged in . It started heating all on its own , and was on its way to setting the house on fire . The fail-safe outlet plug failed to shut it off.Get a Conair . We use Conairs to help dry lay-ups on home-built aircraft and the Conairs have never failed after decades of hard service .
 My family has used this model hairdryer for about 11 months . While it was being used recently the wiring in the handle shorted and flames and smoke started escaping from the off / on switch . My wife burnt her finger and dropped it to the floor then unplugged it . Upon examination of the handle , the wires at the solder points in the handle had shorted and caught on fire . I know the dryer was not being misused or over heated , so it appears to be a manufacturers defect . Buyers need to be aware of this potential problem .
 This was the first streightner i had ever bought . I thought it worked amazing since it was the first time evr doing that to my hair . After a while i realized it left my hair so frizzy and poofy . Then the day came were i got my 7th grade pictures back . HAHA last time using that streightner , they were horrible my hair looked grosss ! I had to go out and buy a new one . So if your thinknig of buying it , dont unless you want your hair pulled out or have paper thin hair .
 Does not get very hot and takes forever to straighten hair . I have very fine hair and usually it takes no time at all - this took forever and did n't completely straighten .
 My Chi broke last week , so while waiting for my new one to get here I borrowed this hair straightener from my mother in-law . It is the absolute worst thing ever . The screws pull your hair , it is so big that you ca n't straighten your bangs , and it does n't even heat up . It 's so terrible that it breaks your hair and gives you the worst fly-aways you 've ever seen . It is a hair destroyer . It took me two hours to get my hair to look moderately decent with this thing . Do n't waste your money , you might as well buy an iron and do your hair with that , you 'll probably get better results .
 i love Vidal Sasson i have never used anything else but when my Straightener broke this was the only one like it . . i was not impressed this works nothing like my old one it does not have a good grip for my hair and it burns
 The brush is much to soft and flexible . Doesnt grab my hair ; the bristles just sort of bend over the top layer . You cant get a smoothe style like that . And that is what this type of dryer is suppoed to do . They need to change the brush bristles !
 I hate this curved style of the Vidal Sassoon handheld dryer . The attachments scrape my scalp instead of combing my hair . I 'm buying all the old , straight style I can find and ignoring this curved thing .
 The new style hand held hair dryers are not good for short hair . Curly or wavy short hair was styled easier with the smaller brush with stiffer bristles . The 1200-1500 watt dryers worked the best . I wish I could find one of the older models .
 The new style hand held hair dryers are not good for short hair . Curly or wavy short hair was styled easier with the smaller brush with stiffer bristles . The 1200-1500 watt dryers worked the best . I wish I could find one of the older models .
 I own this product . It is definately a disappointment if you have thick hair . It takes forever to dry hair and I have to use thin sections -LRB- which takes hours -RRB- over and over to get any drying effect even on the highest speed . I use it on my 9 yr olds hair , which is thick also and straight . To get any styling effects on her hair , it has to be almost dry first . I feel it works better on naturally straight and fine hair . This wasnt one of Revlons finest . I can see why its discontinued .
 I had two problems with this hair dryer . First , the diffuser attachment is not a diffuser . It still forces air through at a fairly high rate , which does n't solve the frizz problem for curly hair . It 's still hitting your hair like a blow dryer -LRB- not a diffuser -RRB- , just over a larger area . &#60; br / &#62; Second , the buttons are right where a user would hold it , so I keep accidentally turning it from low to high while using it . I 'm returning this one for the Vidal Sassoon VS505 , which a friend of mine has and is FAR superior .
 Hair dryer seemed to be a good product at first however , within a few days , the temperature control button stopped working -LRB- it would just slide up and down without actually locking into a particular temperature -RRB- . Shortly after that , the mechanism to actually turn on the hair dryer jammed almost as if it were to lock in place . After a few hours , you would have the ability to turn it on again unexplicably . The on/off problem was really hit and miss ; there was no telling when it would happen . I eventually decided to exchange the product but was unable to due to Target 's return policy .
 The picture of the product clearly shows an orange label on the box , which is what I wanted.What was received by my wife was a black label -LRB- same name , but different product -RRB- . The company was contacted and will take back any unopened boxes.But she did open one box and could tell it was not the perfume shown on Amazon 's website.Furthermore , it cost me $ 10 to send the unopened boxes back.Very disappointed .
 I 've smelled toilette water before and this did n't even come close . May have set too long and was not longer any good . Go to your local store to make sure you 're getting the real thing . I love this fragrance , so I just added more money and went to a store that had a Lancome dept. Payed a little more , but I sure smell good .
 These rollers were hard to handle and extremely hot . They would n't stay in the hair once rolled and were too hot on the scalp .
 I was extremely disappointed with these rollers . They do not curl ... they give slight body . And the ends are not cool touch ... I used the tabs to roll with , but the edges of the rollers touched my skin and burned me . If you want curl ... and cool touch ... these rollers are not for you .
 I bought the hairsetter in hopes of using it in Sweden . This was a huge misstake as it ca n't be done without spending a lot of money on converters and plugs.The voltage is 120 opposed to 220 in Europe and obviously the plug is different . I knew the plug would be different even though there was no information about this . What I did n't think of was the voltage.I find it very strange that there is no information about this , especially when they can see they are shipping to an international address.I would have loved to give the product as rave review but seeing as how I ca n't even try it , that is not possible.I feel totally cheated as there is no point in sending it back due to shipping costs .
 This hair dryer worked for less than 2 months .
 I liked this hair dryer a lot , but the on/off switch broke less than a year after I bought it . Would not buy again or recommend it .
 i was looking for a shimmering gold color and got this instead . It 's a really bright orange/salmon color and its really unattractive . I only used a tiny bit and it made me look like i had pink eye . My advice , go into sephora and try these on before buying on line . I went in and exchanged this for a metallic shadow that was far better .
 Slow to heat , does not sit on cradle correctly and does not hold the heat once it is charged . Does not smooth skin as advertised ...
 The spoon does n't sit in the charger correctly . You have to play with it to get it to charge . Then when the battery is charged , the spoon stays warm for one or two minutes maximum .
 I do n't recommend this product . The appliance does n't stay warm long enough to do the entire face . It stays warm long enough to do one side of face . One other problem is with the unit itself , if just lays in the charger so if it is bumped it could lose the charge connection easily .
 This hair dryer was used lightly each morning on a flat top hair cut . I have no complaints about how it worked , but it broke for no apparent reason about 6 months after I gave it to my husband as a gift . In the middle of the night , the plug started sparking and had to be removed from the outlet . Now the red reset button no longer clicks in . Seems like a safety issue to me , so I 'm tossing it .
 I purchased one of these hair dryers and used it off and on for 2 months before the switch , which controls the off-low-high setting , started to slip internally . Now , I can only use the low setting on this hair dryer , which takes forever to dry my hair .
 I bought this hair dryer and had it for a few months . within those few months it worked pretty well , but it was n't any better than some of the hair dryers i have tried before . however , one day while I was using it , it started making sparks and shooting them out at my hair !! As you can imagine I was pretty alarmed and thought for a moment that my hair would catch on fire . luckily , it did n't , but my dryer went right in the garbage after that .
 I ordered this item because my curling iron broke , Revelon Model RV052 . What was delivered was a Model that was different - I am using this item NOW !!!! Now I have to waste my time again and find out how to send this damn thing back.I will NEVER order from this company again . I rate this company a ZERO !!
 Caution this product DOES NOT WORK.I repeat DOES NOT WORK.I ca n't even tell the difference in my dogs hair . Do n't buy this at K-mart , if your planning on taking it back . We have tried to take it back , because it has a 12 month warranty and I have only had it for 3 days . THIS PRODUCT -LSB- IS WORTHLESS !!! -RSB-
 Its a nice packagea and the idea of being able to change irons but its too small and it pulls my hair . It takes to long to warm up . Its just a bad product . I dont recommend at all .
 This straightener -LSB- stinks -RSB- ! It does n't heat or reheat up fast enough . In fact , it does n't even get that hot , so it wo n't work if you have thick , coarse hair . The water reservoir leaked and the hot water burned my hand ! Take my advice , do n't buy this product !
 This product was pretty bad in the sense that it straightens badly ... but the crimping plates worked well . The waving plates were way too shallow to make a difference to my hair . I have thicker hair and the straighening iron did n't effect my hair . The water resivoir ran out way too fast and the water would drip out and burn me . This product is only good for the crimper .
 I bought this product since I have both a Vidal Sassoon hair dryer and curling iron and they are both wonderful ! However , this straightener is a HORRIBLE product and a complete waste of money . NOTHING is good about it , it just burns your hair and makes it frizzy . Also , the metal plates on the straighter are extremely small so even if it did work for your hair , you would spend forever working through your hair . Bottom line is do n't buy this product , go for a ceramic straightener , they are great !
 This was a horrible product . I have straight hair and am always looking for something to spice things up - put in waves , and crimps . This product was horrible again - when I tried the straigtening attachment -LRB- my hair had a bit of a natural curl at the tips -RRB- , the little ridges on the side pulled my hair out , and though I did not encounter a burn with the hot water , it certainly landed on my counter quite a few times . This is a crappy product and I would warn you against it . I do n't understand why someone would make an iron that pulls your hair out - OUCH ! get a clue .
 I have medium length , thick curly/wavy hair , and this straightener does NOTHING ! It worked alright on the fine , wavy hair of a friend of mine , but it did nothing for me . I would just give it to her , but she got a ceramic one for her birthday , so now I 'm stuck with it . It takes forever to heat up . The steam just makes my hair weaker , and the plates catch it , and it breaks , and I end up with more frizz than I had before I tried to fix it with the iron . The wave plate did absolutely nothing , and the crimper , while working for the afore mentioned friend with fine hair , just made my hair look poofy and snarly . Do n't buy this iron just because it looks like fun , with all it 's little attachments , and it 's low price tag . If you have thick , curly hair , spring for a good ceramic iron , and save yourself from the bad hair days that will result from this joke .
 -LRB- armando is my dad 's name , i use his account -RRB- It hardly could straighten my hair . Not recommended for thoes with thick hair . I bought it because it was cheap and it came with the crimper and waver . It takes such a long time for it too heat up ! Like practically 10-15 minutes !! I had to go over several strands to actually get my hair some what straight . The wave does n't work and the crimper will work on thoes with very fine thin hair . I do n't think the water attachment helps with straightening your hair either . I was using it at the top of my head and had it in a slanted position and from the holes where `` steam '' is suppose to come out , the water began to drip . The water was hot , it burned my finger tips since it was where the water ran down . NOT GOOD ! Also After a few months of having this product the cordwas badly twisted . There is not on/off button , so you have to unplug it to turn it off . The plates are also plain cheap metal . I recommend you spend alot more money and do research on buying a good flat iron .
 Do n't waste your time and money on this product . I have gone thru 3 of these in the last 6 months , two in the last week . All of them have had defective switches . Amazon should not sell this product the quality of the switches is unacceptably poor . 3/13/07
 I also had the heater on mine go out after a few short months . I REALLY loved this machine though ! It actually blew air ! And it has the nice SAFE switches unlike the toggles that most have now . I had one of those previously and my cats turned it on while I was gone and almost burned the place down . So anyway , I 'm trying to contact the manufacturer , but I doubt it will do any good . Too bad . Loved it while it worked . Hoped it was a fluke and was going to order another before I saw the reviews .
 Although this hair dryer has a powerful drying effect , the high/low/off switch broke on my second use . Now it is permanently stuck on low . I would not recommend this dryer to anyone after experiencing this ... . I must now send it back to the manufacturer for repair . What a pain !
 I figured for the price , how could you go wrong ? Well my fiancee used this hairdryer at most 5 times a week and in less than 3 months it has now quit working altogether . No HOT air , No Cold air ... NOTHING !! This Item looks like a great deal . . but Save your $ $ $ and buy something that will last you longer than 2-1/2 months . The manufacturer should be ashamed to sell such a product !
 Product was only used once and fan shifted inside the case and product stopped working .
 Had this hair dryer for several years ... loved it until it blew up in my hand today !!!!!!!!!!! I came on Amazon to see if this was a freak accident or happened to other consumers . I plan on contacting the company tomorrow . This is extremely dangerous , similar to other consumers experiences sparks came out of where the cord runs intot he machine , it burned my finger and could have been a lot worse ! STAY AWAY !!!!!!!
 This blowdryer sucks . I returned the one I bought . The warm setting is a joke - it does n't even feel `` warm '' . It took forever to dry my long hair and left it rather flat looking .
 I purchased this blow dryer because I owned a vidal sassoon blow dryer before and it worked for many years . I did not use this blow dryer on a daily basis , so I am not sure what went wrong . But it was sounding sluggish and then started smokin ' . I had thrown away my receipt because my first VS blow dryer worked for so long . I called the company and they said they will replace it if I send it to them . I am not sure if I am thrilled about using another one , but since I threw my receipt away , I guess I 'll give it a try . When it did work , I liked it - that earned the first star . And because the company is willing to replace it without a receipt , I gave them a 2nd star . We 'll see how it turns out .
 I purchased this hair dryer in Aug. 2001 . I do n't even use it on a daily basis and am VERY careful not to bend the cord since I have had other hair dryer cords short out due to this . Last week , I was using it when it started to cut out on me . It would stop and start again . I thought maybe the unit was hot or else the cord was going bad . But I continued to use it and suddenly there was a loud pop and a mini-explosion . The unit had sparked in my hand and burned my forearm . Needless to say this caused me to throw the unit down immediately . I unplugged it from the wall and have n't used it since . You can see where the cord shorted through the plastic cord casing right up where the power cord goes into the unit . I called the company and they were very concerned about what had happened to me . They said I could send the unit in to them and get a replacement . No mention of a refund was made at this time but they did say I could replace the unit with ANY of their hair dryers . After doing some online research , I discovered that this company , Helen of Troy USA , also makes the Revlon Stylist Turbo hair dryer that was my previous hair dryer on which the cord shorted out and made the unit unusable . So I then called the company back , at which time I was told that since I had the original receipt and it was under the 2 year warranty I could receive a full refund . I chose not to get a replacement hair dryer from this company since I am not confident that any of the hair dryers they manufacture have safe cords . Users beware - do n't get burned !
 I bought this hair dryer largely for the concentrator attachment , and figured that its ionic capabilities were a bonus . Well , the concentrator attachment will not stay on the dryer , and falls off repeatedly . Also , the `` magic button '' for the ionizing really does n't do anything as far as I can tell .
 I bought this hair dryer 5 weeks ago . Wasnt very happy with it . It is not strong enough for long hairs . it took me over 20 minutes to dry my hair with it and you cant feel the effect of the ionic stuff . I have tried ionic hair dryers that worked much better . so even if it was working Iwas not happy.Then it exploded this morning !!! It is still under the waranty but I have to pay for shipping + 4 $ admin ... Not worth it in my opinion . even if it is cheap , buy something else
 I ordered one and had it arrive totally broken . Amazon sent a replacement . That too was defective . Save your time/money and buy another , maybe in person . I 'm not convinced that hair dryers survive shipping . -LRB- Amazon is giving me a refund including shipping , so there 's not a problem there . -RRB-
 I 've had this hair dryer for two years and was pretty pleased with its performance . That is , I was pleased with it until yesterday . I was drying my hair as usual when it briefly stopped working and then huge sparks shot out of it ! After flinging it across the room and unplugging it , I looked for the cause . The way the cord attaches to the unit is faulty and is easily damaged . This is poor design and could lead to some serious injuries.Please think twice before buying this dryer !
 I bought the Vidal Sassoon VS781 and liked using it ... while it was working . Unfortunately , after 10 weeks the hot air temperature dropped to warm air and never was capable of hot air again . Then two weeks later the whole motor overheated and nearly became a fire hazard . This hair dryer is now in the garbage . I 'm not sure if this was an isolated incident or not , but it was convincing enough for me to never buy a Vidal Sassoon dryer ever again .
 This is not one of the best hair dryers I 've had . At best , it 's average . The nozzle is too long , and the concentrator attachment is fixed at horizontal . I like attachments that can rotate so that I can change the angle to reach different parts of my hair . The ionic feature makes no difference to the length of drying time or texture of my hair . After using this hair dryer for 1 yr and 3 mths -LRB- about 3X a week -RRB- , the switch for heat settings is now loose . The dryer only blows cool air even though I slide the switch for higher temperatures . My rating has gone from average to below average .
 Just like a couple of the reviews I just read , this hair dryer was fantastic on the first day I used it . But guess what ? On Day 2 , the speed switch broke and it only has low speed . I could hear a broken piece inside the dryer and as I used it , it got caught in the motor . I shut it off and wo n't use it . Headed for the trash -- what a waste of money!Apparently , this is far from an isolated incident ; it 's called poor quality !
 Hate to report this , but mine will not turn on/does not work.Update
 Really , curling irons are not newfangled inventions - they 've been around for centuries . So to put one on the market with such a wretched design is truly irresponsible . Both the on-off switch and the temperature setting are right where you grab the thing to use it , which means that by using it you constantly bump the temperature off setting or turn it off inadvertently . The temperature wheel is so loose - and not a click wheel - that it is impossible to set a temperature and insure that it stays there , which can lead to serious burns on the skin or hair . What a craptastic demonstration of shoddy design and manufacturing straight from China . Will be returning mine forthwith .
 I just bought this and while the product performs fine , I have the same problem with the dial that other reviewers have already stated . I would take it back , except the packaging is destroyed , so I taped the dial so it would n't spin while I 'm using it . Lame , but it works . Good luck if you have already purchased this , and if you have n't , keep shopping .
 The design is very poor . I either change the heat setting or turn it off all together every time I touch it ! No problem with the heating element , but not worth the effort .
 I have been very disappointed in this product . I had this iron about a year ago and it worked okay for awhile and then one day I got a spark from the iron while curling my hair . I thought it might have been a fluck , so I bought another one and about six months later , the spring went out on that one , so can not use it at all . Will not get another one .
 The price was right on this one , but everything else was mediocre . The unit heats up quickly , which is it 's strongest point . But that 's about as strong as it gets . One major issue is the heat setting , which is accessed by using an adjustable dial beneath the clamp button on the handle . The problem is that the dial is in the way of one 's hand while using the product , so it gets reset frequently during use . I would set it for my desired heat level , roll my hair , accidentally brush the dial , and it would be back to `` 0 '' again . It is also very imprecise -- setting it to 15 , for example , was more like wiggling it into position , where it moves a couple of settings on either side . I found it virtually impossible to keep the setting `` set '' . The second , and related , major issue is the ergonomics of the handle and the access to the clamp button . I found it difficult to reach the clamp button easily while holding the iron , particularly without bumping into the heat setting , which is right beneath the button . All in all , if I had carefully thought this through , I would n't have purchased it . Now I 'll be using it just long enough for a -LRB- better -RRB- replacement to arrive .
 I find it hard to believe that Revlon did n't have any quality control or testing of this product . The stand is completely useless , which makes the whole item useless , because if its sitting directly on my counter , it WILL burn it . I bought this at a retailer -LRB- not at Amazon -RRB- and I am going to try to get my money back . I 'm SO disappointed . As for how it curls , it really was n't that great . The only reason I bought it was because my existing curling iron did n't have auto shut off , the curls this creates are not that great . Do n't bother with this one , I wish I would have read the reviews before buying . Who would have thought an everyday appliance like a curling iron needed this much research ? SO ANNOYED !!!!
 This curling iron is hazardous and should be recalled . I was curling my hair this morning when a big pop , and a shock followed by a ball of flame shot out of the end -LRB- cord end -RRB- of my curling iron hit my arm and burned me . Thank God the GFI plug it was plugged into immediately tripped the breaker and the power was cut off to it or I fear I would have been electrocuted . This was very scary . The spot where the cord enters the curling iron was literally almost blown off by this . This is a hazard and needs to be taken off the market . Please discontinue using yours and report it to Revlon . I 'm thinking I may file a formal complaint with the Consumer Protection Office .
 Do not buy any Revlon curling iron ! They need to recall all irons immediately . Mine , which I have owned for about a year now had a short and caught my hair on fire ! I have thin baby fine hair and it scorched it , taking an inch x half inch of hair right off my head . I do not use any hair care products after wash and conditioning . It had been dry for over 6 hours . I had just place the iron on the piece of hair to curl and it turned it black and smoked immediately . Now i have a small chunk of hair missing on the crown of my head ! Apparently after some research this has been an issue with their irons for at least 10 years now and it still is n't fixed !
 Another reviewer already mentioned this , but let me emphasize
 I 'm surprised this item has n't been recalled . I only used it once before the spring between the on/off buttons broke and the whole thing fell apart . Wo n't even turn on because the buttons have no resistance . I guess I 'm lucky I did n't get electrocuted .
 This curling iron is just flimsy . I does n't heat much , does n't stay heated and the plastic handle is breaking after just a little over one week of use . Do n't expect curl . Do n't expect anything but returning it to the store . Revlon owns Helen of Troy . The few Helen of Troy irons needed to be returned due to shoddy manufacturing.This is too bad because I used to love Revlon curling irons . But now they have really gone down hill . A cheaply made piece of merchandise .
 Brought these curlers , had a pair earlier but they had broken into pieces so brought two more pair ... small and big ... both pair were less than 6 months old with little use and they both shot out fire from the cord breaking in half !!!!!! The fire burned my arms !!!! do n't know what caused it to happen , except for maybe a tear came into the cord because of the swivel cord ... Do n't buy !!!!
 I watched , horrified , as my friend 's hair burned on the high setting . She unplugged it and lowered it to a lower heat setting and as she was -LRB- finally -RRB- working to the other side her hair began burning off in clumps . When she ran her hand through the other side her hair was visibly a different color where her hair had burned . Her whole house smelt like burnt hair . It was ridiculous , she straightens her hair every day on a high heat setting , and has for the past 5 years , with no problems!This curling iron is dangerous ! Do n't buy it !
 Revlon RV051C 1 '' Tourmaline Curling Iron . First time I used it , unit kept turning off by itself . Would not stay on for more than 5 seconds . Returning it .
 Zoom into the photo closer and you 'll see a screw on the base . There are two on the curling iron . My hair keeps getting caught and somehow it gets unreleasable and I always have to yank it off ! Ouch !
 Do n't ever ever ever buy this product . I was curling my hair this morning when I heard a loud POP and sparks went flying out of the base of the iron where the cord is inserted . I had sparks land on my leg , shoulder , and in my carpet . After quickly making sure nothing was on fire , I unplugged it and did an inspection of the iron . The plastic covering over the cord had melted off and the copper was left exposed . Not only did I almost have a heart attack while doing my hair this morning , but I also have two very painfull burns on me . After reading similar reviews about this same iron online , I will never buy anything Revlon again .
 I have thick , straight asian hair and this product did not curl my hair at all . Barely had a curl .
 I bought this curling iron to replace my old Revlon curling iron after the clamp broke . I had used the old one for many years and absolutely loved it , but the new one is going in the trash as soon as I can get a replacement.Revlon has made some design changes that make this product totally unacceptable . The temperature wheel can now be rotated from both sides of the handle , instead of just one . That causes the problem that other reviewers have mentioned - as you use the curling iron , your hand causes the wheel to turn accidentally , changing the temperature setting to who-knows-what . -LRB- Which is another gripe - I ca n't read the temperature setting numbers without my reading glasses because of the black-on-gray numbers . Admittedly , my lighting is not extremely bright where I curl my hair , but the old model was much easier to read . Plus the dial changed from white to red at the half-way mark , so it was easy to see what the setting was . -RRB- Additionally , the lever for the clamp has been shortened considerably , so that your fingers rest right on the on/off buttons . I am constantly turning the iron off accidentally , and then wondering why I 'm not getting curls . With the old model , the lever was long enough that it covered the on/off buttons enough to keep you from doing that.I 'm really sorry that Revlon made such horrible changes to what used to be a great product .
 I used this curling iron maybe 5 times before the spring broke - the lever was stuck open and I had to push the lever back in place each time just to finish my hair . Did n't really like where the buttons/dials were either - everytime I grabbed the iron it seems I was turning it off or moving the temperature dial . Will never buy another Revlon hair product again !
 I agree with all of the other comments -LRB- which are ALL negative -RRB- . . Do n't waste your money . This wo n't stand on my counter . The heated area is so heavy that it just tips down on the counter . I am afraid to set it down because it will burn the counter , yet it takes two hands for me to get my hair in the iron , plus I 'm trying to hold it at the same time . Yuck !!!!!! I ca n't even use this . I expected much better from Revlon .
 While I like the way this iron curls my hair , it 's got some flaws that just drive me nuts . First off , the CORD ! It 's so twisted up now that I 'm constantly yanking it while using it , and the constant twisted state means the iron is always flipping onto its side when I set it down . Second , the temperature dial is too easy to turn . I often turn it without realizing it , just by barely touching it with the side of my hand , and end up nearly scorching my fine hair.I 'm on the hunt for another curling iron .
 This iron is NO GOOD . I should 've known not to get a REVLON curling iron . Revlon are known for make up & nothing else ! My on/off buttons did n't `` sink '' in until about a year after I had it . The curls did n't hold very well 'cause it did n't heat up that well . Maybe this is good for people with very fine/thin hair though . I would n't recommend it . Spend an extra $ 20 or so and go for a reputable curling iron brand .
 This curling iron is just a waste of time and money . I just used it once and I felt so frustrated with the results ... it just does n't work at all ! Save yourself the drama and your money . This product is useless !!!
 The image that I ordered was the one I wanted but the one I received was not the same -LRB- RV052 , received Rv052C -RRB- . I already had the one I received and do not like it as the handle is too short and high . I had to pay shpping for returning it because there was nothing stating the wrong item was shipped so I clicked on ordered wrong but wrote an explanation of why returned but was charged anyway stating not their fault I ordered wrong item.J . Nester
 I was very excited to have a nice new curling iron what will not burn my hair . Well , this one is constantly cold since the `` ON '' button does not work . It probably worked for a week or slitly more , so i did n't keep the receipt . I can not even return it nowSave your money !
 I bought this curling iron at walmart and the first time i used it it burned my hair and the setting was only on 4 needless to say it 's a piece of junk . so now i have to pay for a haircut besides having to take a bus to take it back !!!!
 I 've owned two of these curling irons and both times I 've had issues with the on/off buttons . The first iron I had , the off button quit working ; meaning I 'd have to unplug the thing to turn it off . The iron finally just quit working . When I got my second iron -LRB- thinking this could n't possibly happen again -RRB- , within 2 weeks , and mind you , I only use the curling iron 2-3 times a week , the off button felt loose and I had to wiggle it to turn it off . Within 2 months , the on button fell into the curling iron ... . never to be seen or heard from again . I 'm done with this product !
 I opened the package , plugged in the curling iron , tried to wrap the first strand of curls around it ... and it fell apart ! -LRB- The spring that holds the clamp came loose and fell off . -RRB- This one 's going back for a refund !
 I 'm asian but my hair is still not very thick . This curling iron does n't work at all . No curls whatsoever .
 Do not buy this curling iron !!! It is very poorly designed - does not stand on its `` safety stand . '' The barrel is much heavier than its base and ends up tipping forward touching the surface that it 's supposed to safely rest on . I was so afraid to put it down on my sink top in fear that it would leave a scorch mark , so I ended up holding it the whole time . It also seemed to scorch my hair . If I could give it a zero I would ! Will be taking back tomorrow !
 I bought this several months ago . The heat dial always turns freely and does not stay set on the heat setting you turn it to . I had to turn the dial and tape it place . I have thick , coarse , hair and even at the top heat setting I do n't get results . This curling iron does nothing to prevent frizz either . The handle is so light that the point of the curling iron always tips down and touches the counter -LRB- which caused me to create a burn mark on the counter -RRB- . If I were reading this I would wonder if the person was not careful , but I am a very careful person and always unplug the curling iron when I am finished . I liked my Conair curling iron much better .
 I have had this curling iron for almost six months , and while the heat setting is a little frustrating , I had relatively no problems . Then , today , as I was getting ready to curl a section a hair , I heard a loud pop and saw a pretty big spark fly from the handle . I am relieved that I did n't actually have the thing in my hair when this happened . I would not recommend anyone to purchase this iron , regardless of the price .
 I would agree that it is poorly designed , I keep bumping the temperature selection . Also , it would n't even curl my hair . The `` curls '' which were more like waves fell right out .
 The lower heat settings were always too hot . After a couple unpleasant weeks of using this product my hair actually was singed to the point where a clump came off . This happened on the LOW setting ! Needless to say i have returned this product .
 I bought the same model twice , and had the same problem twice . The 1st time I bought this curler the ON/OFF buttons sank into the handle making it impossible to use . Thinking my curler was defective , I replaced it with the same exact model . One month later ... you guessed it . Same defect . Save yourself the trouble buy something else .
 This is a very poorly designed curling iron . The temperature selection dial is right underneath where your hand goes when opening and closing the iron . A very light touch of the palm causes the temperature dial to spin freely from right to left as you curl and uncurl it around your hair . I never know what temperature setting it 's on by the time I 'm done . No wonder other reviewers are burning their hair . Also , the cord bends downward from the base of the curling iron , causing it to hit the counter when resting and tipping off it 's tiny and useless stand . Revlon clearly did n't put much thought into this product . It 's very annoying considering you really do n't know these drawbacks because it 's sold shrink wrapped in hard plastic . Do n't get this . You 'll just be annoyed with it .
 This is my first product review ever and I am sad to say I have to write this to save others from the same fate ! Reading the other reviews I concur - I have had issues with the temp as well as the tangled cord that is a mess ! However , I have thick hair and I was glad to have an iron that would actually give me curls . But - this morning - as I was lifting the iron to my head I heard a LOUD POP FOLLOWED BY A BIG YELLOW FLASH . THE CORD CAME DETACHED FROM THE IRON AND I WAS LEFT WITH A CORD DANGLING FROM THE WALL and a iron with no cord in my hands ! I have little guys so this was sooo scary for me . Plus - I was n't fond of having something EXPLODE IN MY FACE . Please do n't buy this for your own safety !!! BEWARE !!
 First
 I 've tried two of these irons -LRB- one purchased , one manufacturer 's replacement -RRB- and neither has worked . My hair has always curled with another curling iron , but these two just did n't curl my hair -- not on any heat setting and not after long or short waiting periods for heating , not with large or small clumps of hair . Simply put
 low quality . I used it for twice and it got broken . Also it is not safe since the iron is very hot on the surface and it is easy to burn your hands .
 I bought the 1.5 inch Revlon RV050Revlon RV050 Perfect Heat Professional Styling Iron with Ceramic , Black , 1.5 Inch `` professional '' styling iron several weeks ago . I do wish I had checked the reviews on Amazon before I purchased this instead of purchasing it when in a Target store . I used this twice . The third time I wanted to use it I found the buttons which control on and off were sunken into the handle and no longer would work . Now I see this is a common problem . What a waste of money ! And what an inconvenience . Perhaps this defect is how made it past the Underwriters Laboratory . They knew it would not work and that one has to be able to turn it on for there to be danger of fire . Nonetheless , I will not buy any Revlon products again . What a rip off !
 I got this curling iron for Christmas and it does not curl my hair and it bends and burns the end of my hair , I 'm planning to purchase a different brand
 I have burned myself quite a few times because the little clamp gets stuck half way down ounce you release the tab . trying to maneuver the thing the rest of the way down without 1 -RRB- burning myself 2 -RRB- losing the piece of hair I was trying to curl is impossible ! This is a horrible product .
 this curling iron i guess is pretty much worth the money , i have fine , very thin hair which is hard to curl regardless , but this curling iron literally didnt do anything to my hair . the size is perfect !! but my curls fall out very fast or dont even curl at all . gets hot , but not hot enough !
 I was wondering why my thick hair seemed to have thinned out , considerably in one spot . Well I believe this curling iron burnt off about 12 inches of my hair.Totally gone . I 'm throwing this iron away . Thanks for nothing Revlon . Worse thing I EVER did to my hair . Ugh ... . now I have to grow it out all over again .
 This is not a good curling iron at all . I think I only got it for $ 15 so I guess you get what you pay for . It might curl a little bit , but it 's not how a curling iron SHOULD work . The curls are n't pretty and they barely stay.I would spend a little more money and get a better one ... I know I 'm going to .
 I purchased this iron recently when the spring broke on my other curling iron . I thought the ceramic surface would be good for my hair . Wrong ! I use a small amount of styling gel in my hair and curl my hair after it is dry . I have very thin , baby fine hair . Dry or wet , my hair sticks to the surface of this iron and it pulls my hair out . Cleaning the surface does n't change anything . I ca n't get my hair out of the iron without completely unrolling the curl and pulling . Not a pleasant experience . Unrolling it also destroys any curls I created . I also agree with others who mentioned the temp setting control . It moves so freely that the temperature changes continually while you are using the iron . What a joke ! The high thumb control lever 's metal part also heats up and because of its design , I end up burning my ear , forehead , or face with the thumb control lever while I am rolling my hair . Revlon needs to recall this product and put some thought into designing one that works properly and can be used safely ! I would give it a minus score if minus stars were available on the review . Do not waste your money on this product !! It will cause you nothing but frustration and may damage your hair on top of that !
 This is the second Revlon curling iron that I have purchased in the last year . The first one was a little different model and ended with pop and super heating-frying my hair . When I went to purchase a new one I had not really paid attention to brand name and made the mistake of a second purchase , only realizing my mistake after bringing it home . I would agree with those who dislike the temp setting , it needs to be reset each use because during use it gets moved . Otherwise it was functional enough , during its short life . I had no problem giving it a second chance , but after 2 months it lights up , but simply does not heat up . No more Revlon products for me .
 I have fine , thick , untreated hair.I was looking for a decent priced 1.5 '' curling iron and I found this one . I was extremely excited because it had `` different heat settings '' and automatic shut off for such a good price . However , it was not what I expected AT ALL . First I started out with a lower setting and my hair did not curl . I slowly kept adjusting the `` heat setting '' testing frequently and there was practically no curl . This means that even at the highest setting -LRB- which seemed just as hot as the first -RRB- my hair did not hold a curl . I had to eventually go back to my straightener which had a much better curl . I regret buying the curling iron because even though i spent about $ 12 , I could have put that money towards a better curling iron .
 First of all , to put this on a sink or counter , you must first put on it 's silicone cover , otherwise it will fall ... there is nothing to hold the tip up . So you either have to have it in the cover , or you have to hold it . I could just see this disappearing into a toybox . So you would have to hold it to warm up -LRB- which it never fully did -RRB- The temperature dial is right under where you push open the bar , so everytime you use it on a piece of hair , the temperature spins down , lowering the heat ... everytime . How frustrating and poorly designed . The good reviews I see on this page must be from the manufacturers , as this is the most poorly designed curling Iron I 've seen ... I mean , my curling iron in the eighties was better than this.Finally , and most importantly , I have easy to style hair than I can even blow dry pretty straight , and this was n't able to heat up enough even on the highest setting , which ofcourse , it is impossible to keep it on ! I 'm going back to return it now . Save your time , money , and frustration !!
 It works great but I do not like it because the &#34; shiny &#34; part of it makes my hair look greasy at the roots .
 The Rusk shampoo and conditioner was fine at first , but after using it a few times my hair became less manageable and dry . After a few weeks it left a build-up and my hair was perpetually greasy . I would never buy this product again .
 Do n't waist your money!You will never get a professional manicure with this item . It works as it pleases and you may find yourself with a half manicure .
 I have recieved an item I purchased today . It is an old defective item , it does not have the Salon Shaper logo on it , it does not turn on after I put in new batteries in it , and I can not put any of the the attachments inside at all to use . This item has been used by someone else that has had it for a long time . I am not satisfied at all with your service , I have ordered a Salon Shaper before and never had any problems whatsoever until the motor ran out recently . When I opened the package it was dirty looking and you can tell someone had this product for a long time , the box is a a bit worn , and I should have known when they had the audacity to not include the owners manual with the product I have purchased . I am not satisfied at all and will put this in the comments section on every part I can on this Amazon site and beyond about this company and any other website . When you close it to lock it , it keeps turning because something inside is worn out . Will never purchase from this company again !!!!!! SO DISAPPOINTED !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 This product is terrible . Save your money and buy the little foam nail files / polishers . The instructions were followed exactly and rendered pitiful results .
 I would not order from this company . They falsely advertise and their product is small and packaging is ugly . They take way too long to respond to emails and they do not give refunds . I have filed a claim against them because of my unhappiness.I have never had a problem with Amazon before , and I do n't want this complaint to reflect other venders.Bubble Bath - Lavender Fields
 I 've used Neutrogena products in the past and have -LRB- almost always -RRB- loved them ! I ordered this product b/c I was looking for a nice exfoliating scrub that would soften my skin , but not break the bank -LRB- there are some expensive scrubs out there -RRB- . It got decent reviews -LRB- with exception to one individual who was spot on -RRB- so I ordered it.The first time I used it , I knew that it was going in the trash . The smell was pleasant -LRB- orange/lemon -RRB- , but as I began to rinse off the scrub from my arms , I noticed a very greasy feel to my skin . I rinsed and rinsed and rinsed some more but no matter what I did , I was left with a very gross oily residue on my skin ... it felt like I had slathered on a handful of butter . The water was literally beading up on my arm -LRB- picture the way water beads up on a freshly waxed car -RRB- . I had to actually use another scrub product I had to get rid of the greasy residue -LRB- and it took lots of scrubbing -RRB- . Thankfully Amazon.com is amazing with their customer service and was happy to assist me , but be warned that this product is greasy . I 'm really surprised that it got such good reviews -LRB- perhaps I got a bad batch ? -RRB- .
 Having used Neutrogena products before , I was comfortable with purchasing this product as when I bought it , I 'd never used a sugar scrub before . It was recommended to me by a good friend , but this is definitely a case of how different skin types play a role in product selection . I have to say I 'm dissappointed in this product.Scent
 tried this product and to be honest it was just too thick , could even get it to spread , I did n't feel clean I felt yuck never again ! Cleaniless over buttery feeling ewwwwwwwwwwww
 I wish they had put more sugar in it . It 's mostly oil , it did n't exfoliate my skin at all ...
 I purchased this sugar scrub because I wanted to use it in the shower for my arms and legs . It left my body feeling like I took a dip in a tub of oil . If you want to feel greasy and a sticky mess then I recommend this product .
 After falling in love with Neutrogena 's new skin rejuvenator , I looked forward to trying this scrub to replace my favorite body scrub by Kristal , which is fantastic and less per ounce than the Neutrogena but difficult to find . This product looked like it would be similar . Wrong . The Kristal scrub has a delicate , natural scent and is a soft gel that really foams up when you rub it on . The grains are small and well concentrated and dispersed throughout so you get great coverage and good exfoliation without irritation . The Neutrogena scrub has a cloyingly sweet scent and is really concentrated -- it goes on in a big glop and if you use it in the tub it leaves everything slimy , even after a good washing up . The grains are on the large side but not well concentrated , so they are really rough but do n't cover your skin well . And at more per ounce than my favorite scrub , I 'm going to pass on this product in the future .
 I ordered Nars blush in albatross and lovejoy . Reading all the reviews it appeared that both these show up on medium tan skin beautifully . I am so disappointed especially after having spent $ 50 on both . The color does not show up on my skin and after applying several coats it does not stay put for long . I am also breaking out on my cheeks where I never use to have breakouts . Wish I could return them .
 Do n't bother wasting your money on any of these . I 've currently got 4 NARS blush , bronzer & highlighter products . I had 8 to 10 at one point but returned all the others . I currently have Orgasm blush , Deep Throat blush , Laguna bronzer , & Albatross highlighter . I regret buying every NARS product I 've ever purchased , including these , as well as their eyeshadows , lip glosses , Multiples & luminizer-type products.NARS blushes are nothing special , & they 're ridiculously overpriced . They 're just cheap products in expensive packaging with extremely expensive marketing campaigns behind them . Even Wet n Wild blushes are more pigmented & more finely milled than NARS . Sleek blushes are also far far better than NARS , for a fraction of the price . Beautiful packaging , pigmentation & shades . La Femme blushes are even better , they come in about 40 beautiful shades , are crazily pigmented , and are under $ 3 each . La Femme blushes are also used by professional makeup artists . That really tells you how good they are . They blow NARS , MAC & every other high end blush out of the water.Laguna bronzer is just plain boring , as well as overpriced . Try Fyrinnae 's matte & shimmer bronzers . They 're beautiful & cost so much less.Albatross highlighter is a god-awful , glittery highlighter with gold specks in it that magnifies pores exponentially . Avoid like the plague . Once again , Fyrinnae to the rescue . They make amazing bronzers , blushes & highlighters . Their highlighters truly give a gorgeous glow , without glitter , frostiness , and without making your pores look cavernous . Phenomenal products.NARS Multiples have been duped by so many companies it 's ridiculous , and at far lower prices . Try NYX Tango With Bronzing Stix . I have these in Cha Cha With Sun God & Merengue Flush . The second product is more of a light cream stick highlighter/blush . Cha Cha With Sun God is a gorgeous non-orange cream stick bronzer.And the list goes on . There simply is no good reason to buy NARS products . Many are really not very good - try one of their horrifically creasing fat eyeshadow pencils & you 'll see what I mean - and are easily duped by other companies with much better pigmentation , at much lower prices . For the price of ONE NARS blush you can get approximately 15-18 stunningly amazing La Femme blushes . And you wo n't regret a penny you 've spent .
 I love the blush , but I still have not received it , and it was due to arrive Dec 4 , and it 's Dec 25 th , and the status of it , is that it 's still in transit !
 Parabens are used as a preservative so that products have less of a chance at growing bacteria . But I own other cosmetics that are the same price that DO NOT contain these harmful chemicals . ZuZu Luxe for example . Or , Lavera Natur Kosmetik neither of these have parabens . They do n't have a ton of different colors to choose from but at least they will look natural for everyday use.I would expect lower end brands to contain parabens because they are cheaper to make . Here are some sources :[ ... -RSB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I do n't understand why everyone seems to love this . I bought it with great expectations but found it to disappear very quickly . The color is pretty , but it does n't last long .
 I was given this blush as a gift . It is not flattering on me at all . It makes my pores stand out and emphasizes lines . I am 35 and Ia told I have nice skin . The sparkles and shimmer are the probleI would not buy this blush again .
 I generally like NARS blushes but this is a new color for me . The color I was using is no longer available and this looked very close so I decided to try it . It goes on VERY orange . I looked like a clown . It is not the same as shown in the picture . Regretfully , I just can not use it so I wasted my money
 I hate this product . . it makes my checks look like i have bruise . It makes it look darker and i have a nice fair asian skin . . This product does not stay on like it says it would . and for the price i am very disappointed . . this product does not work in a very humid place . went on vacation to Hawaii and my checks look so gross ... I like the mac blush way better than Nars orgasm . .
 Was very pleased with the expedient shipping of this order . As for the blush itself ; it takes too many applications to even see a hint of color . I am of scandinavian descent -LRB- blonde , blue eyes , very fair complexion -RRB- . I was hoping for some color to show on my face using this blush . Overall , am very dissatified with this product .
 Why do they call this ` orgasm ' ? Because all you see are sparkles ??? ugh.I am very pale , and have auburn/reddish hair . This color SHOULD in theory look pretty spiffy on me , but I ca n't get past the fact that it looks like a GLITTERBOMB exploded on my face . What the . . > ?!?!?!?!? And easy to overdo ? Yes indeed ! This blush is very very silky and soft ; use a light hand . You can always add more but woe be to anyone who overapplies it . You 'll look like a feverish clown!For us -LRB- ahem -RRB- older ladies , try the Deep Throat . Pretty much the same color , without the glitty garbage all over every pore on your face!UPDATE
 But do n't expect it to last for more than fifteen minutes-and that is giving it way more than it deserves !
 Amazon tricked me with this cologne , they advertised Ted by Ted Lapidus , which i used once before and was impressed with the scent , instead they sent me a bottle of LAPIDUS , which i had already in my collection at a cheaper price i got elsewhere . I just felt like i was duped big time with this purchase .
 i was looking for a shimmering gold color and got this instead . It 's a really bright orange/salmon color and its really unattractive . I only used a tiny bit and it made me look like i had pink eye . My advice , go into sephora and try these on before buying on line . I went in and exchanged this for a metallic shadow that was far better .
 I wanted to surprise my sister with this gift set for her birthday so I shipped it to her as an amazon gift . She was very happy with the gift set however , she only received four items in the set instead of five . It was missing the foot scrub . I 'm disappointed and returning is such a hassle ...
 I still have my 1.6 oz bottle of Lacoste pour homme that I purchased from Macy 's 6 years ago , and the difference between that and what I received -LRB- I got two 3.3 oz -RRB- is like night and day . The original I have from 6 years ago is strong , and wonderful smelling . I only need one spray and I can easily smell it on all parts I tagged . I tested both bottles I received against my original , and I can barely smell either of them at all even after three sprays . There 's a lingering trace of what Lacoste pour homme is supposed to be , but it is so weak -LRB- like it 's watered down heavily -RRB- that I am better off not wearing it at all.I contacted the seller today and if I hear back , I 'll update.In the meantime , I 'll check to see if Macy 's is still selling it and if it still smells like it 's supposed to .
 This cologne does not smell like the 20 other bottles of this cologne I have owned in the past ? I do n't know if it is old or got heated some way prior to delivery . I am disappointed in the scent .
 After using this , my hair looked 5 shades darker . And although it took away the frizz , it also dragged down my -LRB- air dried -RRB- curls , which I did not want .
 I see that you guys are not selling as much these days ?? What gives ? You think it might be the greedy $ 45 price you attached to it ? Naw , that could n't be it .
 I use the Philosophy 3-in-1 WITH CONDITIONER . It works great and keeps my hair luscious . The one time I accidentally bought a 3-in-1 that did n't have conditioner in it , my hair dried out after two washes and got horrible split ends . After only three applications I had to throw the bottle out . I lost more than an inch off the bottom of my hair . I do n't understand how their products can vary so widely in quality , but they do.This scent smells rather plastic ... sort of like I remember my worn out Lemon Meringue doll -LRB- from Strawberry Shortcake -RRB- smelled after I had it for a while .
 I 'm usually a Philosophy fan , but this one is disappointing . I can not believe this is supposedly award-winning ! It smells nothing like a powdered sugar cookie . It smells like some type of dishwashing liquid . It hardly has any sudsing power when used as a shower gel . Also , it does not make many bubbles when used as a bubble bath . They missed the mark here .
 Yuck ! I love Philosophy , but this smells terrible . It smells like really strong soap . I do n't get any hit of cookie in this . I was so disappointed when I opened the bottle . I thought that I got a defective bottle until I read other reviews . It smells bad enough that I will through it away . What a waste ! If you want a Philosophy product try any other scent , but not this one .
 I ca n't tell you how many times I almost bought this after seeing it on tv or online . The description sounded very tempting . I decided to smell it at a store though & so glad I did !! It smells NOTHING like a sugar cookie . The first thing that hit me was lemon . Now , do n't get me wrong , in the right way ... lemon could be nice . However , I actually pulled my head away in disgust , something I rarely do , at the smell . It literally smelled like lemon scented household cleaner . That sort of artificial chemical lemon smell . Nothing sweet or yummy about this !
 Ok really not like a sugar cookie . I think they left out the yellow dye lightened up the frozen lemon custard and put this name on it ! I got a sample of both and there was no difference in scent !
 I am a HUGE fan of Philosophy , I buy everything I can . But this item I am very disappointed about . It has a very odd smell , nothing sugar cookie about it ! It is the same great product , but the smell is not attractive . I hate to review this so low , because I am such a big fan of Philosophy products . But I would n't waste my money on this one . Sorry .
 I have been wanting to try a philosophy shower gel for quite some time . I took the plunge and ordered this as well as a couple of others for Christmas gifts . I was SO disappointed when I tried my new shower gel . It smells nothing like sugar cookies . It has more of a lemon cookie smell which was not what I was looking for at all . I can only hope that the other items that I purchased for gifts will have more realistic smells as they are described . I would hate for my gift recipients to be as disappointed as I was .
 This has to be the most deceptively named of all of the three-in-one products Philosophy has ever put out on the market . I have most of Philosophy 's scents and this one is truly mislabeled . Do n't think that you have gotten a defective batch when you first smell this product . Do n't think you should return it and get another bottle when instead of being greeted by a warm , buttery , baked-goods scent you are hit hard with the aroma of lemon-fresh toilet cleaner . Many of Philosophy 's scents -LRB- such as Cinnamon Buns , Senorita Margarita , Double Rich Hot Cocoa , Mint Chocolate Chip Ice Cream , etc. . . -RRB- smell much like their namesake . . or are , at least , believable . And if used in your hair , unlike most of the three-in-ones , this one will leave an after-fragrance . You 've been warned . Since these products are fairly expensive , I would strongly advise trying another scent ... unless , of course , you like to smell like a lemon fresh toilet .
 The Case Deserves Four Stars But I Paid $ 89.00 At Yazmo And They Have It On Clearance For $ 49.00 Plus Good Prices On A Large Selection Of Cases !
 Replaced Oil of Olay Regenerest -LRB- 25.00 -RRB- with this product and after 5 weeks ran to the drugstore for more Oil of Olay . Did not work at all for me .
 It was O.K. but not great . I did n't really notice any change in my skin , but as a moisturizer it works fine .
 I 've tried so many different skin care products and find this Relastinto be O.K. but not what I was hoping for ... I need a lot of moisture and am alergic to a lot of products being fair and having rosacea . It does n't irritate my skin but as far as helping it , I did n't see any difference using it.I just discovered Shea Butter and have found it much more moisturizingand does not irritate my skin as I thought it might .
 The box of Relastin arrived in an unsealed box that was obviously old and the product inside had been used . Disgusting ! I returned the item and was issued a refund . I would not recommend purchasing from this vendor .
 when I recieved this product I was very excited . I really was hoping for the this is it cream , but I was truly dissapointed . To begin with , it is very oily to my skin and i can tell that there is a lot of chemicals in this `` fragance free '' cream . I felt like I was smelling public pools -LRB- my husband felt the same way as I. I can not tell you whether this cream works or not because when a applied it for the first time , it felt TERRIBLE on my face that I was discouraged .
 Order was received not complete - shorted 5 boxes . No communication with order received . No phone number to contact custome service .
 The idea is fun , but the package is a bit too basic , the soap does not look like make from good material . For $ 6 , I expect it will be more elegant or pack it like a gift item . No just a bar of soap !
 I noticed that there is , at the time of writing this review , one `` used '' butt face soap available for sale . Thank you kind sir , or madam , but I 'll pass on your used butt face soap .
 This is not the bar of soap you will get . You will get the same kind everyone else is selling . ALL white on one side -LRB- inclusing letters -RRB- and all brown on the other side -LRB- inclduing letters -RRB-
 Nexus used to be my favorite hair product brand because they used high quality ingredients that did wonders for my hair . But in the last 3 years they have repeatedly tampered with their formulas to cheapen their products and still charge high prices.I used to love Therapee shampoo , Humectress conditioner , some of their mouses . Therapee and Humectress used to be made of high quality ingredients -LRB- the shampoo was almost foamless and lightweight and amazingly nourishing while the conditioner used to be thick and hydrating -RRB- . Then they changed the formula about three years ago to cheapen it . Now it appears that this year they have cheapened it even worse . It 's just cheap grocery store quality stuff now , not worth the price they are charging for something that is no longer salon quality.As soon as I tried this recent version of the conditioner it gave me an huge rash on my neck.Google all the complaints on the internet on how many customers feel lied to when they think they 're buying the same products they 've used for years . Basically they have kept the same names on their products but completely changed the ingredients , misleading customers , into believing it 's the same product . None of their products are the same as they were 3 years ago.Many of the reviews on Amazon are from BEFORE Nexus started selling mediocre products in place of the wonderful stuff they used to produce .
 It did n't work well . Not enough heat or steam . Hair got stuck in it . I sent it back . They were excellent on the return and my credit . Thank you !
 I chose this rating because the product could not steam flat a paper bag . I have been looking for a steam iron for awhile like an old one I used to have and thought I found it but not in this .
 I purchased this to dye my black eyebrows , hoping it would turn medium brown , or at least dark brown . I followed the instructions and left it in for 5-7 minutes . I did n't show any difference , so I tried again and same happened . I have sensitive skin so it irritated . On the plus side , it was easy to mix . It would probably work for blond eyebrows .
 I am a regular user of Aura Cacia products , and have never been disappointed -- until using this . I typically use Aura Cacia Almond Oil after shower to keep my skin moisturized . I tried the Grapeseed Oil on a whim , and ended up throwing away the bottle before it was gone . This product left a horrible gunky buildup on both my skin and the tub , and did not provide the moisturizing that the almond oil -LRB- or any other skin care product -RRB- provides . I am terribly disappointed , and still trying to figure out how to get the mess out of my tub and how to remove the discoloration from my skin . Go with the almond oil instead !
 The photo is not true to the size of the gloss . It is probably half the size -LRB- maybe even a little less -RRB- compared to the bag . A little disappointing since it is quite expensive . I probably would have returned it if I had seen it before my sister opened it for Christmas .
 We bought 3 of these products for Xmas presents . We were extremely disappointed , to say the least . We decided that it would be to embarassing to give away . For a third of the price , they might have been worth it .
 Straightening gel ? it made my curly and frizzy hair more curly and frizzy . May be my hair is so curly and strong to hold this gel instead of this gel holding my hair . I am not satisfied at all .
 Straightening gel ? it made my curly and frizzy hair more curly and frizzy . May be my hair is so curly and strong to hold this gel instead of this gel holding my hair . I am not satisfied at all .
 I must have very sensitive eyes , because I am having a negative reaction to this product . I used Clinique and L'Oreal and Estee Lauder eye makeup remover without issue , but for some reason with this product , my eyes itch , water for several hours , and just generally feel swollen and uncomfortable . I thought at first that it was just because I changed product , but I 've been using it for over a week now , and sadly , my eyes continue to be red and irritated . It does easily remove all of my eye makeup , so in that regard , it works well and does what it 's supposed to , but it causes such irritation , I can not continue to use the product .
 Lady in the shop strongly recommended it , so I took her word for it . Turns out it 's only a remover for regular make-up , NOT WATERPROOF . It does n't say that on the bottle anywhere . I use Mac eyeliner , and it does n't take it off at all ... it merely smears it . Be sure to buy it only if your make-up is waterproof . Otherwise , yes , it 's gentle . And the remover foams if you rub it for a while ... you can basically use it to take off your foundation , too .
 The worst make up remover I ever tried . It 's not gentle at all . It does n't worst money I payed for it . My eyes still hurt . Forget about it if you wear waterproof make up
 I purchased this soap in part because of the good reviews for Canus products and partly because I had tried goat milk soap -LRB- another brand -RRB- and loved it . This soap is a generous sized bar , lathers well , at a good price . The problem is the fragrance - it 's so strong that I will not be using it - and I bought a 12-bar package . Very disappointing ; I will go back to Kirk 's castile soap which is very mild , lathers nicely , nominal cost , and no unpleasantly strong fragrance .
 I have been using this shampoo for years first in Europe , then in the US through Amazon . However , I was very surprised when I got my shampoo a couple of weeks ago from this seller in particular . The shampoo does n't smell the same , the color of the actual shampoo is darker and the consistency is thinner than the original shampoo . I have no idea where this seller got the product from , however it is not an original RF shampoo . I am very disappointed and will not buy from the same seller again .
 I paid good $ 22 for this shampoo hoping it will lessen my hair thinning . I am in my early 20 's . My hair started fall off since 3 months ago , in desperation and with all-so-good reviews about this product , I bought it and used it for about a month now .1 . It made my scalp itchy2 . Feels like my hair thinning got worse , not better at all3 . Too expensive4 . Just did not do any good to my hairMy hair is black , typical asian hair , medium coarse , shoulder length.I do not recommend this product , I am going to try Nioxin system 1 .
 I ordered this soap in hopes that the Neem content would be sufficient to treat some of my skin conditions . However , when I used it on my face , it made me break out in a rash and terrible acne . Do not recommend .
 This soap smells so terrible that I had to quit using it after only the second try . I saved the bar for a while until I figured out the SOAP was what was making my bathroom smell so awful !
 I had to use a drug store sold anti fungus cream . The 20 % of neem oil in this soap did not even begin to kill my skin fungus
 I know it is a bit early for a review but I just can help myself , I just got the soap yesterday . In the other reviews that I have seen for this product a lot of people kept say how bad the soap smelled , but in my opinion the smell was not that bad at all . It smelled like peanuts but it 's nothing to over the top . That is all I can say about the product for now . I will write a review on the results in regards to my acne in a couple of weeks.October 15th Update !!! To update you guys on my opinion of this product , I found it to be just okay , not great , not good but okay
 This was not helpful to my irritated skin at all . I felt dirtier after I showered than before I got in the shower . Although it came properly packaged , and was expediently shipped . I will not buy this product .
 I couldnt get past the smell , and my girlfriend couldnt either . . I didnt use it long enough to tell if it worked or not b/c i smell was just too much .
 The lid to the spray was taped on with packaging tape . When I took the tape off , it took all of the silver decorative lining off the cap . This was a gift that was last minute so I did n't have time to return it . I had to replace the lid with one I had from another product . Oh , and I smelled it and thought it was stinky . Guess Lily of the Valley is a personal preference .
 Never have recieved this shipment . Wrote asking what happened to it and never got a reply ... NOT a good experiance . Qould n't allow me to do zero stars ...
 Another reviewer had said it was not the same color . I did n't see how this could be , so ordered it . It is Pepto Pink and too thin even with a couple of coats?This has been a favorite color for me at salons and has a slight purple hue to it . But not the bottle I purchased ??
 I bought this item from a local beauty supply store . I had several problems w / the flat iron . First , my hair is fairly long , and when I would slide the hair along the plate , hairs would get caught between the plate and the plastic that held the plate , breaking the hairs . It did n't matter how big or small the section of hair was , some would get caught.Second , the iron completely stopped working after about six months . It was if the `` on '' switch stopped working . Setting the appliance to `` on '' did n't cause the power light to come on , and the appliance did n't heat up . I sent the appliance back to Helen of Troy , only for them to tell me they did n't have a replacement model in stock , and they could n't tell me when they * would * have on in stock . They did n't tell me this until 4 weeks after I sent them the item for replacement.Long story short , save your money , buy a different appliance !
 This was the wrong product for my wife , so it was returned for a refund . The refund amount credited was incorrect and there started my trek for help . Multiple emails to Amazon with no resolution -LRB- even though Amazon acknowledged the error -RRB- . The agent at the 1-866-464-8787 phone number said they could NOT help me . Called 800-201-7575 and was connected to a NON-native English-speaking agent in INDIA . She was finally able to help me after a week or two of unproductive calls and emails . However , I barely could understand what she was saying . Only her follow-up email -LRB- thank you ! -RRB- allowed me to understand . My suggestion
 Yikes . I was so surprised at the size of the bottle . I had no idea it would be that small for the price . The scent is nice but I would not reorder .
 I wrote a negative review about 2 months regarding this product and Philosophy deleted it . No fragrance to speak of a bottle of gel too small and does n't lather up well . .
 This colonge is way too strong and it seems old . I 'm not sure but what I have smelled on other men smells nothing like this one does . It just seems like it is outdated or old .
 A little too drying for my taste and the lid keeps coming off . Color is okay .
 not worth the buy ... its ok . but it makes my hair greasy i dont see any glass affect . just makes it gross def disapointed in the brand for this . i have used garnier products that work better .
 Paul Mitchell Gloss Drops give an extra shine boost to your hair and they smell great , but there 's a big problem with this product . Gloss Drops weighs down fine hair with a greasy coating and ruins a potentially good look . Even without fine hair , any more than 1 - 2 drops of this product can weigh your hair and make it extremely oily even if you have naturally dry hair . With Awapuhi Wild Ginger Styling Oil -LRB- another Paul Mitchell product -RRB- on the market , Gloss Drops is n't really worth your time , unless you have extremely thick long or coarse hair .
 This does not work any better than other items of the same type I have tried . Cost for item does not match results .
 I thought this product might be the answer , but it 's not , at least not for me . Maybe I should have bought the related product that states it 's specifically for calluses , but some of the reviews indicated this product worked well on calluses . I do n't find that it does . It works well on the heel area , but not anywhere else on the bottom of my foot . The buffer itself is well crafted , very sturdy and cleans up easily . However , for the steep price , I ca n't highly recommend it .
 Its a nice item to show off . It looks pretty . However it is is useless ! . Yes , it can scrape a bit of callus here or there but it takes LOT of time , energy and patience.After using it for 2 weeks , I started usingBario Electric Callus Remover . Use this machine . Its pure magic and does in 5 minutes , what the above buffer will do in 2 weeks!I am returning the buffer to amazon .
 All these amazing reviews I was sure I 'd found the best product in self tan . This stuff goes on instantly which is nice , the color is good and the smell is nice but there is no permanence to this stuff . I did all kinds of things to make sure I was totally dry and everything and the tan stuff still got over everything I had . Also I got splashed by water and it instantly came off . I really tried every trick convinced I was doing something wrong with all these amazing reviews but seriously have never found a more useless self tanner . I noticed the tanners it was being compared to and I also tried those as well . Of all the MANY MANY tanners I have tried St. Tropez -LRB- step 3 lotion -RRB- is by far the best one .
 Maybe the bubbles will last , but have you read the ingredients ? There is nothing moisturizing about it . And I can only imagine the harm it is causing on the inside . I only use all natural or nearly natural products now and because of another reviewer on here I too visited WendyLou 's Natural Bath and have been so pleased with all her products . I use her milk baths , lotions and soaps . My kids use them as well and its comforting knowing that they are all natural .
 Silly and Useless . There is nothing practical about it , and I only got it to make my order go above the $ 25 dollar mark to be able to get free shipping . I was hoping that my wife could at least use it , but she ended up throwing it in the trash after less than a minute . Only buy if your trying to save on the shipping .
 What a waste . I ordered this for a pretty specific purpose.I never seem to have a pen in my car for endorsing checks , signing recipts , ect . Also , am really working on growing long beautiful nails . So this seamed perfect , especially for the price . Boy was I bummed . I opened it up and immediately `` tested '' it on a spare piece of paper . Would not write at all . Useless . As a nail tool i suppose it is ok for an emergency fix , but since the pen doesnt work you really might as well buy a full sized mani tool that is designed for only that purpose . I was very disapointed . Also , supprised no one has mentioned how incredibly TINY the `` file '' part of this too is . It would not work for filing your nails . just for fixing a snag , and i would think you would have to replace it rather quickly . If I can find another pen which will fit this cap it would be awesome . otherwise a waste of money , even if it wasnt muc
 This note of alert is intended for those who care
 I have been happy with all purchases I have made except this one . I ordered the regular goats milk soap and got the one made with vegetable oil . I had already opened it so I did n't return it but do not like the product at all . I am scared to order again in fear of getting the wrong product again .
 Although this soap does appear to get rave reviews , I have a problem with the fact that it is not ALL vegetable based contains -LRB- Tallow -RRB- and it contains preservatives -LRB- DMDM Hydantoin-which releases formaldehyde into the product !! -RRB- . Luckily , through my searching I have found WendyLou 's Natural Milk Baths and Soaps . They are homemade , with the glycerin still retained and are all natural based with either essential oils or fragrance added . I have very dry skin and her soaps feel so moisturizing and have a great lather , plus its nice to know I am using something chemical free .
 Bought this product for my wife . She uses this product all the time , but was tired of the high price the retail store was charging . So , decided to shop the internet . This product was priced right and delivery was quick , however , when my wife opened this product the gel had a strong OLD smell to it ... She was n't happy !!!! I went to the high priced retail store and bought her a new tube and it was fresh with no OLD ODER . Probably should return the two tubes we purchased ... BUT WHAT A HASSEL !!
 I bought this thinking it was Energy Glow , which I loveand is very soothing to sensitive skin . What I got wasGo Fresh , which is horrible ! It has little `` beads '' thatscratch your skin . The grapefruit extract in it is acidicand drying to the skin . I hope people who loved EnergyGlow will write to Dove and complain that the producthas been discontinued in favor of this horrible alternative.If you have sensitive skin , forget Go Fresh !!!
 I made the mistake of buying a 6 pack that was half off at my local grocery store . After trying one bar I see why it was half off.What the heck was Dove thinking by putting what feels like sand paper in this soap ? I felt like I was rubbing sandpaper grit on my hands when I tried it.Fire the idiot who developed it Dove . The only good thing about it is the citrus scent , nothing else .
 I bought several tubes of this last summer , and it worked great . We got to this summer , however , and when we tried to use it , the white minerals were all separated from the clear fluid , and it was impossible to use -LRB- just big long clumps that wo n't rub in -RRB- . We had it stored in our cooled garage .
 We bought this product on line and since we use a lot of sunblock , purchased four of them . We tried it on our kids , and found that it went on in clumps , and then it fell off the minute the kids went into the water . My wife threw out the first two she tried , without telling me she did that . When I tried applying some from the third one to my kids , I had the same experience , but I called the company . They refused to refund us on the two we threw out -LRB- which I suppose is their right , even if it is bad customer service -RRB- , but offered replacements , not refunds , on the remaining two . Their only excuse for the poor quality was that the product must have been exposed to heat in shipping.So I suppose the take-a-way is that you should n't buy this product if it was ever in a truck in a warm climate during the shipping process . I guess that means you should n't buy it at all , since that must happen all the time !!
 Since Fendi is hard to find and has an outrageous price if you do , I got this thinking I would like it and it might be reminiscent of the original Fendi . Just too heavy for young up to middle aged women .
 I have been using this product for several weeks now , and I dont see one bit of difference in the appearance of my skin . Flaws are still visible and when I put my liquid to powder foundation on top of it , all my dry skin flakes up terribly . My very cheap moisturizers work just as well , if not better . Only good thing is that it is lightweight and has a nice scent .
 i bought this item on september 5 , 2010 and still it says waiting to be shipped . it did not say on the item that there would be any delays on the shipping and i have sent 3 emails regarding the status and no reply , none whatsoever , i think i bought an item with this merchant awhile back and i think i got it fast but i need to know whats going on with the item i bought . any reply would be helpful since i am not getting any replies with me emailing them .
 i ordered lancome miracle here at amazon and the seller is AAA merchant i think , when i got it its not what i expected the smell is like alcohol i dont know if its fake , , nothing compare to dolce and gabbana light blue . . you wont notice its smell unless you sniff it closer ... < ... > is still the best when it comes to perfume .
 THIS , WAS A TOTALLY FIASCO , THE ORIGINAL AROMA OF MIRACLE BY LANCOME , IS UNFORGGETTABLE , BUT PRODUCT THAT WAS SENT TO ME WAS JUST A FAKE I ` WILL NEVER BUY AGAIN ANY PERFUME ONLINE , IT WAS A VERY BAD IDEA.I THINK THE NAME OF THE COMPANY WHERE I GOT IT FROM WAS , SOFT PINK OR SOMETHING LIKE THAT .
 When I got this product it was not what was pictured for sale , it was totally different and did not smell right .
 I do n't know what the hype is all about . This gloss stinks . Too sheer , no color at all , no staying power and sticky . Not what I 'm looking for in a lip gloss . Waste of money .
 I got no plumping whatsoever , the scent is odd , and the color is disgusting . It looks like transparent gloss in the picture , but it 's not . Once applied , it almost looks like white lipstick from the 60 's .
 Overall , I am not happy with this kit.I have been a loyal customer of emerge lab products and have had a facial and hot stone massage at their metamorphosis spa in NYC ... which I loved and would recommend . I enjoy their azulene toner -LRB- not part of this product review -RRB- . But ... I was deeply disappointed with this kit . Ok , so here are my issues ... One , they changed the formulation of their acne cleanser ... which I once loved and now I hate . It used to be light , transparent green liquid cleanser that smelled delightful ... like the sea ... so refreshing . It was very easy to apply and lathered well ... and cleared up my acne . That was the old formula ! The new formula is a creamy looking neon green chemically smelling horrid paste . It is difficult to lather and apply -- very thick and sticky . It just does not work at all . To add insult to injury , the drying lotion burns when applied and actually caused scarring on my skin.On the bright side -LRB- yes there is one -RRB- , I would give 4 stars to the acne clearing gel which contains glycolic acid and has helped with clearing up my skin -LRB- although I still break out -RRB- . It comes in a very handy glass pump and I enjoy using it and would repurchase . I would recommend purchasing separately and not part of this kit.Hope this review is helpful .
 Within 3 days the compact fell apart and crumbled , however the other pressed products that I carry in the same case are still together , and not completely crumbled , so I know it was not how I was carrying it , but that this product is not a good one .
 I bought this product after reading Sharon Stone used it . I have oily , acne prone skin and need a gentle but effective facial cleanser . I am switching to La Roche Posay which seems to work better for me .
 THE EYELINER ITSELF IS FINE , BUT THE DESCRIPTION AS `` TAUPE '' IS MISLEADING . THE COLOR REALLY IS `` COCOA '' AND NOT TAUPE . AFTER RECEIVING IT , I REALIZED IT IS TOO DARK . APPARENTLY REVLON HAS DISCONTINUED THE `` TAUPE '' COLOR , BECAUSE IT IS NOWHERE TO BE FOUND . BUT THE EYELINER I RECEIVED IS `` COCOA '' COLORED , TOO DARK , AND MISLABLED ON YOUR SITE
 First off , let me say that every Alpha Hydrox product I have tried , I have absolutely loved . I call the souffle ` face crack ' because I am addicted to it . I used the moisturizer as part of my morning routine , after applying the souffle . Unfortunately , this product did not work well for me . I 'm not sure what ingredients my skin objected to , but I developed an odd red rash on my temple and upper lip . I did n't want to attribute the skin problems to this moisturizer , but after I stopped using it and went back to my usual face cream , my rash disappeared . Again , because I did n't want to give up on the product , I tried it for a couple of days and my skin became irritated and reddened . I even used it without the souffle -LRB- which has 12 % AHA -RRB- and it still caused a rash . Also , the weight of the product was a little less sheer or silky than I would have liked .
 I bought this moisturizer for the name brand , as Shisheido is famous for the quality of its products.I was predisposed to like it , however it did not work for me . My skin is oily , but the lotion did not moisturize it enough.I also noticed that after I received it , it only had 3 weeks of life left . That was a major blow.So , half of the product ended up in the garbage can.Will never buy it again .
 I do n't feel the product moisturing or balancing the skin .
 THE EYELINER ITSELF IS FINE , BUT THE DESCRIPTION AS `` TAUPE '' IS MISLEADING . THE COLOR REALLY IS `` COCOA '' AND NOT TAUPE . AFTER RECEIVING IT , I REALIZED IT IS TOO DARK . APPARENTLY REVLON HAS DISCONTINUED THE `` TAUPE '' COLOR , BECAUSE IT IS NOWHERE TO BE FOUND . BUT THE EYELINER I RECEIVED IS `` COCOA '' COLORED , TOO DARK , AND MISLABLED ON YOUR SITE
 Arpege perfume Package arrived on time . The perfume arrived and it was very hot . This affected the smell of the product . I will not order perfume this way again . It should have been sent with cold packs . Perfume smells old and rancid . I wasted my money on this product .
 Would you purchase a bottle of perfume or cologne knowing that 2/3 would be wasted ? That is exactly what happened to me after my last 3 purchases of this item . There is a design flaw in the bottle . It clogs , and there is NOTHING you can do to get it to emit perfume . Cool water , hot water , vinegar , needles , nothing worked . Obviously , there is something wrong -- for even the cheapest of perfumes have nozzles that work . I have purchased several other well known fragrances -LRB- Chanel No 5 , Joy , Narcissus Noir , etc -RRB- , without mishap -- but Arpege remains a turkey . I wrote to the manufacturer ... twice ... they have not even bothered to respond . Three strikes , you 're out ! Adios Arpege !
 amazon 's description of this item states that the ingredient is salicylic acid ?? I do n't remember this perfume being made up of that but I 'm not going to puchase it because of their description .
 I 've worn Arpege for many years . What a wonderful scent . But the bottle of Arpege I received from Amazon.com was n't as pictured -LRB- it was black , not clear -RRB- , and the smell was different
 I have been hoping that Arpege would become available again . I had enjoyed it for years . There is no other fragrance that comes close for me . Imagine my happiness when I discovered that it is available on the internet . I ordered it and could hardly wait for it to arrive all the while thinking that if it 's a knockoff it 's not going to be the same as the original , but I was hopeful anyway . When it arrived I was so disappointed to say the least . It 's named Arpege but that 's the only thing that is like the original . It 's nothing like the original , nothing at all , and besides that it does n't even have a pleasing fragrance of it 's own . I really wonder how people get away with this . DO N'T BUY IT !!
 After trying the KP Duty Moisturizing Therapy and being very disappointed , I decided to try the scrub . As was the case with the moisturizer , the scrub has not relieved my KP at all . The only positive thing I have to say is that my skin does feel slightly softer after using the scrub . However , to maintain this softness , I have to use the scrub at least 3x a week , which is more than the recommended 1 - 2x a week . I still have KP and after using this tub for approximately 2 months now , it has n't been worth the money or the promise of eliminating KP . I am very disappointed and truly wanted and expected this product to work .
 I thought this was my answer to my KP , but ... it was n't ! it does make my skin a little smoother , but it 's not enough to go , ooooh!Don ' t buy it , save your money .
 I tried Derma Doctor about six months ago and followed the directions to the `` t '' , and used the entire bottle , it did not make any difference for my skin . I was surprised because I actually read about it in Cosmopolitan . I was really disappointed just because it was so expensive . I 'm going to try something else .
 This did make my skin a lot smoother , but I think that has more to do with the fact that I was using scrub and moisturizer regularly rather than this particular scrub and moisturizer . Using the Bath & Body Works regular scrub and regular body lotion seemed to do just as good of a job . The bumps were just as red as they always have been . When I bought this a few months ago , most of the reviews were so-so . But the dermatologist recommended it to me , so I bought it anyway . I wo n't buy it again , because it is very expensive and I went through the lotion so fast for how expensive it is .
 I have bumps on the back of my legs , people told me its from shaving and tight clothes you get ingrown hairs , so I stopped both and had no luck . Then someone told I had keratosis pilaris , aka chicken skin . Then I found this cure , supposedly . Well 40 dollars later and a month after using it I am not impressed . I will say it made my skin smoother and it lightened it a tad bit but this is as good as any other exfoliator and is not worth 40 dollars .
 This is a horrible mascara - i have better luck with Cover Girl Lash Blast and Maybeline Great Lengths mascaras . This apparently has ` fibers ' that help lengthen your lashes - i followed the very precise directions to a T , and all it resulted in was a very watery application that got all over the place . We were 20 minutes late for our date b/c i had to take all of my eye makeup off to reapply all of my makeup ! I 've NEVER had to do that before . I use both drug store and brands like DIOR and Lancome - this mascara is horrible and definitely NOT worth the $ $ $ $ that you pay for it . Save your money for DIOR SHOW or get a few tubes of Lash Blast ... do n't waste your money .
 I only bought this because finding dark brown mascara is almost impossible for us fair-skinned girls who find black too harsh . Well , I 'm not impressed one bit . This goes on like a smeary mess -LRB- and god help you if you have to sneeze during application -RRB- and barely shows up on my lashes . Adds no length or volume that I can see . Was not impressed with the staying power either . Honestly , I 've had much better success with cheap drugstore mascaras .
 There is a lot of hype surrounding this mascara . As a first-time user , here is my break down : Pros : Good staying power -LRB- you have to let it dry out well -RRB- It does come off just with warm waterCons : It is NOT true medium brownIt provides more length than volumeIMHO , this is an `` ok '' mascara . Not worth the price and hype . I have tried cheaper mascaras that deliver far better results .
 Terrible product - it flakes off in tiny bits shortly after application and I will never buy it again . Would not recommend it at all .
 I purchased this fragrance in January 2010 after having used the same for more than two years . I still had some of the old one left , and only got to open this in May . To my greatest shock , it absolutely does n't smell like the Lanvin I was used to . It smells like alcohol , and after a minute or two it has a faint but strange chemical smell , which is completely different from what Lanvin L'Homme used to be . I bought this directly from Amazon , not from a third-party dealer , and I 'd like to think that Amazon does not sell fakes . Still , it 's either that -LRB- which means that some wholesaler distributes fakes to Amazon 's warehouse -RRB- or Lanvin has gone down the hill big time . This is a serious quality issue , and I guess I 'll switch to something else , even though I really liked this fragrance .
 It was such a small amount for the price . Not sure that it was worth it . It did come quickly and well packed so can not complain about that .
 I bought this to give as a gift but then kept it because the contents look and feel cheap . Not much of the cream product either . Overpriced for what you get . I should have sent it back , but did n't want to waste more money on the postage .
 First off , this does n't smell like Tuberose . None of the sweet , intoxicating tuberose smell I am used to , but rather a fresh , `` green '' smell . Not unpleasant , but not tuberose . It also smells a bit chemical , like this was entirely created in the lab , no natural extracts.Perhaps more importantly , the smell has no staying power . It vanished from my skin within 3 hours . That is definitely not something I expect from a perfume . Sure , a cologne or an oil , but not perfume.It also has a weird consistency for a perfume
 Used the perfume oil for years ... thought spray would bea nice change . Use Rain and the spray does not have the samesent . Do not like it at all .
 While I do like the way this smells , I was a little disappointed that it does n't last very long . I buy a lot of perfume oils because I have sensitive skin and I ca n't wear perfume that has alcohol in it . The advantage to oils rather than traditional perfumes is that the fragrance lasts a lot longer , but with this one , I could n't smell it anymore after about an hour . Also , it 's a bit expensive for the size , especially since it does n't have any staying power .
 Perhaps this fragrance is aptly named as the `` Rain '' seems to have washed all the fragrance away.Despite a number of `` Spritzs '' there is absolutely no scent.Sorry to say .
 I really enjoy this fragrance , however , this time no such luck . It smelled somewhat like what I use to use -LRB- china musk -RRB- but it seemed less concentrated . Also , the bottles were leaking and I ended with half filled bottles . Oh one more thing , they were both suppose to be sealed , but with one of the bottles , the seal had a tiny pin hole in it and the other had no seal at all ... I will not be reordering or even wearing this ...
 It is does n't smell at all , i bought this oil by mistake and i do n't understand for what i paid such money
 Maybe for you younger girls this is the product , but I am 68 and my lashes seem to be thinning out , so I thought this was the answer to my problem . Not so . For the price , it did n't do anything better than my most favorite mascara -LRB- Almay Thickening Mascara -RRB- . The Blinc primer I really do like because I can use it with regular mascara . I wo n't be buying the Blinc Mascara again . I hope it works for you better than it does for me ! k
 I have been using this for several weeks and I find it comparable to Neutrogena acne treatments I can purchase at Wal-Mart . It really dries my face out , so I have to use it sparingly . I wish I had n't fell for the hype !
 To be honest , this product did n't work for my acne . If I used it on entire face , then the face gets really dry and itchy . Then I tried on spots only . But it did nothing to reduce acne . Sorry , did n't work for me .
 IT WILL CAUSE ALLERGIC REACTION , IF YOU ARE NOT SURE WETHER YOUR SKIN CAN HANDLE IT OR NOT , DONT GET IT
 After reading the reviews from the other users , and looking at the price , I decided to try this product out . At first , it seemed to be doing fine , but after about a week of using it , I did n't notice any difference in my hair . Also , that great smell started making me nauseous.I 'm sure for most people it would do well and I like classic products such as these , but I guess it did n't work out for me.If you 're curious about this product , give it a shot . It wo n't cost you an arm-and-a-leg and you can see whether it works for you .
 Product arrived considerably later than other items I had ordered . I applied it to my wet hair afer showering and disliked it immediately ! It 's heavy and barely scented . The scent itself lasts only minutes . The paste is much lighter on my hair and its scent lasts for hours ! Wet your palm before adding the paste -LRB- tiny dab -RRB- and then rub in . Holds well and smells fresh and healthy .
 I had this on my nails for 3 days when they started to really hurt and turn blue . When I took the polish off , my nails looked bruised . It felt like needles had punctured the nail bed . I do think the product is so heavy it cuts off all circulation and oxygen to the nails . My nails are on the thin side , so perhaps that is why I had that reaction , but I assume most people using this product have thin nails . Use with caution !!
 Do not buy it , it is a waste of money , it does n't work at all , my nail are still fragile !!!!
 Well first I should say that I bought this stuff and when it got to my house the bottle had been opened and all the polish spilled out into the box . I could n't even get the bottle out of the box . I got amazon to give me a refund for it . When I finally did get it out I saw there was a little left so I put some on my nails . Now when I read some people saying it burned I thought they crazy and being over dramatic . I thought `` How can nail polish burn your nails ? '' And it did n't burn my nails but I guess I got a little on my finger and OMG !!!!! After a few seconds I realized that my finger was burning . And it hurt so so so so bad . I know they say put in on everyday for a week but I do n't think I can handle the pain .
 I 'm really not sure how to rate this product . First , I could n't keep it on . Some days , I would put as many as 3 coats on and it would peel right off . I finally gave up after 2 weeks . But , the next month my nails grew out longer than normal and looked pretty healthy with white tips at the ends . I decided to start painting again with rejuvacote , until my nails started breaking off , like normal . I have n't used it since . Not only that , is anyone concerned that there is formaldehyde in it ?
 For more than 10 years I had acrylic nails on a very consistent basis . I did n't think I could survive without `` my nails '' and while at first it felt a little weird , and I had to suffer through having ugly hands for a few months , I discovered Nail Envy -LRB- I know this is a review for Rejuvacote , I 'm getting to that part ;-RRB- After applying 2 coats of Nail Envy every day for about 3 or 4 months my nails looked better than I ever imagined they could ! Unfortunately , after running out of my Nail Envy and searching several nearby stores for it I went back to my hair salon -LRB- which is where I originally purchased it -RRB- my hairdresser reccommended Rejuvacote because they too were also out of my coveted Nail Envy and assured me I would love it just as much as the Nail Envy , if not more ! She could very well be right , unfortunately , I will never know because I ca n't handle the pain of having it on my nails any longer ! Like one of the other reviewers I had a very similar reaction to the product . Within 30-45 minutes I developed unbelievable pain in my fingers , finger tips and underneath my nail beds . I know , you 're probably thinking I 'm a big baby and that a FINGER could n't possibly hurt THAT BAD , trust me , IT CAN ! The only thing I can compare it to was prior experiences at the nail salon in which it felt as if they had maybe put some of my new acryllic nails on `` too tight '' . If any of you have ever experienced this , the feeling I got after using the Rejuvacote was very similar but probably 10x worse and with the additional feeling of sharp objects being shoved underneath my finger nails . I 'm 99 % certain that it was the Rejuvacote specifically because aprox 10 mins after taking the product off with polish remover the pain completely went away . I also tried the product again a few days later just to see if it was a one time thing , but again , I had the exact same experience . I could maybe understand if I had very weak or damaged nails that perhaps allowed the product to penetrate through where it should n't thus causing the pain but I do n't believe that is the case here . As I have had not had acryllic nails on for close to 9 months and also never had this problem with Nail Envy or any other product . My thinking is that Rejuvacote either caused some sort of allergic reaction within me or perhaps is so `` heavy '' that it suffocates the nail beds and thats what maybe causes the pain.I 'm sure not everyone will have this issue and from other reviews I 've read it seems to be a product that really works , I just wanted to advise others that this COULD possibly happen to them as well and what to do if it does .
 This product does not work . My nails did grow a little but then would split and easy break off . Not to mention the brown spots that developed under my nails . It looked like under my nails were bleeding and then the blood dried . My nails started to hurt after about a week.In addition , I had to reapply it several times a day as it kept coming off . I definately would not recommend this product .
 # 1 . It has FARMALDEHUYDE ! Per WebMD
 I am very disappointed by this product . It MIGHT strengthen my nails if it were to stay on them ! I followed the instructions and after putting on the initial base coat , it said to reapply a top coat every other day . Well the base coat was chipping by the end of the first day , and topping it off with a top coat just made it chip more . VERY DISAPPOINTED ! I was really hopeful after reading the other reviews , but now I am just convinced that there is no hope for my nails - especially not this !
 I never heard of this product until I saw someone on youtube use it & she recommended it . So I tried it . After for using it for a week , I noticed that my nails kept breaking . It never happened to me before when I used other products . So I stopped using Rejuvacote .
 This is one instance where I hate to say that the customer reviews on Amazon led me wrong . This product did n't work for me at all simply because it did n't stay put ; it peeled off in sheets . I even tried applying it right after I used nail polish remover to ensure a smooth , clean nail surface . Same problem . I wear gloves when I wash dishes , but this stuff could n't even make it through a normal daily shower without peeling off . Ridiculous ! I do n't know if the product has been reformulated or what , but it just does n't work for me . I 'll be switching back to Nail Envy by OPI and returning this stuff a.s.a.p.
 When I was getting my acrylic nails removed at the salon , my nail artist reccomended this product . I put a coat on when i got home and a few minutes later , I was in so much pain on my nails and finger tips it was unbelievable ! I do n't know if it was that my nails were so thin from the acrylic that the polish seeped through and irratated me under my nails or what but it was bad ! The pain was indescribable ! It was burning and stung and was sore all at once ! I want strong , long nails so badly , but now I 'm afraid to try anything else !
 I have been using this product for many years and when I had to order on line from these people I was thrilled to get it . Unfortunately the product does n't work like all the other I have used . It does n't work like the other I have used . My nails are in terrible shape for the first time in 6 years . I also have never paid more than $ 8.00 per bottle .
 I applied one coat late at night . By the time I was ready to leave the house in the morning , it was already peeling and chipping off . Not likely to do any rejuvanating if it wo n't stay on !!!
 As of now ... I still have had no results with this product . I have used it exactly the way the directions were written on package ... still no results ... I will give it more time . The nails have not grown at all . What am I doing wrong ?????
 I tried this after removing acrylic nails because of the terrific reviews . About 5 min after applying , my nail beds began to burn with intense discomfort . I thought this was just the product working , but the discomfort increased to PAIN and I finally had to remove the polish . Noticed red marks on the nail bed almost like the skin underneath was getting a chemical burn or something . I could not tolerate this product . A few days later I tried it as just a topcoat over normal polish , thinking my nails were just too thin from acrylic damage . Same reaction ; about 5 min later intense burning began . Maybe it was because my nails were damaged from the acrylics , but is n't that what this is advertised for ? Since my experience , I have read other reviews of others having the same experience . I know it works great for most , but for some of us we have a reaction to something in this . I stick with Nail Aid now ; no pain and good results .
 When I opened the box of Laura Eau de Toilette , I found that the liquid wasabout three inches from the top of the bottle . Looked like a used bottleand smelled * old * . I have a friend that wore * Laura * and it smelled reallygood . I noticed when I purchased this bottle of Laura that there were otherscents with this name . I was very disappointed in this product but perhapsthe other scents of Laura are better ?? Thank you , Laura Jones
 The box was dirty and completely damaged . I did not had the time to send it back and the days passed , but I was surprised to receive a merchandise in such bad condition .
 Unfortunately for me I only read the reviews after I 'd ordered 2 bottles and smelt a rat ! I have been using Laura for years and usually only buy it whilst on holiday abroad - I know what it should smell like ! TOTALLY AGREE DO NOT BUY IT !!!!!!!!!! I AM SO ANGRY !
 My wife is using Laura for years . We always bought it in Europe . We can not find it here in any store . So we ordered it . What a mistake . Even the plastic wrap around the Box is not original and so poorly made.The perfume it self has hardly any smell only alcohol with something !?!!!?? DONT BY IT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Ive never given a product such a low rating , but when the shipping is more than the cost of the product , I find it hard to swallow .
 I have extremely dry skin and am constantly looking for an effective moisturizing body wash . So , I was looking forward to trying out this Olay Ultra Moisture body wash . Apparently there is such a thing as too much Shea Butter , because this product not only left me greasy from head to toe , but also my bath tub . -LRB- I did not feel moist and soft , just greasy - think French fry . -RRB- After using this product in the shower , I then had to re-shower with soap to get enough of it off to dress . The next day I decided to take a bath and discovered that that single use had left my entire tub covered in a thick scum of body wash sludge . This layer of what I am assuming is Shea butter or mineral oil did not readily wipe off but did scrap off with my nails . It then took two washings with a scrub sponge to remove . Not only did this layer of body wash feel nasty to stand on or bathe in , it would have been dangerous for anyone unsteady on their feet to stand on -LRB- child or elderly person -RRB- . I have been using Johnson 's body wash for years -LRB- it contains mineral oil -RRB- and have never had this problem . In fact , I have never had this issue with any moisturizing body wash . Now maybe I got a bad bottle of body wash or perhaps Wal-Mart is cutting additional corners these days , but my new bottle of Olay Ultra Moisture body wash is now in the trash .
 I 'm not sure if only the brown color has this effect , but I bought this and tried it twice . The brush itself is n't very good . There 's too much goop liner on it , and it smudges all over your eye as you apply it . It looks really fake , even when I tried a super thin line of liner . I do n't know if there 's a technique , but it does n't look as normal as regular eyeliner . I have n't had a chance to see if it lasts all day because I could n't leave the house looking like a freak .
 This eyeliner sounded so great that I decided I had to try it.What a waste of money . I wrote to the compnay to see if it had a money back guarantee but never heard back . My advice is if it sounds too good to be true , then it probably is . A total waste of my hard earned money !!
 The frownies are made of cheap paper with cheap glue . I wet them and stuck them on . Slept with the things on for a few days . I did not see a difference in my frown line . Quackery !
 This is a waste of money . Basically nothing more than paper with glue on it . It 's terrible and does n't work . Do you want to wear tape on your face to bed ? Ugh ... do n't think so
 Bought this product thinking it was a good product . After using this product about 5 times the on off button jams . the on button does n't hold you have to hold the on button with one hand while drying your hair . Design was poorly thought out as the on off button should have been on the handle . It makes no sense to hold the dryer then having to push the on button on the wall mount then to turn off you then put the dryer back into the case to turn it off . It seems like more work then just to have the controls on the dryer itself . I bought this to save space but it ended up being a poorly designed dryer .
 Within 2 months , the hair dryer constantly overheats and turns itself off within 1-2 minutes . I have short hair and it turns off 2-3 times per use . I have to blow into the fan mechanism to cool it down before it will restart .
 I purchased this dryer about 3 months ago and thought it was supper ! However , I have changed my tune . I have hardly used this and already is is weakening . It does not blow as well as it did orginally . It barely blows on high . It is ready for the trash AND now I have holes in the wall to repair ! I have gone back to my older dryer .
 Bought 2 . One got so hot it started to melt itself , was unsafe . Am trying to return it , they will get back to me in a week . Second is OK
 I 've always thought that Oster produced great products but not this time . I purchased this hair dryer in November 2007 . This morning , without warning , it started smoking and glowing bright red inside . I was able to pull the plug -LRB- the GFI never tripped -RRB- . I wo n't be buying another one of these hair dryers .
 Disappointed that the hair dryer does not have a `` cool air '' setting . Need to have just cool air for some drying needs.Ferol Rudd
 The hair dryer cuts off within a couple minutes . I dry my hair with another hair dryer . This one wo n't even stay on long enough for me to style my hair . I had one just like it for a couple years previously . It worked much better .
 Bought this hairdryer to replace the same one that had been hanging on the wall for 10 years and finally died . Was excited when the bracket was the same so did n't have to do anything but hang it up . . Then I used it . It does n't get hot . Blows nice warm air but does n't get hot enough to style your hair . I now have this one hanging on the wall , unplugged , while I use one that I haul out of the drawer every morning .
 Perhaps I have a bad thermistor in my unit because it kicks off within moments of turning it on . I have short hair , so I 'm not trying to dry a mane . So , I bought a regular hair dryer instead . Usually Oster is a great product , but not my unit .
 My wife has used this dryer for eleven months without complaint , UNTIL NOW ! This morning , all six internal blower blades literally just suddenly fell apart . What is otherwise a great product is ruined by the poorly made fan blades . It 's obvious that the blade material is cheap and simply ca n't hold up . DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT !!!
 Oster Professional 76932-710 Wall Mount Hair DryerOWNED THIS UNIT FOR LESS THAN THREE MONTHS AND IT QUIT . I CERTAINLY WOULD NOT BUY THIS BRAND EVER !
 Great hair dryer but does n't work very long . Overheats and quits . This is the 2nd one in less than 2 years . Would not buy again .
 I received this item yesterday , tried it for the first time this morning . It had sufficient power , but the air was warm at best , even on the high setting . I could put my hand about an inch in front of the blower and leave it without getting burned . Was really disappointed in this product . I am returning it and will try another brand .
 This hairdryer quit working within one month . It gets hot , but the blower does not come on - probably a fire hazard . This is our second one of these , the first quit working within the first year !
 I have bought this lipstick all last year until it was discontinued . After finding it on Amazon I was excited . The truth is this is not even a close color match although it is labeled exactly the same as my old one . The true color is a light pink rose color -LRB- rosewater -RRB- and what I received is a coral . The texture is , however , the same . Was so disappointed in the color .
 This fragrance was received as a gift from someone who knew I enjoyed wearing floral fragrances , especially in summer . The title of this review says it all - rather than a bouquet , for me , the scent was unidentifiable . It was pleasant but did n't last .
 I ordered Lancome Color Focus Exceptional Wear Smooth Eye Colour from Amazon.com . It arrived very quickly from a company called Beauty Encounter on Amazon based in California . -LRB- 18480 Pacific Street , Fountain Valley , CA 92708 , Tel
 DONT BUY !! DOEST DO THE JOB RIGHT , NOT EVEN CLOSE !!! MY HAIR LOOK LIKE A TOTAL MESS !! I 'm very upset ... bad bad bad !
 not a rip-off , however , the curved plates made no difference towards rounding out edges of a smooth style . I have better luck with my chi ceramic -LRB- 2001 version -RRB- flat iron .
 Very disappointed with this product . It came sealed in a box from Perfumania but the silver cap was tarnished and the smell was very faint . I have no explanation for this but I know the cap should not have looked like that and I know the scent should have lasted longer as I have used this perfume . Trying to contact the seller was an adventure in frustration.You contact Customer Service , they write back , signing it Customer Service , like you are not speaking to a live person , and they insist you call them to discuss it . I guess the lengthy e mail was not enough . Luckily , Amazon stood behind the consumer and refunded my money and I did not have to deal with the seller .
 ... then it usually is . This product simply does not work . It moisturizes your lips for a while -LRB- but you ca n't use it under your long-lasting lipsticks -RRB- , but does not plump lips at all . Not one itty bit.Save your money for a botox injection ... I 'm sorry I fell for the `` big mouth '' hype of this product . There ought to be a law against false advertising .
 This product is definitely not a good first time philosophy purchase . Good thing my sister uses many of the philosophy products or I would never consider another purchase . The description is clever and if you really want that `` bee stung look '' go for it . The nude shade was beautiful but within a minute of applying the gloss my lips started to feel warm and burny . I thought `` Ok , how bad can it be ... '' After two minutes I could n't tolerate the so called tingling and had to wash the gloss off . Before I did , I went to a mirror to take a look and my lips were red like I ate raspberries . Not a look desired by an adult female , unless I was really eating raspberries . Needless to say since I really liked the color of the gloss and the fact of how much I paid for it , I was disappionted . Hopefully the Birthday Cake body wash/shampoo and the facial cleanser will be more satisfying .
 I would pay my work colleagues not to put this stuff on ! This fragrance leaves my eyes itchy and skin itchy , my throat dry.It 's quite unplesant , never known a fragrance to have that effect ; great if you wan na keep people away .
 EWWW EWWW GET IT OFF GET IT OFF !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! OMIGOD I loved Hugo so much I 've been anticipating this in the mail and bought the shower gel from a different source as well.This is just terrible . I 'm taking a shower . Look for my posting of this CHEAP ... I 've already taken a loss.I have reviewed many colognes , take a look at them . I like most of them !
 The colors for this concealer are pretty good , but i have a major problem with the texture . It is thick and sticky and tugs at my skin . Hard to get the right amount and impossible to blend , making it very obvious . I know it is a corrector , but even with foundation or other concealer over it , the end result is not good . The tub also dried out really quickly making it even harder to use . I was blending the darker color in with my previous concealer which did help brighten it up a bit , but definitely not worth the purchase . For me the quality was just not there !
 This was not original Tribecca I sent an email explaining that I have used this product since 1991 and it was a FAKE !!!!! this was very dissapointing to me as th e website said tribecca developed in 1989 and it showed a darker version of the spray . I expect a full credit to my card and a replacement.regina jones
 I bought this two years or so ago and you can see the metal where the roller heats up . It is wearing away and this should not happen so soon . Would not buy another one .
 Product did not meet my expectations based upon its description . Sorry to say , but it looks and feels like road kill . Not fluffy at all , but flat fur that looks like it was cut from a slow bunny caught under a Michelin . My gal would Urp if I touched this thing to her skin ; maybe even at the sight of it ... . Resulted in a Knight let down . . !
 My hair gets caught and pulled out in this . My hair is only wavy and it does n't straighten my hair as well as a curling iron does . I am going to spend more and get something that works better .
 This thing deserves no stars . I received this as a present , and was wary of it from the start . When clamped together , the plates did n't even completely touch . The plates did n't get hot enough to straighten my hair at all , but did get hot enough to burn my fingers . It was incredibly difficult to use this straightener without somehow hurting myself -- my hair got caught in the plates , my fingers got burned , and somehow the rounded edges managed to burn my forehead . Beware .
 This lip balm is awful . Smells bad , like medicine or something . The consistency is really thick and awful as well . You ca n't even really spread it on . Did nothing for my lips . One of the worst lip balms I 've tried in a while and I buy new ones all of the time ; I probably go through about 10 new brands a month . Seriously bad product people .
 I wish I 'd read the seller feedback BEFORE ordering from Age Advantage through Amazon - but I did n't . Age Advantage uses high levels of actives and great quality materials - Great R&D - but they have order fulfillment practices from the dark ages . No shipping number . No email indicating order received . Nothing shows within 3 calendar days from end of shipping window . Most irritating , I ca n't reach their customer service department , despite their contract with Amazon that says I should be able to - because the email box is so full all of my queries bounce out unanswered . This is one company that should focus on what they do well - skin care - and turn over their order fulfillment to any third party that could do a better job . From a business model perspective - what a huge mess . I only hope Amazon will stand by their A-Z promise and help resolve this .
 DO NOT BUY FROM THIS COMPANY ! I would give them 0 out of 5 stars if that were an option . Ordered May 1st , it is now May 31 , and the product never arrived . Worse than it not arriving was the fact that they never tried to contact me to let me know of a potential delay or other problem . I e-mailed them and left a phone message , and still have not received any kind of response . Their phone message sounded like a home answering machine left by a man with a smoker 's voice .
 I got this product on ebay for $ 10 included shipping fee , it 's a good deal because I know it 's half of the retail prices.The first thought after getting this product was the size - I had to say it 's pretty small . Well , since it 's not for daily usage , so I guess I ca n't be too critical on that.The bead size is very small , so it feels pretty good while you 're massaging , but the beads wo n't dissolve in water , so when I 'm rinsing them off in my bath tub , they stick in the tub like beach sand . I have to flush them away after I step out from the tub , or they wo n't go anywhere.But the most important thing is , I ca n't tell the difference after using it . It does n't dry out my face , that 's the good point , but what 's the point if I ca n't see any result ?
 Do n't buy from beautyink ! They sent a cheaper iron than the one we ordered and then ignored us when we tried to return it . We are out $ 100 .
 i purchased this item from ths site and it was completely old and dried out . the liner fell out of applicator . . will only buy directly from clinique for this product
 I bought this when I was down in Savannah at one of the company 's stores . Does n't incorporate well into the skin so leaves a greasy layer , kind of like using Vaseline . It also contains a lot of water so after application , water oozes out making the surface of this layer wet .
 Do n't like that the pocket is at the top instead of the bottom okay is tha t enough s i
 I decided I would try this product because of the price , but wish I had my money back . It would work for the occasional hair cutter but if you have to live in it all day , like I do , you would give it a 2 stat rating too . I 'm not going into the `` one size fits most '' part of it -LRB- that 's like saying `` you should have know better '' -RRB- but the thing that is the biggest problem is the material that it is made of . It reminds me of the stuff that cheep rain suites are made of . it 's stiff , loud , and does n't breath . When I first got it , and seen how stiff it was , I throw it in the washer hoping that washing it would brake it down and make it easier to live with . As the water ran over it - it beaded up and ran off . When it was finished , and I pulled it from the washer , it laughed at me in defiance and said , `` you thought you could brake me but you have failed . '' So to finish on a positive note - you can spill your coffee on it and it will run right off .
 Was not very please with the product did look like I expected.The next time I will purchase the glove from a store to make sure itis what I want .
 Because of the color of the bottle and Saint in the name I mistook this for another fragrance altogether . Then I missed the deadline to send it back . All in all a bad purchase !
 I bought this item as a gift for someone . The description did not say , as far as I remember how much was in each bottle , but they are very very small , only a few oz . total . I was expecting to receive something for the money I spent . I was very disappointed . It is at most two uses , per bottle if you use it very sparingly , actually more like one use each . I see it is out of stock now from the vender and is not avaiable any more , which is a good thing for everyone else .
 Says made in Germany but really is made in China . I put as much pressure as humanly possible on the lever handle and it would not cut my fingernails let alone a toenail .
 Not the fault of the vendor , but I did n't realize that Miss Dior was not the same thing as Miss Dior Cherie . I had bought a bottle of Miss Dior Cherie at Sephora and loved it then bought this when I ran out ... not realizing there was another perfume by a similar name . This is more of an old lady scent whereas Miss Dior Cherie is a lot `` younger '' and sweeter . I already opened the package -LRB- it was n't until I smelled it that I realized my mistake -RRB- so now I am out the $ . : -LRB-
 Although the ad did say the packaging may be different from the picture , it did not say that it is &#34; Originale &#34; , a completely different fragrance from the one pictured . It was n't inexpensive on top of being disappointing .
 I realize it says the packaging may be different , but mine is n't anything even close . And it smells terrible ! It is n't just my body chemistry , either . I tried some of this on at Macy 's and adored it . This bottle I received in the mail does n't have even a hint of floral . I feel like I 'm spraying on patchouli-scented Old Spice . I ca n't wear it , and I ca n't even give it away . I guess I am just hosed out of too much money . I will not be buying fragrances online anymore , that 's for sure .
 I will not buy perfume from an online vendor in the future . I am spending a lot of money and the smell last as if they are watered down fragrances . You even have to watch the stores for counterfeits anymore . I have used this fragrance for 20 years and never had it fade like the recents bottle smell does .
 I am loyal to Conair blow-dryers , but after purchasing this one , I may have to switch . It 's big , clumsy , and blows very little air at a what seems to be a very low speed . When I use this blow-dryer it takes twice as long to dry my hair now and the style turns out flat ! My old blow dryer was also a Conair 1875 and was twice as hot and the power was twice as strong . The performance of this new Conair blow-dryer is unacceptable and I 'm going to have to purchase another .
 I bought this one a little bigger 13/4 , my hair is long and I wanted big curls , the little ones take forever to do it.it does n't work at all , it makes a little curl right on the ends and nothing else , it 's a waste of money , it comes in a plastic package that you have to cut it open so it makes it impossible to return.This product is a total piece of crap . Sorry , do n't waste your money or time .
 i bought this curler because I wanted to curl my hair for valentine 's day . I 've always used conair products but this one just did n't work . I left it in my hair for at least a minute , and my hair came out the way it started . I even tried using it with hair spray , still did n't work . I ended up taking it back an hour after I got it .
 I thought this curler was the best of the best being a well known brand and `` ceramic . '' I was wrong . I paid $ 30 bucks for this thing and it did n't even curl my hair . I will go back to using the $ 10 generic curlers . I regret my purchase . I also regret throwing away the box before trying it , so I ca n't send it back now !
 I do not care for this one , so I am glad I ordered a small amount . It arrived on time , but almost got lost as it was so small .
 I wonder if my batch has gone bad perhaps . I came to read the reviews to see if anyone else had a complaint about the smell , but I do n't see any other mentions of it . The container I have has a definite strong , mildewy odor to it , like a tent that has been put away damp . The powder is also very clumpy , and now that I think about it I am a little freaked out about having used it on my face . What if there were critters growing in it ? I got this jar of mineral veil from a hospital gift shop , the only place in town that sells Bare Escentuals . I have been getting foundation and eyeshadows from them for years but this is the first time I got the mineral veil and bleah ! There was nothing wrong with the box to indicate it had been exposed to moisture , and the adhesive seal was intact on the sifter when I opened it up at home . Leaky roof at the factory maybe ? Actually , I think I will just throw this out . I hate to waste $ 35 worth of powders but I am concerned that I might be putting contaminated stuff on my face . I wish I still had a receipt , I would ask for a replacement jar and see if it was any better . : \
 I decided to try bare minerals a few months ago , and bought the beginner set since it came with the brushes.Bare minerals are okay , but not very natural looking ... you end up looking orange at the end of the day.But anywho , for this mineral veil thing , I put it on , but nothing happens ... It does nothing.About me
 The item I received is not the product I ordered . I ordered Bare Minerals Mineral Veil and I received two small sample size containers of Bare Escentuals Mineral Veil . The picture associated with this item clearly says `` Bare Minerals '' on the item yet that 's not what it is . This is important as Bare Escentuals adds various chemicals to their original product line whereas no chemicals are added to their Bare Minerals product line . I 'm extremely sensitive to chemicals so this is a huge issue for me . Also , the ingredients this seller lists for the product are different than the ingredients listed on the product I received -LRB- the one I received having chemicals included in the product list -RRB- . Again , this is because they sent me Bare Escentuals instead of Bare Minerals . Very frustrating to say the least .
 Not what was pictured . I 'm not even sure it is really made by bare minerals . Makes skin appear very chalky . Seems like a bad knock off . I could be wrong though it could just be very old .
 I love bare minerals foundation and regular mineral veil but this is horrible . It is very chalky when you put it on . The dust made me caugh everytime . Just stick with the original !
 I paid about $ 100 and got the whole starter kit plus some Buxom lip gloss -LRB- which is awesome -RRB- and some Eye Rev-ver Upper . This make-up is garbage -LRB- the gloss being the exception . -RRB- After less than a week of use , my skin was covered with tiny pimples -LRB- some of which turned cystic . -RRB- I resumed my usual skin care regimen and went back to my old make-up . It 's been about two weeks since I used Bare Minerals and my skin is still horrible . I have pimples in places I have never had pimples in my life -LRB- and I used to have acne . -RRB- I have tiny pimples under my eyes and all over my upper lip and jaw line . Unbelievable . Total waste of money . I 'm actually going to have to purchase products to counteract the effects this has had on my skin .
 LIKE I SAID I NEVER RECIED THIS PRODUCT SO I CANT WRITE A REVEIW ON SOMETHING I NEVER GOT WHAT IS GOING ON WITH MY ORDER
 This brush might be great if you have SUPER short hair , but I have shoulder length hair and I definitely need a stiffer brush . This one could barely penetrate the top layer of my hair . It was totally useless as an actual brush . I 'll go to the store and look for a stiff boar brush , this one was just WAY too soft !
 When I first used the brush , I liked it . Then I noticed that the bristles were falling out 10-20 at a time right after the first use of it . Each time I run my hand down the brush , more bristles fall out . Pretty much the most worthless -LRB- and messy -RRB- brush I 've ever used .
 But it 's an odd kinda soap that smells ok ... but does nothing for dry skin or itchy spots . Out of the 4 of us who used it not one of us wanted to buy it again .
 I read all those good reviews and I decided to give it a try , this an overpriced soap with the same results as Ivory soap , I do n't feel any difference on my skin it did n't leave it as moisturized as I thought , is thousand times much better Olay bar soap Sheer moisture with tangerine oil it smells like the most expensive perfume , my skin smells and feels divine and my shower smells the same after I take a shower and for only a fraction of the price of that french soap . If you want an expensive soap with only a bunch of dried flowers in it , then buy it . I wo n't buy it again period .
 I bought two of these soaps , the verbena -LRB- which smells lovely -RRB- & the orange one -LRB- nothin special ... -RRB- . I had resigned myself to using one as a mantel splash of color but tonight I read the reviews and one said they are easy to cut . So here I am with a huge knife in the kitchen and left with one misshapen hunk o f crumbly soap . It is horrible soap . Although I recommend the chunk of verbena in a car if one lives in a desert community , the heat makes the car smell great !! Do n't buy these expecting to use them in the tub .
 I was quite disappointed with this purchase :1 st -RRB- As many others previously indicated , the soap came wrapped in regular paper , with no labels , no product information , no tags , no place of origin information . I can not believe that a soap of this quality can not come properly packaged . If you want to give it as a present , you will be in trouble because it looks like something you bought in bulk . -LRB- Many years ago I bought this brand at Pottery Barn , and the soaps came packaged extremely well . -RRB- 2nd -RRB- The soap does not smells like verbena . If you are thinking on Verbena products like the ones by L'Occitane , this will not satisfy you .
 This brush works well at cleaning lint off clothes , but is very poor as a hairbrush - its bristles are too short and too soft . The brush slides over hair , rather than acting as a hairbrush should . It is cheap , but of little use . I found a much better boar bristle brush in the supermarket hair care aisle for the same price . My hair is quite short , so hair length should not have posed a problem . I would definitely not recommend this brush .
 It makes my face red and dry and it simply does n't work for me . I 've used almost all of the container . I 'm really disappointed because I love Neutrogena but this product simply does n't work .
 This stuff does n't do anything for me . I have probably used about 40/60 of the wipes , and I 've been waiting for results that are just not going to come . First of all , I have very annoying , acne prone skin . It 's oily on the t-zone , but is very dry on the cheeks . So I guess it would be called `` combination skin . '' I do n't have very bad acne , but I do have bumpy , un-smooth skin , with a couple of pimples at a time . When I started using this I loved the convenience of it , so of course I was praying it would work for me . Daily , I 'd get out of the shower , quickly take a pad , rub all over my face , apply lotion , then be done and moving on to other things . But that 's about the only thing I can say I really like about this . It just does n't work for me at all .
 I love this product and normally buy it from the store . I thought I could save some money by buying it from amazon but I wish I had n't . It arrived in time but the bottle was opened and had dark brown spots under the lid that had the appearance of mold . Amazon wo n't give me the option to return or exchange it so I basically just flushed money down the drain . So disappointed .
 This brush is not good for thick hair and it causes a lot of static . I would not recommend purchasing it .
 This brush has an acrylic rather than a wooden handle , and it sheds bristles . The acrylic contributes to static . I have had a wood-handled boar bristle brush for 8 years and expect it to last much longer than this new brush . Next time , I will make sure to buy a brush that is more durable .
 No star !!!! My bathroom nightlight gives off more light than this `` light up mirror '' truly a ripoff .
 I bought this and 3-4 months later it would not go above the 1 setting ! I emailed Amazon -LRB- that was the seller -RRB- . They told me to email Derma Wand directly and , surprise !! , no response . I threw it away and bought something much better quality !
 I tried the Derma Wand after my Tuo Viso machine broke -LRB- after 5 years -RRB- & I did not have the money to replace it.The Derma Wand STINKS . It has a very low frequency on it & only 1 distribution point -LRB- Tuo Viso has 2 -RRB- it takes 2 hours to do your whole face & the results do not last very long at all.The whole thing about guaranteed money back is bs too because I have the original packaging , receipt & so on & am being told it has been 65 days instead of the stated on receipt 60 days to return & I am stuck with it.I will continue to use it because I have it but I really do n't think it is that great of a product .
 I was so excited to receive this product but very disappointed . I tried it exactly as directed and the sensation was horrible . It caused terrible pain behind my eyes . I waited a day and tried it again the following day . Same sensation , same pain behind the eyes . I do n't know if the unit was perhaps faulty or I 'm just very sensitive but I had to return this item .
 I just ordered this product from another site and later found the reviews for it . they were n't very good . I will judge for myself , but I find it very suspicious that all of those who gave it 5 stars and rave reviews only have 5 stars to give every product they review . One has to wonder if different companies do n't pay them to `` work from home '' to post nothing but great things about various products . Highly suspicious .
 i bought the derma wand and returned it without using it because i read a warning from the state of california on the instructions that said that the product could cause cancer and birth defects because of the chemicals it uses ... needless to say i was n't gon na use it ! i went to the official derma wand website but i could n't find any info on that claim or maybe i did n't look hard enough . maybe ill e-mail them one day and see if they tell me anything about that .
 I felt it only made my skin dry and therefore the wrinkles seemed even more noticable :-LRB- I think it might work well for someone with acne though .
 I guess if you believe this works it does but it did nothing for me what so ever . not worth bothering with .
 I bought this product so exited to try it but it was such a disappointment like others is just a scam it do n't work i wasted my money
 My wife ordered the Derma Wand , did nothing as claimed . She called and got authorization to return which she did . Derma Wand refused to acknowledge return even though the U.S. Post Office has confirmed delivery to Derma Wand and our credit card company has agreed we do not owe for the product . Derma Wand now threatening to turn the account over to a collection agency to make us pay even the product was returned in accordance with their procedures . Unless you want a fight on your hands and/or your credit rating damaged , do not do business with this company . Customer Service has not cooperated . We have filed complaints with their Customer Service , New York BBB , Corporate Headquarters and the Consumer Protection Division for the State of New York ,
 I am practically free of wrinkles and , thanks to some excellent facial exercises I have been doing for about three years , my face is firm and nicely toned up . I should not have bought the Derma Wand but , as I am a great oxygen fan and use it in different ways -LRB- oral oxygen and ozonators -RRB- , I decided to buy the Derma Wand.Though it is true that it * temporarily * plumps up and lifts the face , I had a problem with it and I could see , for the first time in my life , quite a few wrinkles on my under-eye area . The Derma Wand puffed up my face and what used to be very tiny , almost invisible expression marks turned into visible under-eye area wrinkles . It was scary . I had to wait about three days for the wrinkles to go away.The breakouts other reviewers complain about did not scare me . I have been using oxygen products and I know different types of skin problems may appear as toxins start leaving the body due to oxygen purification . The oxygen part was the one that I liked the most about the Derma Wand but those wrinkles that I had never had were the reason why I returned the Derma Wand for a refund . -LRB- The facial cream that came with the Derma Wand was so second-rate that I tried it once and never used it again . Can not understand why it was included in the kit -RRB- .
 The first Derma Wand we ordered arrived dead . Returned without hassle from Amazon ! Ordered again , arrived ok , worked fine ... for 5 days then it lost 99 % of it 's power for no reason what so ever . Never dropped or any abuse at all . We 're buying the Professional Grade Portable High Frequency D'arsonval Facial Device . DONE with Derma Wand , would have left zero stars if we could !! Oh , and yes , we love the way these type of devices work , GREAT for acne and fever blister outbreaks !!
 Havent tried it as of yet . Got it delivered today , Saturday . When I was inspecting my NEW Derma Wand It had lotion on the bulb end and the cap was missing . Clearly the sent me a used wand.I have to wait till Monday for customer service . Right now I am not a happy camper .
 I was n't really pleased with this product . It does brighten up tired looking eyes . I was n't happy about the smell it gives off while in usage , it kindda gave me a headache . I do n't think it lives up to it standards and it surely does not compare to the professional treatment you receive in salons and dermatologist offices . I used it a few times and now it sits in my bathroom cabinet where it has been for months .
 This product came broken without complete instructions . Now I get the joy of trying to get reimbursement , I plan to try again with QVC where you get a better warranty system .
 I have acne and some wrinkle , i used everyday faithfully for 2 months straight and did not work at all , i even masage for half our and did not get rid of acne at all , , maybe give you the effect of lifting but is temporary , , it did nothing on my acne , , , not recomended , wasted of money
 Content specifications clearly says it contains an instructional DVD and even though the package arrived sealed , the DVD does not arrive , please I need ...
 I have only been using this product for about 3 weeks , so it is really not fair for me to give it a star rating . I use it twice a day as directed . I 'm not sure what kind of results I 'm supposed to have in that time frame , so it is hard for me to say if it is working or not . I really ca n't see much difference , if any and no one has said anything about me looking any younger as seen in the ads . I 'll keep using it and hope that I see some results in the near future .
 I do not live in the US and bought a derma wand and it stop working at the second time I was going to use it . It has poor quality . Please be careful if you want to buy one of these and you do n't live in US
 I 've had this for a few weeks and it 's already breaking down . It now only works on the lowest setting , and who knows for how long . It may even have worked if it was n't such a shoddy crap chinese made electronic device . Waste of money .
 Bought it mid September 2012 , never got dropped / anything but suddenly quit working last week . Called their customer service , without asking question to diagnose what the problem it might be , she just said , it 's the bulb and that is not covered under warranty . You have to ship the unit back to us & pay $ 25 for the bulb plus $ 9.99 for us to ship back the unit to you . NOT EVEN 3 MONTHS !!! And they said they have 10 years warranty , on WHAT ? It could be the electrical item in the unit , who knows ? But without even diagnosing they just said it 's the part that is n't covered under warranty . What A Warranty . Totally disappointed , !
 I ordered this item and shipping was very fast . i read the instructions with CD and religiously follow . As it is not battery operated item you have to plug in so there should not be any reason for loosing its power But it happened and also in some parts it hurts.i send the message to customer care But all in vain . nobody contact me may be the reason is I buy from Amazon not from them ! Anyway I returned this item and waiting for my refund . I am disappointed because I really need this kind of item.let 's hope for the better one.the prize is attractive compare to nu-brilliance but i wish it should work the way they said .
 I tried the product every day twice a day ... . but I did n't see any results at all ! It made my sikn very dry . Super service from seller ... product arrived super fast ... and the return was done very fast and professional , it was even picked up at my home , thank you for a super fast service !
 Not as good as advertised ! I should do more resource next time I 'm buying anything ! New shoes would be nicer !
 Derma Wand dryed out my skin on face even while using the moisturizers . Scary !!! Really would not reccomend wasting your money .
 I used the Derma Wand every day for almost 30 days and did n't see any result . I did n't mind the prickly feeling , even at the highest control . I was hoping to see something but got nothing . Only the first day there was slight reddening showing increased circulation but no rejuvenation , no lessening of small lines , jowls still hanging there . I 'm saving for something like a feather lift now . Well , what should I expect at age 65 ? Thanks to Amazon I got my refund the day they received the item back . Never a problem with Amazon .
 I really liked this device ... while it lasted , which was n't very long . It creates a really nice , fresh smelling ozone smell , and I feel that it did help my skin . But I only got a chance to use it about 8 times before it broke .
 This product was awful ! It burns and it made my wrinkles under my eyes and around my mouth worse . I followed the instructions to a `` T '' and this product has aged me about 10 years . I would never recommend this product .
 I believe most of the reviews I read on this product were paid for . This product does NOT work . I had read a couple of bad reviews and thought oh they just did n't use it long enough to see the results , Everyone wants instant results ... I used it every day for 2 months . I could see no difference . A waste of good money .
 What a waste of money . This did absolutely nothing ! And I used this faithfully , twice a day , for a month . Saw no difference in tone , tightening , or wrinkle lines . I give them credit for their commercials on T.V. . They make it look very convincing . Do n't waste your time or especially your money !
 Went through all of this for friggin 60 days ... absolutely nothing !!! most these great reviews must be shills/fakes ...
 I have been using it for 3 weeks and honestly , I believe it has made my skin look more wrinkled than less . I am afraid to even keep using it at this point .
 Bought the product , it has made no difference that I can tell in my appearance . I use it twice a day for anywhere from five minutes to ten minutes . I have had the derma wand for a few weeks now and will continue to use for a while longer , if still no results will stop
 I chose a 1 star rating because the first time I used it the derma wand seemed to work fine but then it would not turn back down to a lower setting after I turned it to the highest setting and it proceeded to burn and the zapping was extremely unbearable so no I would not recommend it to anyone .
 I bought this brush without realizing that the brush had a 3 inch diameter . Needless to say , unless you have lots of hair this brush is impossible to use . I have short hair so the brush is useless to me . However , the brush is well made . It was my mistake by not reading the description carefully -- I would by similar brush if smaller one is available .
 This hairbrush gave no clue to it 's size unless you know what they mean by `` 3 Monster '' . This hairbrush is 5 inches in diameter ! Obviously to be used for someone with extremely long hair although nowhere in the description do they even give a clue of it 's massive size . Not the best quality either . I do not recommend this brush to anyone .
 Although the handle is very comfortable and has a great feel and grip , the bristles are way too soft for my hair which is very fine , long , wavy , and easily tangled . It actually brushes over the top layer of the hair , never penetrating because the bristles totally collapse.If I had an infant , the bristles used in those brushes are comparable to the type used in this brush . There is no firmness whatsoever . I ca n't even imagine a boar with fur as soft as those on this so-called boar-bristle brush.If it had n't been a hygenic type of product , I 'd have sent it back ; instead , I had to discard it .
 I love the other scents but the orange was really terrible . I returned it with no problem . Love the lime blossem
 I 'd call it a baby 's brush ... but it is too large for a baby . Worthless ... but my own lack of discernment , perhaps .
 I have fine , thin hair . Thought this was just what I needed to blow dry daily . bristles are clear plastic and poke out at least 1/2 inch . The brush works , but is fairly cheaply made , and the bristles are just annoying to me . They scratch , are very stiff and poke my scalp when the brush is rolled against my head.I would NOT buy this again .
 I did n't realize it , but the `` 3 '' in the title meant that the barrel diameter is 3 '' ! So the total diameter of this brush with the bristles is 5 '' ! I ca n't imagine anyone needing a brush that big . Other than that , it looks to be a nice brush , just be forewarned about the size .
 I have fine , thin hair . Thought this was just what I needed to blow dry daily . bristles are clear plastic and poke out at least 1/2 inch . The brush works , but is fairly cheaply made , and the bristles are just annoying to me . They scratch , are very stiff and poke my scalp when the brush is rolled against my head.I would NOT buy this again .
 I love the Skin Trip moisturizer so I thought the soap would be great too . It was so stinky I had to throw it out after using it a couple of times . Maybe I got a bar from a bad batch , I do n't know , but I wo n't be ordering this again .
 Since I love mountain ocean 's other soaps and lotions , I thought this shampoo would be great too , but it is almost exactly like Johnson and Johnson 's baby shampoo , and it does not smell good . If you need a shampoo that wo n't leave stuff in your hair , stick with Dr. Bronners .
 I was fooled by the title Mountain Ocean Coconut Shampoo - I thought it would be similar to their Skin Trip
 While this device does save some labor , its price and the additional costs of replacement brushheads and batteries are not justified by the results , which is not different from those of manual toothbrushes .
 Ordered this spray for my 10 year old nephew . It took 10 days to arrive , however once received , it was the wrong spray . I received the GIRL version . I called immediately and spoke to customer service who confirmed my order was placed for a BOY , however could not send the correct item , until I returned the wrong item -LRB- and until it was received on their end -RRB- . There was not enough time to send it back and receive the correct one , so now I am stuck with spray for a girl . The representative I spoke to , could not even tell me if the BOY colonge was in stock . Very disappointed !!! Rep offered nothing to accomodate me for THEIR error . Will not order from them again .
 I have fine , thin hair . Thought this was just what I needed to blow dry daily . bristles are clear plastic and poke out at least 1/2 inch . The brush works , but is fairly cheaply made , and the bristles are just annoying to me . They scratch , are very stiff and poke my scalp when the brush is rolled against my head.I would NOT buy this again .
 I do n't know if its just my hair , but this product did n't work as well as I had hoped . It made my hair kind of knotty and not soft at all : -LRB-
 They used to have an old formula I believe it did not have any drying acylic acid -LRB- wrong spelling -RRB- or whatever it is that they put in there , then they changed it ... well this stuff sucks if you have sensitive skin , it will just make you get more oily & make your face red . I do n't understand how or why you would change something that works , I only gave it two stars because it cleans well ... to bad it strips the crap out of your skin !!
 If you are looking for a good clingy plastic food wrap , steer away from this product . This wrap does not function contrary to what is advertised on the box . It does not stick to glass , nor does it stick to itself even if you pat it down.I highly recommend the following products instead . These brands ' food wrap provide strong , instant cling for a tight seal : - Reynolds plastic wrap - Kirkland -LRB- Costco brand -RRB- plastic food wrap - First Street -LRB- Smart & Final brand -RRB- plastic food wrap
 Saran brand plastic wrap is normally pretty decent , but the slide n cut bar that they have on the latest packages is an atrocity probably illegal under the Geneva Convention . It is pretty much impossible to get the slide bar to cut any plastic wrap and utterly infuriating . The normal blade that 's usually on these boxes is replaced with the bar , which makes cutting plastic wrap more difficult than giving a cat a bath . Avoid the slide n cut bar at all costs , I ended up using scissors .
 SC Johnson makes the worst plastic wrap on the market today.The roll is wrapped so tight you ca n't pull it out of the box without the box falling apart.The tabs on the end of the box are supposed to be pushed in to hold the roll in place while you try to pull some out.The tabs were designed by an idiot . When you push them in the whole box falls apart because the folds in the box are in the way of the tabs.If you scotch tape the ends after destroying the box they still do n't work.The wrap itself does not stick to anything . I have tried it on pyrex glass bowls , ceramic bowls , plastic bowls.They spent a fortune designing the box to get your attention but that is all you get.This product deserves a class action suit . Absolute garbage . Bordering on commercial fraud .
 i usually wear liquid liner for the `` retro '' look , i bought this coz of all the great reviews -- but i do n't understand the point ! the line you get is fuzzy and i ended up with black powder falling under my eyes so it looked like i had dark circles ! I 've gone back to my Revlon Colorstay Liquid Liner , looks great , lasts , and does n't smudge -LRB- very much -RRB- -- plus it 's cheap !
 I just recieved this product as a gift , and was delighted by the smell . Then I put some on . Seconds later I was considerably less delighted by the burning welts appearing on my pulse points . Just to clarify , I have no known skin allergies , my skin is not sensitive , and I have never reacted this badly to having some fairly harsh chemicals splashed on me . Avoid at all costs .
 This compact can be purchased at any major department store or online at clarins for $ 36 . I ca n't imagine how anyone can sell this for $ 86 !!!! Beware .
 I have used this product for about a month and I can tell you that it smells great for the first 5 mins . After that , the scent disappears and it is as if you did not use it at all . Trust me , this is a waste of money .
 Do n't waste your money on this cologne . It smells great , but after 10 minutes it 's as if you never splashed it on .
 the brush is not long enough to reach the middle of my back , never mind the ergonomic handle . i get pain in the wrists trying to reach the middle of my back . the brush bristles are fine ; they hold soap . i should have measured but when the ad said far-reaching I thought it would be long enough . I ama six foot male with a wide back and average lenght arms so I would say the brush needs to be another 3 '' to 4 '' longer .
 This company surprizes me with they 're very poor customer service.When the brush head cracked , making it un-usable , all they would say is : '' It is not our problem . `` I will not purchase from this seller again .
 Opened the package and the bristles were falling out , then after the first use , the brush cracked right down the bristles . So disappointed ! DO NOT BUY !
 Unusually flimsy product . The wood is of such poor quality that the handle cracked after only a few weeks .
 Currently I have had this brush about a month . After 6 uses the handle broke off from the green part to the end where the rope goes through the handle which cut the handle to about 1/2 it 's size . I purchased this for it 's `` Far reaching '' length . I can no longer use it for what I purchased this for . I drilled a hole in what was left of the handle & glued the brush head to make it more secure to the handle & am using it for much shorter chores . I would not recommend Earth Therapeautics Erogo Form Far Reaching Brush .
 Brush is made of wood and the head split after 1 use . Brush should be made of a water resistant material . Do n't waste your money on this product .
 I 've used many back brushes over the years . This one is very nice and has very soft bristles . But the wood in the head of the brush is turning black with mold . Also turning black where the bristles attach to the brush . Gross . I 've only had it about a month . I hang it in the same place as all the other brushes I 've had , but no others have ever turned black .
 So as far as the brush and bristles go , I like this . The bristles are n't too hard or two soft , and it is pretty great.That said , the handle sucks . It broke with only light pressure after about 2 weeks , and you can see many others have had the same problem . I have no idea how these other people with the high ratings actually use this thing without breaking it .
 I did not order this but bought it at Target . The brush fibers came out after 3rd use . Brush head keeps coming apart . Wo n't ever buy again .
 The shaft on this brush is made of plastic and will break upon use . I do not recommend it . The brush would be much better if the shaft were made of wood .
 This piece of junk back scrubber had small cracks in the wood upon arrival and the head broke off from the handle -LRB- it 's only affixed by cheap wood staples -RRB- after only two uses . What a worthless product ! I will never buy an Earth Therapeutics product ever again .
 item used 2 times and it split along the handel and brissels lost
 This product broke after a week of using it . I was able to fix it though .
 Save your money . The finish on the brush is not good . The brush started to mold and mildew within a few days . Cleaned and cleaned but it would not come out . Had discontinue use after just a few weeks . Poor product .
 Handle snapped in half after 6 weeks and maybe 15 separate uses . Maybe a total of 15 minutes of use before it broke . I have used brushes like this one for years . This was junk . Very disappointing .
 This product lasted exactly 3 uses . The handle broke and the head is starting to crack.I would recommend spending a few more bucks and getting something that will last a least 3 days.Edit
 After only TWO days hanging in the shower , the wooden head split open and the bristles began falling on the floor . The wood is very cheap so buy a plastic brush .
 The handle drops off the brush end within a week . I ca n't figure out why the manufacturer does n't fix this problem .
 Had the brush for a week or so and the head has fallen off the handle already . Glued it back to together and seems fine now .
 I bought this brush just four months ago . Last week , the handle fell off . After seeing how it was attached , I 'm surprised it lasted this long . There were just two tiny nails holding the handle to the brush , and those were so close together there may as well have only been one.Also , do n't believe the product description that suggests the handle can be bent to the `` desired shape . '' It 's WOOD ! It 's evident whoever is trying to sell this has n't even looked at their own product .
 The brush head came off the first time used . DO NOT BUY ! I usually read reviews and apparently did not on this item . My Bad .
 I have been using it for less than a month and the wood handle has split . should not be used near water - but then is n't supposed to be a bath brush ? I 'm not sure what they were thinking .
 Looks good but cracked after one use . Bristles falling out . contacted seller but no reply . Do n't buy . .
 During the very first use the head popped off the handle ! Does n't look like there was very much adhesive applied when it was put together so I 'm going to try re-gluing . But having that happen right away was a real disappointment so I ca n't recommend this item .
 Purchased Far Reaching '' Back Brush with Ergonomic Grip Handle . Brush BROKE IN HALF within 6 - weeks . Only used it about 9 - times . Would n't purchase this DANGEROUS wooden edged product again .
 The actual brush is good but they fall off after a few uses . We have found this common with any backbrush we have purchased . Now we just take the brush off and glue them on with crazy glue or liquid nails .
 Head and handle seperated after just a few uses . Two pieces of wood wedged together , I do n't even think they used glue , or at least were n't clever enough to use waterproof glue . The bristles were very soft too , not stiff enough for exfoliation or even a good back-scratching feeling .
 I used it once and it broke in two pieces . The head is attached to the handle with a very small metal staple that is not sufficient for long term use . It was very inexpensive so I guess you get what you pay for . I will not be returning to Earh Therapeutics in the future .
 I was very disappointed with this item . The bristles felt good , but in following the directions to gently tap excess water off of the brush after use , the brush head came off in less than 5 uses . It was impossible to reattach as well . I bought a similar two-sided back scrubber made by the same company in a grocery store , and the head came off that one after only a couple of weeks as well . I would not recommend this company 's products to anyone .
 Well , this products started out great , but it quickly began to give my husband problems , because the brush was n't stiff enough when wet . Then it dropped off the hook on the wall , and the head broke off the handle . It was about a month old . It had very thin staples holding on the brush that were beginning to rust . It was not made well at all in my opinion for the shower .
 Snapped in two with the first use . It 's made with particle board . There is NO WAY they designed this brush thinking they were providing a quality , marketable product . They sell it -LRB- probably primarily by mail -RRB- and hope that you 'll just live with it . They never responded to my emails , but when I notified Amazon.com of their lack of response and what a ripoff Earth Therapeutics was I had a refund notice withing a couple of hours . So in summary , Earth Therapeutics sucks , but Amazon.com is AWESOME !
 Well , I should have read all these bad reviews before I bought this lousy product . My bad . Do n't waste your money or your time on this brush . I have used my new back brush a total of 3 times . Today in the shower , the brush broke completely off the handle . I literally received it 5 days ago . Bummer . Obviously I would n't suggest buying this brush .
 I bought this brush with fairly low expectations . I assumed I would get a brush that would last for a few months at which time I would buy another one . This brush got wet one time and the next day the head of the brush split and several of the bristle inserts fell out . I decided I could deal with that , it was a cheap brush and it was still useable . After the second time the brush got wet the head of the brush fell off of the handle . My recommendation is to spend an extra $ 5 and buy a brush that is higher quality .
 The Brush has excellent reach.However after only a few uses the wood is already starting to split.I dont know how long it will last
 I guess I did n't pay attention to the description because I wanted a body scrub brush . This brush is way too soft and light to be used for exfoliating the skin either wet or dry . I guess I misread the description .
 Stop ! DO NOT PURCHASE ! It 's not often that you see a product with as many one star reviews as five star reviews . Based on that I was some what reluctant to purchase this item , but since it was only about $ 7.00 thought why not give it a try.What a mistake . The brush cracked in two places the very first time it was used.Probably the poorest quality item I have ever purchased . A complete waste of seven dollars -LRB- not worth the effort of trying to get a refund -RRB- . I have other Earth Therapeutics items that I love . The concept of this brush is fine , but the implementation is lousy . WHAT A SHAME
 This brush was exactly what I was looking for ! Imagine my disappointment when the very first time I used it , the handle broke in the area under the rubber grip ! I tried gluing the handle , but that lasted for less than 1 use .
 This is yet another disappointment . I have purchased four back brushes in the last few months . Three have broken almost immediately . Each was made in China and , after close examination , they are made of very thin material under the rubbery grip . This one has not broken yet , but it is made in China and has very thin material under the grip -LRB- same location the others broke -RRB- . The brush itself is rather nice , but the wood brush area split after the first use and bristles are beginning to fall out . I give it another week at most . I think Fuller , while very expensive , is probably the best value . Stores need to recognize the junk and stop pushing it to us as consumers . And we , as consumers , need to stand up and rebel against this type of garbage .
 I purchased this brush 8/13/2010 ; for a brush costing less than $ 10 it was a good brush . This brush was used daily for a year -LRB- it broke 8/31/2011 -RRB- till the handle broke at the end that you hold it at . I had no issues with the brush during the past year . Would I recommend it ? Yeap - for the price . I 'm actually getting another one as I write this review . UPDATE 2/12/2012 - Well the one I purchased in 9/2011 just broke - and get this - at the same spot as the last one . I really think this brush has a design flaw . I decided to get a diffrent brush this time , it 's getting old having this brush break .
 This brush lasted about a month -LRB- about 25 uses -RRB- until the bristles were gone ; thus , although it was cheap , I did n't realize it would be disposable ! The wood continues to endure , but the business part , the bristles , are now completely useless .
 Within 4 days of first touching water , the wood at the base of the bristles showed fissures and cracks , and then began to turn black -LRB- mildew ? -RRB- . Clearly , this brush is not well-designed to cope with water , which is where the product is supposed to be used , unfortunately . It did not crack , but I did not use it long enough to get to that point . I could see how if it got much more warped , it would crack and you would n't be able to fit the removable brush head back onto the handle . Threw it away . I wonder if plastic brushes would do better . I would not recommend this product at all .
 First time I used brush head fell off . Would have re-glued it but stick end was warped . Definitely do n't waste your money . Trash
 The brush that was mailed to me was by this manufacturer but did n't look like the one in the picture as it had a gel-like plastic on the handle . On the second useage while scrubbing my back , the arm of it snapped in half . I am not a big or very strong person so it just goes to show that this thing is made very cheaply , which by the price , you get what you pay for but it is n't worth the hassle . I definitely would not buy this brand of brush again .
 Loved buying this product from Peninsula Beauty -LRB- or close to that -RRB- . No longer listed as an available vendor , so I tried this new one . Ordered 3 tubes of the gel , the second one leaked from the bottom.Am going to need to reorder , but definitely want to avoid this particular vendor.Where is Peninsula Beauty - use to automatically pop up , they were efficient and effective - I miss them .
 I loved this bow when I received it . It was beautiful and went with a lot of my daughters outfits . Unfortunately , it broke after the first use . she is only 18 months and does not have thick hair , Needless to say I was extremely disappointed . I think this bow should be put on an alligator clip .
 Bristles were too soft and after two uses several pins were bent . The cushion held the pins well . Liked the weight of the brush but I prefer Scalpmaster brushed to Phillips Brush
 The advertising on this deodorant promoted a `` natural '' product , yet the first ingredient is Propylene Glycol . Ok , so if you are not aware , Propylene Glycol can cause abnormalities in the heart , liver and even lead to kidney disease . This is a very dangerous product ! DO NOT BUY THIS ! Good health is something we should all be able to enjoy , and companies like this one could care less ... appalling .
 I researched this deodorant for weeks , reading reviews , reading about tea tree oil and it 's positive antibacterial effects . People said they sweat a lot and that this deodorant stayed on all day long without having to be touched up often , if at all . I thought , okay , I 'll just buy it , surely it will work if it worked for all these other sweaty people . Apparently , these people sweat nowhere NEAR the amount I sweat . This deodorant was off before I even got the chance to leave the house . And I sweat a lot , I sweat when it 's freezing out , so I expected a lot from this deodorant . It did n't even get close to meeting expectations . I really wanted it to work because it did n't have aluminum and a bunch of chemicals in it like the stronger deodorants I 'm accustomed to using . Do n't waste your money if you sweat a lot because it will be off faster than you can almost put it on . I 'll just stick with my soft solid Secret . It works the best without ruining my clothes and I do n't have to put it on 50 times a day .
 leaves a rash does not last long -LRB- barley half of the day and iam not a sweaty person -RRB- not even really organic or natural all lieshorrible horrible i do not recommend them at allthere service is quite disgusting tootook about a while to come ini asked them a question they did n't even reply properlyNEVER AGAIN ! DO NOT BUY
 I ordered 12 Natural Roll-on Deodorants - Desert Essence Natural Roll-On Deodorants 2 oz on 09/19/2012 . The formula appears to be different . The label reads ECO-Harvest tea tree oil , but I 've been purchasing this same deodorant for years and it always had `` organic tea tree '' oil on the front label . Regardless of the formula , I used one of these to give it a chance , but it has a nasty odor/stinks when you sweat and it is irritating me and causing a rash under my arms . I emailed VHN , LLC -LRB- help@Vitanherbs.com -RRB- Thursday 10/18/2012 requesting that I want to return the order for a full refund minus the one that I have opened , but I 've received no response yet . The web site says they have a 30-day return policy . Can Amazon help with this?Tom Baker
 I 'm not usually a big sweater in general and when I used this deodorant I think it made me sweat ! I found I had to keep applying every 2 hours or else I would start to have body odor . I would n't recommend this product unless nothing else works for you . The smell is nice !
 I had been using this deodorant for over three years and it not only worked extremely well but it also had a very pleasant and unassuming tea tree oil smell . Just re-upped my 6 month supply and to my dismay it appears they have changed the formula . THIS PRODUCT NO LONGER WORKS AND IT STINKS HORRIBLY . It literally smells nauseatingly and sickeningly like Cap'n Crunch cereal . Not only that the smell is constantly overpowering and I dare you to try and cook or eat after applying it . Furthermore , about 3 or 4 hours after application not only will you discover how ineffective it is but you will have a far worse case of BO than you ever had before . I am not kidding . The only reason I switched to this product three years ago -LRB- and again , I was totally happy until this formula change -RRB- was because Jason 's pulled the same formula switcharoo with their tea tree oil roll on then as well with the result being a product that was totally ineffective . What is up with these companies ? Thanks Desert Essence , the search begins again .
 They have CHANGED the formula of this product . It no longer contains propylene glycol , which may please some people , but it absolutely stopped working for me . The old product worked great for years and then suddenly stopped working . I thought that I had bought the wrong deodorant , but when I checked I saw the completely new ingredients . Sadly , they did n't even change the item number or UPC code of this totally different product , so you do n't even know what you 're buying when you order it online . The one pictured here is no longer available . You may get someone who has old stock , but they have stopped manufacturing it . I wo n't be buying it anymore . Propylene Glycol is perfectly safe unless you have a sensitivity to it , so I will be seeking out another aluminum-free product . Sigh ...
 I have worn this perfume for 10 years and learned it has been discontinued and I wanted to stock up . The bottles I purchased smell horrible and one of my employees said it smelled like cleaning solution . Amazon says it can not return the item because it is hazardous . I requested a full refund and Amazon quickly granted my request . Although I did not have a good experience with this product , Amazon responded with great customer service . Hopefully Amazon will pull this from its shelves - it is just awful .
 I used to love the original Nautica for women . It had a fresh , aquatic smell , with a splash of florals intermixed . It was a very sexy fragrance , appropriate for the young and young at heart . Then , unfortunately , they quit making the fragrance for sale in stores.When I found this product , I was excited and ordered a bottle as soon as I could , thinking that it was the same fragrance that I had once loved . Unfortunately , it is not . This is a knock-off on the real fragrance , plain and simple . This perfume smells heavily of powder and some florals , but the powder smell is very strong . There are no aquatic notes as there were with the original , and the resulting fragrance is really not something I would expect a younger person to enjoy . I am returning my bottle .
 Used this product many times before with great results , however I bought two of these as have n't been able to find it lately but it seemed to be very old stock , did n't even smell the same and had the consistency of PVA glue - ended up throwing both tubes out . Very disappointing .
 It seemed to cleanse my face very well , but after using it a few times I noticed that I was breaking out more often then I usually do . I stopped using it and my face started to clear up . I think after trying many different types of cleansers , the cleansers that work best for acne would be ones that foam up ; this cleanser did not do that . I 've tried the desert essence tea tree oil before and that one seemed to work well as a toner , so I assumed the cleanser would be good as well , but I was wrong .
 Spike is much cuter than Littlefoot , however the color is wrong and material is not sturdy . Waste of money !
 A search just now of Cosmeticsdatabase claims that all 28 Gold Bond products listed there are at least Moderately Hazardous . However , this Amazon `` Ultimate Healing Aloe '' product seems not expressly listed in Cosmeticsdatabase . -LRB- You too can go to that dot-com and do the search . -RRB- In contrast , some other skin lotions being sold on Amazon seem better because they are listed in Cosmeticsdatabase as merely `` Low Hazard '' . -LRB- One has to consider if Cosmeticsdatabase can be believed ; but they do seem to have extensive information . -RRB-
 Usually I 'm a pretty big fan of CSP , but Bois de Filao I can not wear . It turned out to be a scrubber . Even after scrubbing I could still smell it . Literally Bois de Filao makes me sick at my stomach . Yes , I realized after I sprayed it on that it was more of a men 's scent , even tho it 's listed as unisex . Even on a man , I think only a man with a certain chemistry would be able to carry this one off . On my skin the patchouli totally overwhelmed every other note . Would not purchase again .
 I ordered 2 x Petite Cherie from Annick Goutal . Unfortunately I received only 1 x Petite Cherie and another scent from Annick Goutal which I never ordered and which is really not my taste . Disappointingly the one petite Cherie perfume was only in the standard bottle and not like promised on the photo with the butterfly bottle . As I went to a conference to the US I dit not have time to contact the supplier to inform about the wrong delivery . I will probably try to get in touch today to see whether they can make a change .
 I was n't too impressed with this one . I seemed hard to hold a curl and it just seemed messy . I would not order this product again but that 's just me .
 Awful product !! The clips are on backwards making it nearly impossible to clip on and stay on . The hair is very thin and staticy ... BIG waste of money . I went on the website to complain and it was taken down .
 Please do n't waste you $ $ $ $ $ . The clip did not stay in place even after I had a beautician put this in for me .
 not how is was describe ... not happy at all . i would like my money back ... . it comes curly not stright ... . and it does not state that ...
 Used this product for about three months . Skin actually looks worse . My eyes slightly burns , thought it was just the smog , and my skin feels like it experienced a mild acid burn . Itches with slight redness . Called customer service , her name was April , that was no help . She just repeats what she is trained to read to the customers , aggressivley defending the non reactive properties of this product , ` fifty people -LRB- only fifty ? -RRB- were tested with no reactions , so its completely safe ' . She told me you supposed to feel a mild burn . Really ? Not open to complaints except to read what she is told to say . The company behind this product has no responsibilty to the public using their products .
 I used this product for six months and my skin is worse than before I started using it . The wrinkles on my forehead and above my lips are more pronounced than before , the skin on my neck is unchanged . I have sensitive skin and did n't have any burning or other reactions , so it has been rather surprising to see my wrinkling get worse . The only variable in my regime that I 've changed has been the addition of this product , so you make your own conclusions . Hopefully I can find something to aid in reversing the damage .
 I 've used this product for 2 months now and as far as I can tell , my skin actually looks worse than before I used it . I do not recommend it . Not worth the money .
 The set I have just fell apart after about one month of `` normal '' use . This was my second set . The first set fell apart after one week of use and returned and exchanged them , thinking they were defective . I 'm not spending more money on another set and do n't want the hassle of exchanging them only to have the next set disintegrate . I like the idea of chemical and perfume free dryer softening , but I 'm going to try tennis balls next , and if that does n't work , I 'll go back to dryer sheets . Save you money and do n't purchase this item .
 This product fell apart the first time I used them . I withdrew the negative feedback , and the seller said he would send me a replacement . I 've never seen them . I ordered some for a friend ... same thing happened .
 I was anxious to use the dryer balls since they were n't toxic and better for the environment . The first time I used them , one of them split in two ! Wish I had my money back , but , oh well ...
 I love the `` As seen on Tv '' dryer balls , they worked great but finally had to replace them about after 6 months , but I bought these balls thinking they were the same with a great deal of disappointment . They busted in the first dryer load ! GRRR SPEND THE MONEY ELSE WEHRE THIS IS A CRAPPY IMMITATION KNOCK OFF !
 My mom bought these , and they 've worked for her , so I thought I 'd try them . They did work pretty well with medium loads -LRB- even with just two -RRB- . Towels did seem fluffier than before . After about a month of using them , one of them split in two . In the end , it 's just as well because I was never sure about the safety of using them , anyway . They claim that one of the perks to using them is that you do n't have to use chemical-filled fabric softeners -LRB- which are quite toxic -- just check out the ingredients -RRB- , but they make their dryer balls from PVC , one of the most toxic plastics you can buy -LRB- it 's the stuff a lot of shower curtains are made of if not labeled `` PVC free '' -- it is easily identified by its distinctive smell -RRB- and is highly carcenogenic , amongst other health problems . The idea of infusing PVC into my clothes via extreme offgassing from the heated dryer never quite rang safe with me . I would not have bought them if I had known what they were made of when I bought them . For more information about PVC , type in `` PVC health risks '' into any search engine.If you 're going to buy dryer balls , do your health a big favor and buy PVC free ones -LRB- such asNellie 's PVC Free Dryer balls -RRB- or , for a cheaper option , buy some 100 % wool ones on Etsy or make your own from 100 % wool yarn or an old wool sweater from instructions found online , which is what I 'm going to do now that mine has exploded . They 're very easy to make . For an even cheaper option , if you 're just in it to reduce static , just crumple up a few sheets of aluminum foil into balls and put them in with your clothes . The aluminum absorbs the static for 3-5 loads before needing to be replaced .
 This product not only does not work as promised , it 's poorly made and tears apart after several uses in the dryer . It 's a total waste of money ! I found chunks of the ball in my clothing and dryer after less than a month of using it . Drying times were not decreased at all nor were fabrics softer . For pillows , jackets , comforters , etc , a cheap tennis is more durable and just as effective ! Such a disappointing product !!
 Do n't waste your money . We received these as a gift . After a few months , one of the balls fell apart into huge chucks of plastic . We followed all of the instructions-the product was just cheap and not worth it .
 There was no noticeable difference using the balls . Laundry did not dry any quicker . The balls get tangled up in clothing and sheets . The balls bounced around a lot and were very noisy with small loads . One of the balls broke in half after 3 months . It would be a great idea if it worked . I would n't recommend this to anyone .
 I bought these less than six months ago . I do have to say that they did make a difference and my clothes were softer and did take less time to dry . However , it was only 3 months before the first ball split in half . the packaging said that they could last up to two years . Due to the static electricity I still used my downy ball . I really would n't reccommend this product . It seems like a waste of money to me , but then again I do n't have to pay for utilities so it really does n't make a difference to me how long my clothes take to dry .
 I picked up a package of these for myself in the beginning of December along with a second package for a Christmas gift . I think they have made a difference in my laundry to some degree , but there are some cautions.First being , do n't use them with fleece . At first I was n't sure it was the balls , but after a couple loads , it became obvious . The rubber bouncing around in the fleece load of pjs caused the fleece to pill up more than it had without them . -LRB- I 've washed several loads of fleece over the last few years , so I know what to expect from the different kinds . -RRB- Next , my husband was leaving them in the dryer for his casual shirt loads and then requested that I not use them anymore on his clothes because he was noticing that they were beating up his shirts . -LRB- polo type -RRB- . The last caution that I can think of right now is because of the use this weekend . Normally I use the dryer on the low or medium heat setting . This weekend though , I have been using the high setting to speed things up a bit and after just three loads on high , one of the balls tore apart as if someone ripped it open . It is now unusable . Sooo , if you decide to try them , just do it on the less than highest temp setting on your dryer.Needless to say , I am disappointed that this happened after only 2-3 months of use . Oh ... and I still use liquid fabric softener , because they just do n't get as soft with the balls alone . The balls added to the softness , but could n't provide it by themselves . I am trying to find the manufacturer online to contact them about the heat problem , but I am not having much luck . As for the one I gave them to for Christmas , I do n't think she ever tried them .
 I tried the dryer balls hoping to cut my drying time . Yeah right ! There was no difference at all , the clothes are not softer , and I still had to use a dryer sheet to eliminate static -LRB- despite the package which says you do n't have to use dryer sheets anymore -RRB- . All they do is clunk LOUDLY as your clothes are drying , making it obnoxious and annoying . Plus , they 'd always get stuck in my clothes and would just disappear within the pile . A waste of money .
 I had originally puchased a pair of the DryerMax Dryer Balls , also available on Amazon . Mysteriously , one of the pair disappeared from the dryer -LRB- just like socks ! -RRB- , so I wanted to replace it . I did n't realize there were such strong differences between Dryer Balls offered on Amazon . When I ordered this pair , they were hard as rocks . When I started the dryer , the noise of the impacts was unacceptable . The DryerMax balls , on the other hand , are squishy .
 This product may work but I 'll never know -- after two uses I found that it had dinged up my dryer 's pretty stainless steel drum . Now my brand new dryer has pock-marks in it . I wo n't use these balls again . I also did not find my towels were any softer the 2 times I did use it .
 If you ever gleamed anything from frugal relatives , it 's that you can put two tennis balls into the dryer to dry the clothes faster . I 've even heard Martha Stewart say to do it . These ` dryer balls ' are just a way to bank on that old home remedy . Plus , tennis balls are very cheap and will likely last much longer .
 I found dryer balls like these at Walmart and got them to replace costly dryer sheets and to shorten dryer time . They worked pretty well so when I saw these for such a cheap price -LRB- $ 1.97 -RRB- I got them as I heard using around 6 balls was the best way to get them to work . Well I noticed a difference right away . These are made from a very stiff plastic unlike my original 2 which are softer . I was very concerned when they filled my laundry room with plastic fumes when I use them , but the worst part yet was that my cotton tees started to have small holes in them after I started using these . I have since ditched all 4 blue plastic dryer balls and bought six natural wool dryer balls -LRB- my review of them will be left on their listing -RRB- .
 I have used dryer balls before and needed new ones . So I ordered these and within a few weeks I keep finding little pieces of the ball in the dryer . They continue to lose their little spikes on the balls . My last balls lasted for years these are ready for the garbage . I ca n't return them as the window for return expired and it 's only been a few months . I would not buy these again !!!
 Disappointed about the quality . One of the two balls broke down within two weeks and the other leaves static on the clothing .
 I did not make my purchase through Amazon but I did buy 4 of these lousey balls locally and how I wish I could go back and say I did n't . They completely demolished a dryer full of clothes . Of course it was n't a bunch of old work clothes it was really good clothes . Those points on the balls made holes in the fabric and the balls got tangled up as the drying cycle went on and it ripped big holes in many and small holes in the rest of them . A total loss !! Stay clear of these DESTROYERS !! If something sounds too good to be true ... it is n't true !! If you want to stay clear of fabric softeners and sheets and go natural try baking soda in your rinse cycle.Tried em and hate em !!!!! PS ... Yes they are very noisey ... . noisey like bowling balls in your dryer and imagine what they do to your clothese ... especially cotton ... even denium ... when they have sharp barbs on the bowling balls ... did I say DESTROYERS ... let 's try EXTERMINATORS !!
 I used these dryer balls on a load of MicroFiber cloths . They appeared to have done a good job ... until I used one of the cloths on my iPad screen . Instead of wiping the screen clean , the cloth smeared the screen up worse than before I used the cloth . I can only imagine those little points rounding out over time ... all over my clothes ! That was the end of the dryer balls for me .
 I have been using over a month , every load , but still not sure if this product actually doing something or not . It is not really cutting drying time neither .
 I was keen on trying out dryer balls to do away with the chemicals of dryer sheets . It seems as though the balls do manage to fluff up the clothes due to the mechanical action . I actually used a different brand than this one - one with some patches meant to reduce static . The static reduction seemed to work too , since there was none on the clothes.The claims of reducing drying time , did n't seem to bear out . Clothes seemed to take the same amount of time to dry.I had to discontinue using this once I discovered that it damaged flannel sheets . The sheets were left with the flannel bunched into bumps rather than the soft feel that it had before . This is obviously due to the mechanical beating that the sheets gave it . I should have realized that the mechanical action will damage fabric.I suggest avoiding this product and sticking with dryer sheets .
 I read that someone needed 6 for large loads so I bought 6 of them . After a month , I only have two left . All of the others split in two . Also , I bought them to help dewrinkle my husband 's khaki pants . They did an okay job with this but they caused so much static that I have to use two dryer sheets with them . They are loud at first but as they are in the dryer and warm up they are not as loud . I was really disappointed with the quality .
 Cheap imitation , static did not get reduced , and the ball split in half after a few loads .
 I loved these things ... at first . After several weeks of use , a lot of our bath towels and shirts started fraying around the edges . Before I tossed out the ruined items , I cut off the frayed bits and ran them through several cycles without the balls and guess what ? No more fraying . These things will ruin your clothes . Not immediately , but they will tear at the fabric and one day you 'll be pulling things out of the dryer and wonder why you bought these things . Great idea , but only for the sturdiest of materials ... and then only if there are no weak or damaged areas.Do not bother buying .
 The hard blue balls are suppose to act like a separator for clothes in your dryer with the knubby surface . They soften as they get hot . They do not shorten the drying time.All you are left with is blue balls and people who will be laughing at you while the manufacturer does so all the away to the bank !
 I asked for these for Christmas and was pleased when they arrived in the mail . I thought I 'd be able to stop buying dryer sheets -LRB- Bounce -RRB- . As others have said these are very loud and all of my clothes are VERY statically charged and clingy . Complete waste of money . At least we are only out $ 10 . Despite what one reviewer said , I have ONLY used them on freshly washed clothes , not clothes that have been sitting for hours . Still does not work , does not prevent static . Rather these cause static in your clothes and they get stuck in shirt sleeves , sheets , pant legs , etc. . I gave these a good two month try . They 're going in the garbage now .
 OK , so I ordered two sets of these only to be frustrated ! I have a set of the real dryer balls that are soft , but these are light weight and hard as rocks . Such a bummer ! Do n't be fooled , the packaging is nearly identical .
 Does n't reduce static cling - actually makes it worse . But does make clothes pretty soft . Still , you need to use dryer sheets for the static -LRB- which irritates skin -RRB- so not much point buying these .
 A few months ago I seen these exact dryer balls hanging in my local market . They intrigued me and so I got a pair to try out.We have high-end Maytag clothes washer & dryer machines . The dryer has a humidity/moisture sensor to tell when the clothes are dry and thus to end the drying cycle . The last load running time is displayed until the next load is started.I got the dryer balls to see if these will shorten the required drying time . The dryer balls do not shorten the drying time by even one minute ! So as an energy saving device these do not work at all.We prefer to use liquid fabric softener , Arm & Hammer or Downey ` Free ' stuff without any scents or other additives that may trigger allergic skin reactions . And at that we only use about 1/4 or less of the suggested amount - just enough to do the job and nothing more . So these dryer balls are suppose to `` Soften '' the fabric and thus eliminate any need for addition fabric softener . With the miniscule amount of fabric softener we use I expected the dryer balls to hold up well in comparison . They do not!Do not waste your money on dryer balls unless you plan to use these as a dog toy .
 These work as long as you dry no clothes with a coarse weave . They may destroy them . I have now been using 3 tennis balls instead for the last couple of years . They work !
 Purchased these as they resembled some we had purchased in the past . I was n't sure of the original brand we bought so I thought these might be it . I was unfortunately wrong . Our old dryer balls were made of a softer plastic so they did n't bang around in the drum of the dryer . These however are made from a harder plastic and are very loud in the dryer , especially if you are running a small load.I discovered that our old dryer balls , the ones we really liked , were Nellie brand . I order an additional four of these through Amazon and am eagerly awaiting their delivery . My advice is to purchase Nellie 's even if they are little more expensive than these .
 These are not worth the money or shipping . Aften a few uses , the spines starting breaking off and in less than a month several had totally fallen apart .
 Length :
 i saw this product at cvs for only $ 2 and amazon wants to sell it for over $ 6 what a rip off !! Stick to the tennis balls either way .
 I bought a pair of these dryer balls and used them to dry my clothes and they did n't help at all . All the claims the advertisers made were completely wrong ! They do n't reduce drying time , they do n't soften the fabric , they do n't reduce static electricity , and they do n't eliminate the need for fabric softener even though the manufacturers claim that they do . And if the misleading advertising is n't bad enough , the balls themselves are VERY loud when they roll around in the drying machine . I had to leave the house to get away from the noise pollution ! The whole time the clothes are drying , all you hear is BANG ... BANG ... BANG ... BANG ... BANG ... BANG ... for the entire 45 minutes it takes to dry the clothes ! Its enough to drive you crazy if you listen to it long enough . So I give this product a one out of five rating , but it really is n't even worth that one star . They do n't do what they 're supposed to , they do n't serve any useful purpose , all they do is make noise . They 're nothing more than a nuisance , and if you pay good money for this piece of cra ... p product , than you truely are a su ... cker !
 These dryer balls smelled so strongly of chemical fumes - like the paint thinners I use in the studio , that I immediately got a headache . This , coupled with the fact that the packaging looked like it was printed on some color laserjet printer with several typos , was not reassuring , to say the least . That `` Made in China '' sign seemed to blare at me . I know everything is made in China these days , but what corners did they cut in the production process to have these dryer balls delivered to me smelling like they were doused in gasoline ?? Not good . I went and purchased some tennis balls for less than $ 3 instead .
 These are ok . A friend highly recommended them but I did n't see too much of a difference . Also , after 6 months of occasional use , one of them ripped .
 At first I bought this one which did n't work . Then I saw the same brand but it had pink spots on them and said it would help with static . WRONG . I still have TONS of static
 In their advertising , the distributor claims that these balls last for years . One of mine broke into pieces after a few months of light use . Do n't waste your money . I 'm especially disappointed because my son is very sensitive to any fabric softeners so I can not use them or any sort of dryer sheet . The manufacturer refused a replacement -LRB- rather use dryer sheets , but I ca n't ! -RRB- or refund without sending proof of purchase , which of course I did n't have any more . I expected them to last for years , as advertised . I was willing to send the broken ball , but that was n't enough `` proof of purchase . '' Ridiculous and a rip-off . Beyond the issue of durability , they are certainly a poor substitute for fabric softeners and dryer sheets . I never noticed a reduction in dry time , either .
 I 've used dryer balls for quite some time and I love them . The very first time I used these they came apart at the seam . You have to put them back together every single time you use them . Too much of a hassle when there are better made dryer balls without this flaw at comparable prices . I do not recommend these . As soon as I get new ones they are going in the trash .
 These did n't help with static and after only a few weeks of use , one of the balls ripped open . Although I liked the idea of going chemical free - dryer balls did n't work for me .
 These are worthless . They do n't improve the softness of your clothes and they certainly do n't decrease the drying time . I 've tried them with small loads and large loads and have found absolutely no benefit .
 I purchased these dryer max balls to see if it would help with drying my clothes faster.I do n't think it has helped at all.Also my large sheets/blankets keep wadding up into a ball in the dryer.I have tried everything.According to the info I watched , these items would help keep items from wadding up and make items from getting static cling . All wrong.So I wasted a bunch of bunks for something that did not work .
 The balls I was sent were cheap imitation `` Dryer FLUFF Balls '' , not the original `` Dryer MAX Balls '' . I have uploaded a picture to show the difference . The 2 balls pictured shown in the product description are NOT what you get with your order!These balls are made of hard plastic , not soft -LRB- and quiet ! -RRB- rubber . They are darker and somewhat smaller than the original Dryer Max -LRB- shown on the product picture -RRB- . Also , they are MUCH louder in the dryer , and I would definitely not use them in a new dryer , as they leave dents!I have used the originals for quite some time and am very pleased with those . I would rate them 5 stars , that 's why I wanted to order some more . Big mistake ! Luckily last week I found some of the originals at TJ Maxx . I happily paid a bit more , but now I can dump the junk balls SOJITEC was selling me via Amazon . Too bad it 's a hassle to retun a $ 5 item , but I like to make others aware of the difference
 Do Not Use These . They will tear your clothes . My wife started putting these in the dryer and the next thing you know I had tiny dimples and tears in my expensive clothes . The spines on the balls get caught on clothes during the tumbling process and make small tears , ruining the clothes eventually.We thre them away and the problem went away .
 I used other brands of this type of dryer ball and this one did not do well . The nubbies on the ends fell off and the balls themselves cracked in half . Not to happy with my purchase as I suddenly found myself replacing for a different type of dryer ball .
 i have been using these dryer balls for three weeks , 3 loads per week , and they have started to fall apart . last week some of the nubs started falling off and today a piece approximately 1.5 '' came off one of them . i would not recommend them . in principle they work well , but they are poorly made .
 Do n't waste your money on this product . It does not improve dryer preformance or softness and both balls cracked after just a few uses . Oh , and they make a lot of noise too .
 I ca n't believe no one has written about the added noise by using these balls . After two loads I am returning these balls because of the loud noise . I used to be able to run the dryer at night , but its not possible now with the dryer balls . Just imagine hard plastic balls tumbling in the dryer , well for me the additional noise was not worth it . It 's very similar to putting shoes in the dryer . If you do n't mind the noise then this product might work for you . For me , I prefer peace and quiet more than saving a few cents .
 Try as you might , not much color comes off . A good deal of glitter will be applied , and then it 'll fall all over your face , but the color does n't seem to want to apply . The bit of color that does come off is a very nice green . A little lighter than crayon green.This particular color -LRB- not all of the MAC shadows , just some -RRB- has a rough texture , not silky , not smooth.I would never purchase this color again .
 I read the other reviews and believed them . My mistake . After forty minutes of rollerblading the stuff was in my eyes . As it was after forty minutes of kettlebell exercises on my roof.I have had melanoma . I am a personal trainer . So called previous waterproof , sweatproof products did exactly the same thing . It is NOT advised that one rollerblade with eyes closed , yet that happens briefly . The stuff burns the eyes.So this review is really relevant for people who are active and athletic . These so-called sweatproof products work for about forty minutes and then fail . So I 've devised some other solutions . Currently I am covering my forehead with fabric treated with sunprotection and applying the product beneath the eyes . -LSB- I always wear large lensed photochromatic goggleish glasses which protect the eyes from sun damage . -RSB- Another way to go would be , I think , skydiving or ski goggles that actually seal the eye area from moisture -LSB- I think - I have n't tried them yet -RSB- , or , perhaps , swimming goggles . I have the latter , but they are n't that comfortable .
 I clicked on this ad for the VS624 Universal diffuser . `` Better TogetherBuy this item with Vidal Sasson VS784 1875W Ionic Travel Dryer by Vidal Sassoon today!Buy Together Today
 i have bought diffusers in the past and they were all universal in the fit . This one did n't even fit the hair dryer i bought to go with it . It also did n't fit the many dryers i already had at home . Would not suggest buying .
 Bought this diffuser to go with the VS 784 blow dryer as it was a recommendation from Amazon . This diffuser did not fit the blow dryer as the dryer has a `` hump '' on it and the diffuser will not slide on to the dryer . Might work with a different blow dryer . Amazon should not show this diffuser with this particular model of blow dryer as it gives people the impression that they go together when in fact they do not .
 This diffuser is not universal whatsoever ! it wo n't even fit an vidal sasson dryer ! I ended up duct taping it to one of my dryers ... what can I say It was a hair emergency !!
 I bought this hoping I would finally get the dewy look that I see on the red carpet!Unfortunately , I was disappointed . I assumed since this is a highlighter , it would be very satiny since you have to dab it on to your makeup and you need something light and soft for that.It is a very pretty color , but it sinks quickly into your skin , not giving you enough time to put it on evenly .
 I purchased this system at a `` Bed , Bath , and Beyond '' store . I used it , and I really did like the whole Facial Sauna System . However , not too long after using the system , problems did occur . The moisturizing sponge attachment wore down & eventually fell apart ... And there 's really no way to order a replacement . The other problem was that the actual Facial Tool eventually stopped working . I thought perhaps I needed to replace the batteries , although when I put new batteries in , it still did not work . So the only thing left that still works is the Facial Steamer .
 I bought this product to deal with my daughter 's acne thinking that the vapor was going to open her pores . No such luck ! The mist was so weak that hardly had any effect on her face -LRB- she almost did n't break a sweat -RRB- . So if your goal is to open those pores to extract blackheads , save your money and use the old method of placing boiling water in a pot and cover your head with a towel . The only benefit was the electric facial brush which works fine .
 The sauna part of this is great however the facial brush is crap . I even contacted the company about how much of a pain this is and they made suggestions that were common sense and things I had already tried . I barely use the brush because it slings the face wash everywhere . I should have spent more and purchased a higher quality product . Wo n't be doing that again ... . Save you money and buy something worth it !
 I just got this product and was so excited to use it right away , only to get so disappointed . I have tried a lot of professional facials so I know what I 'm looking for . I felt so stupid while putting my face on the mask . It was n't producing enough steam , that I was wondering if I should stick my face deeper into the mask to get more steam or to even just feel it.My husband was trying to console me so he tried . He was giggling while he 's doing it and he stuck his face deeper telling me it 's what I should do to make it work . Well his conclusion is , if you stick your face so much deeper , you could burn your nose.I 'd give it credit maybe for sinus ... but then again , I ca n't even be sure since I do n't have that condition . But it 's not for sinus after all ! Maybe they should start advertising it for sinus , like `` Moisturizing Mist Sinus Sauna System '' . I 'm surely returning it !
 This product does not produce enough steam to do anything . It is useless ! I am sending it back ! Save your money .
 Worked great for a couple of weeks then dead . Took it apart and the buttons on the front are the worst of designs . It is almost built to fail after a couple of weeks of use . Now it is in the garbage .
 Does not produce enough steam . Use a pot of boiling water and it would be better than this lousy system . Waste of my money .
 This did n't put out much steam , and was n't very hot . Maybe it 's because I 'm in the mountains and water produces steam at a lower temp . up here . Anyway , I had a better facial with a pot of boiling water , and had to return this . UPDATE 2011
 Really bummed that I wasted my money on this product . Does not produce enough steam to even be effective . Not happy with my order .
 I 'm glad some people are getting what they need out of this product , but my story is a little different . This inexpensive steamer worked pretty well for about six months . The receptacle for water was quite small and I did n't feel like the steam was dispensing at as wide a range as I would like . It took a long time to heat up and the steam was n't all that hot . Eventually , it just quit heating at all I did n't feel ripped off because it cost so little , but I agree with another reviewer here ... heat up a pot of water on your stove , throw a towel over your head and buy something else with your money .
 I 've only used it once . It 's too weak . It 's just sitting in my room collecting dust . Do n't bother buying it .
 Not happy at allPoor quality it 's a toy saunaIt 's a rip offIts some thing out of a happy meal boxDo not order this product wast of time and moneySeller refunded my money and told me to throw waySauna
 Maybe I am just lazy , I use it only two times so far since I have it for almost 1 year . It is an OK , but not really necessary ...
 the product was vwey dissapointing the resovor was too smalland steamer was very weak . I want to return this product pleasee-mail me how to return it ASAP also I havent recived the visa card nor the statement . I do n't want to incure any late charges .
 I read the review about this product making the hot water explode into face , with no apparent reaction time to get away from device . I decided not to get this one because of that review . I do n't want to risk burn scars on my or my daughter 's face . I am purchasing the Revlon brand instead .
 This is a piece of junk . I bought two of them . one was a mistake and I could n't find any way of deleting the second one . I was charged for both and they came on time . But they are useless.Don ' t buy this . The thing takes awhile to warm up and the steam in of no use . Sincerely Wanda Rinehart .
 I am very happy with the subject Sauna . However I am very unhappy with the tardy delivery as it was to be a Christmas present . The product was originally scheduled to be delivered on December 21 , 2006 . I received it on January 2 , 2007 . Margaret Espino
 First things first , I fell for the good reviews and Conair 's name . I know its not costly , just 21 bucks but still , its supposed to produce freaking steam , which it does very miserly.A request to all , please send me $ 5 and I will tell you more effective ways to break a sweat on ur face then this thingy will ever do for ya . I wud have preferred to pay 50-60 bucks for a nice product then waste 21 on something I 'm might trash . This thing looks nice but I hope it produced more steam .
 Well it ` s a you can say `` okay '' product.But basically it ` s cheap & it would never be something im always going to usei feel like it just burn ` s my face and i dont see ANY steama waste of money ...
 I was excited to purchase this product because it was so inexspensive ! I recieved it and was disappointed because you have to have your face in it with a towel over your head and it gets old . You can boil water and have the same effect .
 Just a warning that this item worked as described up until about 3 weeks after we bought it . My wife was using it one day -LRB- as directed , water only -RRB- to try and clear up her sinuses . She heard a ` bubbling ' and the unit exploded hot water on the lower half of her face . We rushed her to the emergency room where she had first degree burns . I contacted Conair and they had us send the unit in for testing . Two weeks later we received a check for $ 28 for reimbursement of the cost and the note simply read `` We enclose our refund check for the facial sauna '' . We are left with a $ 1800 bill from the emergency room and two days of lost wages -LRB- not to the mention the pain my wife endured for 2 days -RRB- . Most of these units will probably work as described , but be careful if you hear a noise like the water is boiling . She did not have enough time to pull away from the time she heard the noise to the time it blew up in her face . The Conair claims manager was rude and appeared as if she could care less that my wife experienced this due to their product . Be careful .
 what a piece of garbage . i do n't know how this thing got such good reviews . the steam is very very weak . i got it to open my pores , but when i put my face into it . it only steams the lower half of my face . and by the time , i reposition my face to get the upperhalf and have it steamed , my lower face has already dried up.awful . i do not recommend this product . it now sits in my closet doing nothing .
 This facial sauna emits less steam than a hot cup of coffee . I was sorely disappointed . Had previously owned the Kaz steamer and that worked great !
 This product is horrible . The steam is not sufficient for anything . Just may be 20ml of water boiling and you can imagine how much steam it can generate . Never go for this . I returned this product immediately as it is of no use at all .
 For those of you who are thinking about buying this and are skeptical , do not buy it !!! The day I got it I was so excited to try it . Well I didnt even get a chance to do that because it did not turn on . They sent me a defected face steamer that would not even turn on ! So pissed . I returned it right away . it is cheaply made and it looks like it was made in the .1980 's
 Do n't waste your money . Put towel over you head and a big bowl of hot water is lot more effective than this . It holds up very little water so dry up quickly . Steam is kinda weak .
 For the amount of steam that comes out of that thing i reather stay a little lomger in the shower . Not worth my time . Returned as easy as usual with amazon .
 This facial steamer is totally a piece of junk . I thought it 's a good idea to make a facial massage with this steamer , but there 's no enough steam produce , and you should be very close to it to feel some warm and steam ! And the massager is horrible also , after one time use , the brush rigid and the pad became unusable . This machine is totally cheaply made , not even worth to use . The manufacturer really needs to improve their technology .
 Below is what I posted under the Olay facial brush.Products being compared . Names copied from products ' pages on Amazon . `` CONAIR CORPORATION Facial Sauna Systems with Timer '' `` Olay Prof Pro-X Advanced Cleansing System '' & The ideal piece would be combining the Olay 's brush and the Conair 's mechanics.Brushes : Conair - I did n't know how hard the brush is until I used the Olay 's . Conair 's is like those FIRM toothbrushes.Olay-Olay 's is twice as soft as the SOFT toothbrushes.Mechanics : Conair - Love it!Olay 's - A lot slower than Conair 's . Conair is like a nice sports car at top speed and Olay is like a sedan . The problem is the sedan Olay remains at that slow 30 mph speed.Batteries
 The sauna works fine with distilled water , its open enough to not suffocate you with steam but you can put a towel on if your looking to get deep into the pores . The facial scrubber cleaned out my blackheads . But only after a month it stopped working , its not meant to get wet at all , even the humidity of the bathroom will ruin it .
 The Conair product photographed and labeled `` Conair Facial Sauna Systems with Timer '' is model number MDF2R , which is what I intended to and thought I had purchased . What I received instead was model number FM3C . This difference is critical . The handheld microdermabrasion unit I received -LRB- model FM3C -RRB- mounts attachments about a quarter of an inch away from the base ; it feels wobbly when applied to my skin . The MDF2R microdermabrasion unit appears to be longer , which would be a better fit for my hand and presumably easier to control . The MDF2R attachments in the photograph appear to be mounted in a flush fashion and probably spin with more stability . I 'm thoroughly disappointed with the FM3C . I would not recommend this product .
 Now , I really do n't think I have a huge face ... but I think Conair might . The result of using this facial sauna was my face being un-evenly steamed - well on my nose , between my eyes , and on my cheeks -LRB- closest to my nose -RRB- , but crap everywhere else . Much like another user pointed out , you have to tilt your head different directions to steam other parts of your face . No fun when you are trying to relax . And while you are tilting , the pores are closing on the parts of your face that are turned away from the steam . Pretty useless.I also tried Revlon 's Facial Sauna , and found the same thing . Does anyone know of a good facial sauna that has a face piece that allows your whole face to get steam ??! Thanks !
 I am not happy with these products . The steamer does n't create enough steam for a facial , even with holding a towel over my head . I can hear & see the water bubbling and ca n't help but wonder if it 's going to bubble boiling water onto my face . The facial scrubber it comes with is a peice of crap as well . Looks like it was made in the 1980 's , and made cheaply as well . Very disappointed . Will return .
 Does not produce one bit of steam . Followed instructions exactly and nothing happened , the water got warm , but nothing else . No steam . Tried it again a few days later , same result . Returning promptly ! Do n't waste your time or money !
 this is no good . i plugged this in , turned on the power and the inside of it popped and fizzed , flamed up and there was smoke for 3 seconds . it was then broken . i had already thrown the packaging out since i trusted this product was going to work , so i ca n't return it . do n't buy this . it 's also made of cheap plastic . It 's really not that nice . plus a bit dangerous in my opinion . I 'm going to stick with a pot of boiling water and towel to steam my face .
 Do not buy this facial sauna if you are looking forward to any steam coming out of it . I was so disappointed when I first used it , so I used it again to see if I would have a better experience . Well , I did n't . I wish I had never purchased this product . I get much better results and I 'm 100 times happier just by boiling water and putting it in a bowl and using that as steam for a sauna . I have not used it since and I do not plan on using it ANYMORE ! It 's still brand new basically , but I am going to give it away , that 's if anyone wants it . Please do n't waste your money ! I read some of the reviews and decided to get it . I wish had n't purchased it .
 This product does what it says , but it is so uncomfortable to use that its not worth it . The plastic cone is an awkward size for most people , and it hurts my neck after 5 minutes of resting my face in it . I do like the electric face brush , its great for exfoliating .
 Just bought this item . DOnt like it at all . Not enough steam by any stretch of the imagination . I give it a 2 star because the exfoliating brush and other amenities are great added features .
 The timer on the device does not work at all . I wonder why they put a non-working part on the device to fool around in the first place . Although it does make steam , it 's too hot to bare with no control . After all , it 's almost a junk .
 It does n't give as much steam as I would have hoped for , a pot of hot water and a towel as a tent definetly more effective
 I am used to steaming my face the old fashion way , boil some water , cover with a towel and steam as needed.I bought this because for few months I could not use the stove top.Let 's just say the good old fashioned method is definitely better.Not enough steam and does not steam the entire face especially the upper neck and just below the jaw line.Too soon to tell if the scrubber is helping my face .
 I bought this in 2007 , used it less than 5 times , and just had to throw it away due to leaking . The steam was sufficient , especially for the price , but the workmanship must suck and I ca n't recommend it to anyone .
 this product was bought for some sauna action and i found that using a pot with a towel is just as good , if not better , i used this product once .
 I fell for the few good reviews given for this product , which claimed it was so good that it made the skin smooth in just a single use , and Blah Blah Blah . . It 's not true . The only thing that works about this is the steam , and that too takes about 5-7min to build up . But you do n't need to pay this price for just a steam producing machine .
 I am sorry , but this was for my sister - she loves it ! I have never tried it though .
 I had high hopes for this hairdryer because all my hairdryers die within 2 years -LRB- and I do clean the lint trap ! -RRB- so I paid 1/3 more than I usually pay for a hairdryer . I researched a lot of different ones and settled on this one based on the claims that an AC motor lasts longer . I also assumed that 2000 watts would mean a powerful airstream blowing into my hair . Another reason I chose this one is because it looks like the old Conair that I had 20 years ago that lasted forever . Well it is much heavier than that one , and it has a huge fan that sticks out of the back of the round part -LRB- you do n't see this in the photo -RRB- . It is bulky to use and the 8-foot cord is a pain if you do n't need one that long . There is no cool heat setting , only warm and hot . I wish I had bought the orange conair 529 Infiniti . I held that one in my hand at Target , but they were out of stock . It was much lighter than this one is.I should have bought this one at -LSB- ... -RSB- instead of amazon , because it is so heavy that I know returning shipping will cost a bundle . Unfortunately Walmart does not carry it in the store where I could have tested the weight .
 This product is not good . When I first use this blow dryer it worked very well but after six months It stopped working . I plugged it in and it was n't blowing but smelled like something was burning . I would not recommend this product .
 I have used Conair for many years including 20 years as a professional stylist . I have not worked doing hair for may years - but when I needed to get a new dryer for my personal use at home I bought a blackbird . Mistake ! The wiring burned up within 3 months with only 5 minutes a day of use . When I called Conair to see what could be done , they made the process sooooooo difficult that no one will actually do it . So they got my money but they will not get it again . I hope no one else will purchase Conair products either !
 I 'm sure this hair dryer could have been great . I loved my Yellowbird but unfortunately , this Blackbird would not power on . The original hair dryer got to me in a matter of days but the replacement was going to weeks so I had to cancel it and get a refund . Bummer !
 My wife has had Conair hair dryers in the past that have lasted many years . Old one finally died . Wanted the same pistol grip style so bought the Blackbird Pro , thinking it would last even longer . This one only lasted 19 months before the bearings went out and I am told by Conair it only has a 12 month warranty . Paid $ 30 for it , but was able to buy a different cheaper model at WalMart for $ 17 with a 24 month warranty . Go figure .
 Our previous dryer lasted about 15 years before the bearings went out . We have a wall mounted holder for the dryer that requires a more narrow 2 '' diameter barrel , rather than the short - fat snouts popular now . I chose the ConAir Pro Blackbird mainly for its ability to fit our holder . It worked fine for the first 3 months , then the high speed setting quit , and we had a single speed with hot or cold air dryer . Less than a year from the purchase date the power on/off switch now jams in the on position , requiring the unit to be unplugged to shut it off . It 's now in the trash . I expected much better service from a `` Professional '' dryer . Primarily , one person uses this dryer once a day ; hardly a taxing load for any blow dryer . Also of note is that this machine carries no safety agency compliance labeling such as UL or CSA , which may have performance criteria for operator switches .
 ONE STAR IS TOO HIGH ... while I 've used Yellow Bird Hair Dryers for years and have always loved them , their high quality has totally deteriorated . The last two hair dryers have worked less than 2 months . The first time it happened , I decided to give them a 2nd chance . Now , this hair dryers has quit heating after only one month of use.Returning the item is expensive and time consuming ... I 'll just have to find another company and hair dryer . Surely , there are others that will work for longer than 1-2 months .
 I dont understand the great reviews of others . This hairdryer is less than average to me.Cons : It does not get very hot.does not have a strong blast.Slow to dry my hairSucks my hair into the vent on the side and my hair gets stuck in the motor.Pros : feels heavy and substantial.But the REALLY annoying thing is that it sucks my long hair into the vent on the side of the dryer and my hair gets stuck in the motor !!!!!!!! I have to cut my hair out with scissors . Yeah , OUCH.Who puts the vent on the side , anyway ???? Dealbreaker . This machine is going back to the store .
 I purchased the Yellowbird in September . I only used it two or three times a week , and by January it was broken . The heating element died and now it only blows cold air . I should have kept the cheap hair dryer I 've had since high school . What a waste of money !
 I was surprised by how heavy and unwieldy this cheery yellow bird is . I 've been spoiled by lighter dryers and find my arms feeling weary and unwilling to spend time styling . Not Conair 's fault , it was my bad for thinking it would be lighter than it looks . It 's getting shoved to the back of a junk drawer . Rats .
 It 's solidly constructed but I 'm on my second one in 2 years and this one only last 3 months . Sally Beauty supply is not taking it back , they only have a 60 day in store return policy . But the point is this hair dryer should last longer . First one lasted 18 months , 2nd one last 3 months . Time to find another dryer . I 'll probably send it in for replacement , but I still have to buy another hair dryer while I 'm waiting . Very frustrated with the poor quality of things being built these days.Update
 Once trusty Conair has disappointed me twice in two years . One dryer lasted a year and half before it would n't turn on . The Yellowbird lasted just about two months -- blows only cold air now . I did n't get a response when I tried to contact customer service . I 'm going to buy a pro dryer , which this , most certainly , is not .
 I purchased this hair dryer less than 6 months ago . I use it every other day at most . This morning I woke up , showered , started to blow dry my hair and discovered that the heating element had gone out and all I can get now is cold air . Considering that I paid $ 40 for this dryer at my local Sally Beauty Supply I was mad because I have had way cheaper ones that lasted way longer .
 I purchased this dryer a little over a year ago , and have used it almost daily to dry my hair after showering . I was very happy with the dryer , as it was powerful and offered a reasonable selection of temperatures . I exercised proper care for the dryer and never abused it . However , Friday morning I turned the dryer on , and since it is getting cold , I decided to use high heat instead of medium heat like I almost always choose . After just a few moments there came a hot , nasty smelling smoke jetting out from behind the power switch . I unplugged the dryer and have not plugged it back in since.I went to Target to find a replacement , and was disappointed . None of them performed as well as this one . But I 'm afraid to buy another . What has the world come to when you ca n't even buy a decent hair dryer for less than $ 75 unless you 're willing to accept this kind of crappy workmanship ? I guess the solution is to buy them in quantity and treat them as disposable.If it did n't perform so well -LRB- when it was n't producing smoke and fire -RRB- then I 'd give it the minimum score ... but since it really does work nice , I 'll give it two stars . Buy more than one , and do n't let them run unattended .
 I have very curly hair so i 've tried many hair dryers . This one worked okay . I do n't think it was anything amazing . Then after 6 months it stopped being able to blow out hot air , only cold . it lasted less time than any other dryer ive had . and i 've had many conairs . i suppose this dryer is ok for people who do n't use one much .
 Up to now I have not received this product . One attempt was made to deliver the product and no more.Now the product that I really need is apparently on its way back to the seller according to fedex . I 'm very very disappointed to say the least .
 Bought this One year ago to the day.It is DEAD ... Blowing cold air at me . Took it apart . . no fix .
 first off , the bottle you get looks nothing like the one in the picture , second of all
 I have brunette hair so I did n't expect this to really change my hair color much but I at least hoped it would lighten it . No such luck . It only made my hair thick and sticky . It added sparkles but other than that it just did n't look right .
 Nozzle was broken on spray can so product would not spray . Not properly packaged so Product had leaked out & nothing left .
 I have not been satisfied with the product at all . I had a hard time finding this product and I believe it 's because it 's no longer manufactured and you had an old one on hand . The perfume loses it 's scent almost immediately .
 Does a nice job when brand new . After a few months could not switch from cold shot to hot air . Label on dryer instructs you to clean the lint filter if this happens . However it neglects to tell you where the lint filter is ... neither my husband or I could find it ...
 This is the third time I have tried to buy my cologne . The picture is the cologne I want . Yet again , misled ! I received a different bottle , different packaging . It has happened to me on every , single sight . It is the same name , that is true , but the cologne boxed as pictured smells slightly different than the cologne everyone keeps shipping to me -LRB- in the black box with gray graphics -RRB- . I have worn this since I was 19 , so pushing 30 years . I know what I want and am , once again disappointed . I found it last year and unfortunately can not remember the web address , but at least they sent me what was pictured , the white box and black graphics .
 This product made great sense , I tried natural looking false lashes before but felt self conscious about them , I have very long lashes normally , in fact they brushed against my reading glasses when I wore them but they were very straight and fine , you could not see them without taking a close look , unless I wore mascara . I tried this product because it made perfect sense add volumne first , then add color to hide the fiber . It worked , but the next morning all of my lashes were gone and this has never happened to me before . I have never had sensitive skin or been allergic to anything , It worked well for thickening , but they should have made of point of telling you to take it off before sleeping because your lashes become brittle and break off . One set of lashes were totally bald and the other set was broken off . It has been 7 months and my lashes are now very short and still thin , I am hoping my length comes back , and now I rarely use any mascara , because I am trying to keep my lashes conditined so they will get their full length back .
 It 's a very tiny little bottle . Do not be fooled by this . Huge disappointment . Go to your local dollar store and buy this !
 A so-so product . It does give nails a foul taste but does n't last . To be effective you would have to reapply it every time you wash your hands.Save your money . There are better products on the market .
 I bought an even nicer version than this one for $ 120 at a store . I bought the Copper-T and had 2 stop working on me in the span of 7 months . The first only lasted 2.5 months . The third one I got through the warranty was not put together correctly and ripped out my hair . The warranty only lasts a year and the product will surely break down before then . I was told I could not have a refund because `` the store I bought it from is the company that took my money . '' I have never been so frustrated with a company .
 Left my skin slightly orange . Color on feet and hands was sort of streaked.Would not buy again . I might mention I have very light skin .
 i did not purchase them from amazon , but this product is terrible ! this self tanner smells bad looks orange and is extremely streaky ! i was careful when applying but obviously not careful enough , i would n't recommend this product .
 I bought this product hoping to add some nice color to my pale complexion . I spent an hour prepping my skin -LRB- bathing , exfoliating , drying properly , adding moisturizer to knees elbows . . etc -RRB- for my what -LRB- I thought -RRB- would be tan . I squeeze out a generous amount to apply to my skin . . and I see millions of tiny little sparkles in this `` lovely '' tanner . They are very very obvious , and honestly . . its not remotely attractive . Thousands of tiny little sparkles that do n't wash off in the shower are covering my body . I look like my 4 year old daughter that just spilled glitter all over herself . Next , I notice after applying that it is drying a dark orange color and that its flaking off ! I had patches bigger than quarters flaking off . . and the areas that did not flake off were stained this creamsicle orange color . Great job L'Oreal ! BUYERS BEWARE !
 I used these as directed and discovered that they do n't work nearly as well as the L'Oreal cream self-tanning product that I have used in the past ... big disappointment . I wo n't be ordering again .
 made my skin orange , and streaked , made parts of skin not tanned , had to wash off , and try again , not enough of product to use
 i have used these for years and always got good color ... purchased from the drugstore . this box from amazon is probably old or they have changed . hardly any color after using two towels and in two days the color is gone
 I usually go into these reviews with at least a partial sense that I am subject to committing user error . In this case , I ca n't lay fault completely to the product , but I will say that the biggest problems were not caused by me.First , the product does not anywhere say that someone with light skin could n't not use it . As it is the medium and not the dark , I thought I was safe . Wrong.Next , it does n't have any suggestions for HOW to apply the color . That would be helpful . I read around that I should use circular motions , and when I got to it , I forgot and did n't at all . That was definitely my fault . Straight up and down motions cause streaks . And boy did I get streaks.The worst part is that I am seriously orange . And the box says you will see results within `` less than an hour . '' No way . When I went to bed -LRB- read
 I have very fair skin . Used this last night following instruction , woke up this morning with streaks and big spots on my legs . Okay , streaks I can understand because maybe I missed applying , but spots ? How is it possible to miss such a big spot on my leg ? OH , and my co-workers said they can smell the tanning lotion on me . The tan also look really fake . I should 've just used my neutrogena spray tan instead of this . Will not buy again .
 I have been using this product for several years and have loved it . However , the product is now called Deep `` suntan '' -LRB- which is n't stated in the on-line description -RRB- and it is NOT the product it use to be . The formula used to be easy to apply and gave me a tan that lasted for days . It also looked natural . Now the product goes on very dry which does n't allow for blending , so tanning is uneven and skin is left feeling dry . I also look like I have tanner on -LRB- I fooled people with the previous formula -RRB- and mistakes are the devil to get off while the all-over color fades very quickly -LRB- does n't make sense to me , either -RRB- . The worst part is the customer is not informed on the tube that it is a new formula ! I now have three tubes that I bought at the same time that I am not going to be able to use . L'OREAL
 L'Oreal Sublime Bronze tinted SelfTanning Lotion does not live up to its advertised hype . I have used the `` golden Natural Tan '' , however the Deep Natural Tan is not at all like the `` Golden '' . I found the Deep Natural Tan formula streaks and also rubs off on clothes . When applied it takes a long time to dry and still feels tacky when dry . I will not use this product again altho it says `` New '' it is not a self-tanner I will use again .
 1 . Not what you get for THE PRICE .2 . This was too heavy for my skin -LRB- combination -RRB- .3 . I started having acne after using this . -LRB- After I discontinued this , acne started fading away with time , and did not reappear -RRB- 4 . Very greasy.Enough reasons not to buy this again .
 I gave this product a fair trial by using it for over 2 weeks and finally had to stop . My cuticles just got drier and drier after every application . I was so hopeful as the nail balsam seems to really help my nails gain/maintain moisture , but this cuticle treatment does nothing for my cuticles .
 The actual color is not as nice as the name suggested and it certainly does not last .
 I could n't find details about this Wella product . It may have been exactly what I wanted but since I did n't have a product description I moved on to other products .
 If you want long-lasting lip color that makes your lips look caked , baked , flaked , and nasty , you 'll love the color half of this product . If you want a decent moisturizer for your lips , the other half of the product is fine . I predict CG Outlast wo n't last long on the market .
 If you use this brand you know that this color has been discontinued maybe a year ago . Several years before being discontinued the packaging had been changed from a cover with tapered tip to blunt . The product I received must have been years old . It is in the old packaging with the tapered tip , and actually goes on thicker and darker than expected for this color , probably due to its time on the shelf . The picture actually does show the packaging with the tapered tip , but they do n't tell you that not only the picture , but also the product is from the archives .
 My big problem was with the Amazon.The price was too goood to be true but I bought it anyway.When I received it it was only half the size advertised . I argued with everyone at Amazon and they keot tellimg me that I bought a 1.7 oz not a 3.4 oz . As you can see it was advertised at a 3.4 OZ . I took me over a week and finally I convinced someone -LRB- in the US -RRB- that I had documentation to prove it was advertised as 3.4 OZ . She investigated and called me back and said `` they MAY have made a mistake '' they were showing it as 1.7 OZ . Again as you can see I was asked to rate a 3.4 OZ purchase . She finally refunded my money.But the perfume seems to be very watered down . I have been using this for years and this bottle was not up to prvious standards.This was Amazon 's mistake not the outside seller .
 I purchased this product with great hope that it would be effective for my nail fungus ; I ordered two bottles , however , when the product arrived one of the bottle 's cap was loose and 1/2 of the contents had leaked all over the packaging ! I contacted Dermadoctor 's customer service on three separate occasions , and they NEVER got back to me ! So I used the other bottle that I ordered without any positive results . I saw no change in my nail fungus -LRB- I did see progress utilizing Vics previously -RRB- , and because of their non-existent customer service I was really discouraged . I finally contacted Amazon , and they graciously refunded my purchase amount . Thank you Amazon , no thanks to Dermadoctor !
 I 've been using this for about a month and have n't noticed any changes so far . Very aggravating . : -LRB-
 I used this stuff for a couple of months -LRB- two or three times a day -RRB- and saw no indication that it was having any effect whatsoever.My guess is that it is mostly denatured alcohol with a little bit of thymol in it to make it smell like it should do something ... . And perhaps it would do something ... The same way that rubbing alcohol would do something!In the meantime , I started using ` Thyme -LRB- red -RRB- Essential Oil . 10 ml . 100 % Pure , Undiluted , Therapeutic Grade . ' , and after two weeks ... I see IT working ...
 Once I started using this product there seemed to be a resurgence in the fungal infection in my toenails . I was not able to discern any odor of the product ingredients - Thymol -RRB- . I ended up purchasing Thymol and 99 % percent alcohol and mixing my own 4 % Thymol solution which was more effective . I would not recommend this product for purchase because I am not convinced it contains the proper ingredients -LRB- in effective amounts -RRB- as listed on the label .
 I ordered a bottle of Egoiste , my credit card was debited , but I never received the item .
 I purchase the PEPPERMINT OIL for the sole purpose of getting rid of Mice . It smells nice , but do no work . DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS . I placed it in a burner , I put some in a spray bottle mixed with water , I placed it on cotton balls and placed them all around where I saw droppings . Nothing works , so do n't believe the story that it works . It does not work . Also quite costly to burn , and mop floors and place on cotton balls , just to get good smell in your home . I have tried everything . These mice will not eat the food , will not touch the glue traps , will not touch the old fashion traps . They appear to be smarter than the people who make the food and the traps for them . Nothing works . They will destroy the toilet paper , but will not eat any brand of mice food we put down for them .
 This product made my hair feel stiff and behave badly . I have very fine hair . It also made my scalp take on a lot of color and contrast greatly with the skin on my face . Maybe I do n't have the right application technique , but I followed the brief directions ... I am disappointed ! I wanted this to work !
 This product was either old , or just did not work for me . It was very hard and dry and I could not get the color from it very easily . I would not order it again . A waste of money.ROUX Tween Time Instant Haircolor Touch-Up Stick MEDIUM BROWN 1/3 oz/10 g
 I felt that this product made my hair feel chalky and dull . The color does n't blend in , and it comes off on your fingers .
 This is a great concept , however , you have to drag the ball around the bathtub for 10 minutes to get the chlorine out . No thank you . I sent it back and was given an option to exchange or a refund , so I just ordered the shower filter . I figure I 'll just fill up the bathtub with the shower and have my son bathe in that water .
 Sorbie `` Cleane '' for Normal Hair pictured -LRB- black bottle -RRB- , but was sent `` Cleane for Chemically Treated Hair '' -LRB- white bottle -RRB- . I would n't have purchased this if I knew it was Sorbie 's shampoo for chemically treated hair . I much prefer the shampoo for normal hair by Sorbie - it cleans much better and leaves my hair shiny and manageable .
 Bought this Cologne blindly it honestly smells like an old man . Way to strong . Pungent and spicy would not recommend for young men
 This is a gift for my dad , first off the shipping was supposed to be prime I ordered it on the 9th and it says it will be here on the 16th . So far I am not happy with this purchase at all his birthday is on the 15th and I will be giving him his gift late
 I purchased this item at a discounted price and should have known better - it was a knock off - not the real thing . Now I get to return it and reorder the real thing . - You get what you pay for .
 Davidoff no longer makes Zino cologne . CVS Pharmacy was sued for selling counterfeit Cool Water because it 's still being manufactured . This is skunk water compared to the original stuff .
 I not only have an original bottle , I still have the miniature bottle that came with it that is half full . What I purchased is a total FAKE . The writing on the new bottle is not the same as the old one -LRB- the real one -RRB- and they do n't even compare in fragrance . This is not even close to the original , so do n't waste your money . Amazon should be ashamed for selling counterfeit goods .
 I just received my shipment of ZINO Davidoff with great anticipation of my favorite Fragrance , what a let down when I opened it and used it for the first time . Nothing like the original that I was accustomed to . It was n't even close ! Would not recommend this if you have had the original . I really do n't think that they are making the original , just got my hopes up .
 I do n't know whether it 's genuine or counterfeit , so I ca n't add anything regarding the controversy among the other commenters . However , I can tell you that whatever this stuff is , it does n't smell good or masculine at all . It actually smells very effeminate , in fact . What you 're probably looking for is something more along the lines of Tuscany Per Uomo by Aramis -LRB- though this is sadly also out of production -RRB- -- something with notes of woods and leather . You do n't want this terrible stuff ; trust me .
 Years ago I bought Charlie express all the time and the smell was very clean.I am aware that Revlon stopped making it years ago - I guess the two I bought from Amazon were laying around a warehouse too long and the scent is not the same as it used to be .
 they said it was spray and it was just a bottle it was n't the spray bottle my wife used to buy it was a bottle we were expecting the spray bottle
 It would be great if you had negative stars for this one . My daughter and I were starting to work on her hair and she opened the package and no sooner than she poured the dry packet into the bottle did she started coughing constantly . I walked over and experienced the same coughing . We mixed the product to completion , thinking this might help , but that made it worse . There were the most amazingly potent fumes coming from this . I told her to get rid of it.Clairol Xtreme FX XtremeFX Bleach-Out Tool Kit 1 eaWe both went to bed with a headache . This is without a doubt the most toxic hair experience I have ever encountered . It was ridiculous !!! I still do n't feel right this morning and neither does my daughter . I feel like my lungs have been ravaged . If you value your health ... stay away from this product . It was the worst experience .
 it might be cheap but it doesnt get very hott
 I thought this product got a lot warmer than it actually does.If I had to describe how warm it got , I would suggest you sit on a chair for awhile , get up , and touch the back of your hand to the chair , or think about how warm your bed feels when you first get out of it in the morning . That 's about how warm this product got ... not effective for deep conditioning AT ALL .
 I 'm not sure if I purchased a defective product or not . Though the sides and front get hot , the back does not get hot AT ALL . I can feel the coils at the back so I know heat is supposed to be flowing through there . But the cap is completely cold at the back . And the weird shape of this thing makes it difficult to slide it backwards so that some of the heat from the top gets distributed to the back.As I said , the sides and front heat up quite nicely , so much so that you will need to protect your ears from the heat . I 've used this product weekly for a couple of months and I think I will give it away . Time to invest in a counter-top steamer or some such product .
 I bought this a few years back to use with hot oil treatments for my baby fine straight hair . It only sort of works . Only the top of it heats up -LRB- the back never did -RRB- not including the three or so inches where it connects to the back . So you 'll get heat from 3/4 of the top part of the cap . To make this work for me I had to pile all 21/2 feet of my oil slicked hair on top of my head which was not exactly easy . I do n't know if my head is small or something -LRB- I typically wear medium sized hats -RRB- but to get it near enough to my scalp to work I had to tighten it all the way but when I did this the plastic corners in the back jabbed into the back of my neck and they hurt ! I had to wrap a towel around that part of my neck to prevent my skin being rubbed raw . I did try turning it around as another reviewer suggested but that kind of defeats the purpose of the product , I wanted something that would heat evenly all over . The heat settings were pretty good but I wish one more was added , I ended up switching between the low and medium settings to get a temperature that worked for my hair treatments . About 6 months ago the whole thing got dunked in water and stopped working , though I did n't expect it would work after that . I have n't replaced it and I do n't plan to . I would n't buy this again , I 'll stick to hot towels until I find something better .
 At this time I 'm unable to share my opinion because I have not had the opportunity to use the product . I 'm still waiting on the instructions .
 I thought it was going to be some sort of temporary naturally looking dye , but it 's a weird resinous liquid that feels TOTALLY UNNATURAL and weird when it dries . Like fake eyelashes , actually.This stuff should be last resort , I ca n't imagine a day -LRB- much less 3 days -RRB- you do n't want to wash your make-up off to save time/money , but I guess it could happen . I would rather spend the money on more facial cleanser and more comfortable mascara than to go three days with my lashes feeling heavy and brittle.I 'm not keen on the whole `` does n't come off '' thing . That 's weird and it feels awful ; and even though they do n't look like hers , I 'm feeling the Tammie Faye Bakker action . To get this stuff off , you need oily mascara remover and patience to strip each lash without pulling it all the way out , and you need time . I 'd rather save time than money , and this stuff does not work time-wise for my `` clean face at night '' lifestyle.I personally think I like maybelline soft and natural much better because the waxes are soft and do n't smear easily , not even when wet , but it comes off with soap and water .
 This was the worst mascara long lasting or otherwise I have ever tried.The first morning after I applied it my top and bottom eyelashes were literally knitted together so I could n't open my eyes . The rest of the formula was in two large smudges under my eyes . terrible
 This company misleads you . The perfume does n't smell the same . I have been buying Lumiere by Rochas for 17 years and still have a little left . I compared the two and the one from this company does not have the same smell . I even sprayed one on each arm and asked two people if both arms smelled the same , and they said no . -LRB- I had n't told them before hand either -RRB- . Also the bottle the perfume came in is totally different from the picture on the web site , and the bottle that the real Lumiere comes in -LRB- the purple bottle -RRB- ; and the sprayer on both bottles does n't spray correctly -LRB- I had purchased two bottles -RRB- . I will never purchase anything from them again and I 'm going to try and get my money back .
 I had read a number of good reviews about this product , but when it arrived from this seller it had clearly been opened and the box was all mashed up . I have n't decided if I want to even bother trying to return it . I would recommend finding this item on sale somewhere else .
 My normal conditioner changed their formula , so I was on the hunt for another . I chose this and the antipoof , because I have both conditions . I have never had a worse conditioning experience than I did today . I have super thick , super curly hair and this did n't even touch it . In fact , it made it worse . I could n't finger through my hair in the shower like I normally do . It made my hair more tangled than before I added it and turned it into a huge knotted mess ! The more I added , the worse it got . I just had to give up , rinse it out and pull out some leave in and went at it with a pick !!! It was horrible !! .
 I got this in June hoping it would be a good system to make self tanning easier . Kind of did . The system does work pretty good , but you have to be very careful to keep an even distance while spraying with a little overlap . It really helps to rub the solution around with your hands after spraying to ensure even coverage , but that kind of defeats the purpose of `` hands free '' self tanning . The solution itself is worthless as far as I 'm concerned . I sprayed two coats and did n't see a bit of color . It says you can use other solutions as long as they are thin enough , so I used my Arbonne self tanner , which is very thin and watery and it worked great . Much better color . My biggest complaint is the little tube that inserts from the handle into the solution jar . It is way too flimsy . Very difficult to get it to thread into the rubber top on the jar . After using this several times over a few months , I finally had to throw it away because the little tube just will no longer thread into the solution jar . Too bad , cuz it was a fairly good system if not for that .
 I got this item because a saw that it was an Amazon Gold deal . I though '' ohh what a good idea '' and it was not expensive.Well ... to my surprise it was not a good deal . The tanning solution smells very good ... cant complaint ... BUT the machine it self doesnt work ... I dont know if it was bad luck or what ... but after been charged properly it sprays for like a minute or so and then it stops ... I wouldnt recommed this product to anyone .
 Even though I 've read mixed reviews about this airbrush system , I saw it as an Amazon Gold deal and thought it was worth a shot.As soon as I got it , I could n't wait to try it out . Brand new , easy set up and easy application . However , after 10 minutes , the sprayer stopped spraying . I thought it was clogged and tried to declog via the directions . Well , that did n't work either.After frustration took over me , the sprayer started to spray but sporadically . Then , the battery just went dead even though it was plugged into an outlet.In the end , I decided to return the defective item back to Amazon . I 'm going to continue my search for another airbrush tanning system .
 I ordered the white `` Viatek IBOD Personal Airbrush Tanning System '' In details it said it was
 i returned this item and have yet to recieve my refund . please refund my money , you should have recieved the product by now .
 When I put this makeup on it covered nothing , and made my pores look larger . The pressed power foundation is much better
 I was very excited , there were so many positive reviews , and I applied it for the first time today but OMG it made my poors look huge , and brought out some wrinkles I did not know I had . Another thing I was hoping for was no breaking me out , but it did , in fact in like three hours I had a good size pimple formed up by my mouth , very sad ... I guess I will keep looking .
 I was very excited , there were so many positive reviews , and I applied it for the first time today but OMG it made my poors look huge , and brought out some wrinkles I did not know I had . Another thing I was hoping for was no breaking me out , but it did , in fact in like three hours I had a good size pimple formed up by my mouth , very sad ... I guess I will keep looking .
 When I put this makeup on it covered nothing , and made my pores look larger . The pressed power foundation is much better
 I was very excited , there were so many positive reviews , and I applied it for the first time today but OMG it made my poors look huge , and brought out some wrinkles I did not know I had . Another thing I was hoping for was no breaking me out , but it did , in fact in like three hours I had a good size pimple formed up by my mouth , very sad ... I guess I will keep looking .
 When I put this makeup on it covered nothing , and made my pores look larger . The pressed power foundation is much better
 When I put this makeup on it covered nothing , and made my pores look larger . The pressed power foundation is much better
 I was very excited , there were so many positive reviews , and I applied it for the first time today but OMG it made my poors look huge , and brought out some wrinkles I did not know I had . Another thing I was hoping for was no breaking me out , but it did , in fact in like three hours I had a good size pimple formed up by my mouth , very sad ... I guess I will keep looking .
 When I put this makeup on it covered nothing , and made my pores look larger . The pressed power foundation is much better
 I was very excited , there were so many positive reviews , and I applied it for the first time today but OMG it made my poors look huge , and brought out some wrinkles I did not know I had . Another thing I was hoping for was no breaking me out , but it did , in fact in like three hours I had a good size pimple formed up by my mouth , very sad ... I guess I will keep looking .
 I was very excited , there were so many positive reviews , and I applied it for the first time today but OMG it made my poors look huge , and brought out some wrinkles I did not know I had . Another thing I was hoping for was no breaking me out , but it did , in fact in like three hours I had a good size pimple formed up by my mouth , very sad ... I guess I will keep looking .
 When I put this makeup on it covered nothing , and made my pores look larger . The pressed power foundation is much better
 I love Youngblood loose mineral powder foundation and have always wanted a pressed version , as it would be much less messy and much easier to transport , but the only Youngblood shade that matches my skin , pearl , is not available in the pressed form . I really wish they would create this for us pale people .
 I was very disappointed in this product . After an hour , my face is oily and the foundation begins to separate and look terrible . I will stick with the loose minerals , as they do n't contain all of the binder and additives that cause the makeup to look awful so quickly .
 I love Youngblood loose mineral powder foundation and have always wanted a pressed version , as it would be much less messy and much easier to transport , but the only Youngblood shade that matches my skin , pearl , is not available in the pressed form . I really wish they would create this for us pale people .
 I was very disappointed in this product . After an hour , my face is oily and the foundation begins to separate and look terrible . I will stick with the loose minerals , as they do n't contain all of the binder and additives that cause the makeup to look awful so quickly .
 I love Youngblood loose mineral powder foundation and have always wanted a pressed version , as it would be much less messy and much easier to transport , but the only Youngblood shade that matches my skin , pearl , is not available in the pressed form . I really wish they would create this for us pale people .
 I was very disappointed in this product . After an hour , my face is oily and the foundation begins to separate and look terrible . I will stick with the loose minerals , as they do n't contain all of the binder and additives that cause the makeup to look awful so quickly .
 I love Youngblood loose mineral powder foundation and have always wanted a pressed version , as it would be much less messy and much easier to transport , but the only Youngblood shade that matches my skin , pearl , is not available in the pressed form . I really wish they would create this for us pale people .
 I was very disappointed in this product . After an hour , my face is oily and the foundation begins to separate and look terrible . I will stick with the loose minerals , as they do n't contain all of the binder and additives that cause the makeup to look awful so quickly .
 I love Youngblood loose mineral powder foundation and have always wanted a pressed version , as it would be much less messy and much easier to transport , but the only Youngblood shade that matches my skin , pearl , is not available in the pressed form . I really wish they would create this for us pale people .
 I was very disappointed in this product . After an hour , my face is oily and the foundation begins to separate and look terrible . I will stick with the loose minerals , as they do n't contain all of the binder and additives that cause the makeup to look awful so quickly .
 I love Youngblood loose mineral powder foundation and have always wanted a pressed version , as it would be much less messy and much easier to transport , but the only Youngblood shade that matches my skin , pearl , is not available in the pressed form . I really wish they would create this for us pale people .
 I was very disappointed in this product . After an hour , my face is oily and the foundation begins to separate and look terrible . I will stick with the loose minerals , as they do n't contain all of the binder and additives that cause the makeup to look awful so quickly .
 I love Youngblood loose mineral powder foundation and have always wanted a pressed version , as it would be much less messy and much easier to transport , but the only Youngblood shade that matches my skin , pearl , is not available in the pressed form . I really wish they would create this for us pale people .
 I was very disappointed in this product . After an hour , my face is oily and the foundation begins to separate and look terrible . I will stick with the loose minerals , as they do n't contain all of the binder and additives that cause the makeup to look awful so quickly .
 I have fine , wavy , color-treated hair . I have used Rusk products in the past , and they were a good product . This shampoo , however , weighed my hair down with a waxy build-up after a week of use . It also made my hair smell funny , like A&D ointment . Not sure what is in this shampoo or what i use on my hair that had a bad reaction with it , but I have a full bottle and I will be throwing it away .
 This shampoo was harsh on my fine hair when it was uncolored . I tried it again now that it is colored hoping -LRB- after buying this large bottle -RRB- that it would work better on colored hair . Left my hair looking and feeling like frizzled straw . Fortunately have a good shampoo now that is keeping my color safe and my hair looking glossy and soft.I gave this to my husband to use -LRB- truly does n't care what goes on his head as long as it cleans : > -RRB- -RRB- and he does n't like it either . His thick healthy hair looks bushy and unruly when done . Off to the trash it went .
 Especially given the price , this is by far the worst hair products I have used . My hair has looked and felt better on much cheaper brands . I usually do n't take the time to review products , but wanted to warn others to put their money elsewhere .
 I must say it was rather disappointing to buy this product as it did nothing for my acne scars and dark spot . I wish I could send back the product and get my money back .
 I have used this shampoo for 5 years . This is the first time I have ordered this thru Amazon , and am very dissatisfied . The shampoo and the conditioner I purchased are very old , which gives this product a very stale smell . The shampoo has also been diluted to half it 's strength by whoever distributed this for Amazon . Your help in this matter would be appreciated . Thank You
 I did receive my order in a very timely fashion , however shampoo was either extremely old or tampered with . When i opened the box , it had a rusty color tinge to the green shampoo . I tried to shake it up , blend it alittle and it only made it worse .
 This is NOT a real Betsey Johnson lotion . It smells so gross like soap , not her signature scent at all . Be warned - buy elsewhere . Terrible !!!!
 I got this hair dye a few months ago and have n't used it til now , so unless they 're an expiration date -LRB- which was not listed anywhere on it -RRB- I am severely disappointed . Not only did I leave it in for 30 minutes -LRB- they recommended 20 to 30 -RRB- AND I used heat -LRB- which they recommend for really bright color -RRB- but it was n't bright at all ! It looked like I had it in for 2 months and was fading . I did n't bleach it first , but I have sandy blonde hair and the dye I 've used before worked great . Do n't waste your money . Or maybe bleach it first .
 This dye will give you a really bright pink if your hair is super light . However , it fades really badly , even after one wash . Great if you want something short term , but if you want something long lasting , you better look for something else .
 I could n't wait to open my new Ultimate Concealer when it arrived . I thought I was getting the purest and most beneficial makeup on the market . But as I read the ingredient list , my heart fell.This is a complete list of the ingredients : Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride , Octyldodecanol , Euphorbia Cerifera -LRB- Candelilla -RRB- Wax , Copernicia Cerifera -LRB- Carnauba -RRB- Wax , Jojoba Esters , Polyethylene , Stearalkonium Hectorite , Propylene Carbonate , Ascorbyl Palmitate , Tocopheryl Acetate , Tocopherol , Allantoin , Propylparaben , DimethiconeMay Contain : Titanium Dioxide , Iron Oxides , CI 77499 , MicaThis list was taken directly off of the package . Obviously there are many more ingredients than what is listed officially on this page or on Youngblood 's website . Make your own decision about whether or not you are comfortable putting some of these ingredients on your face every day .
 I could n't wait to open my new Ultimate Concealer when it arrived . I thought I was getting the purest and most beneficial makeup on the market . But as I read the ingredient list , my heart fell.This is a complete list of the ingredients : Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride , Octyldodecanol , Euphorbia Cerifera -LRB- Candelilla -RRB- Wax , Copernicia Cerifera -LRB- Carnauba -RRB- Wax , Jojoba Esters , Polyethylene , Stearalkonium Hectorite , Propylene Carbonate , Ascorbyl Palmitate , Tocopheryl Acetate , Tocopherol , Allantoin , Propylparaben , DimethiconeMay Contain : Titanium Dioxide , Iron Oxides , CI 77499 , MicaThis list was taken directly off of the package . Obviously there are many more ingredients than what is listed officially on this page or on Youngblood 's website . Make your own decision about whether or not you are comfortable putting some of these ingredients on your face every day .
 I bought this dryer based on the revlon dryer a friend of mine had . It was not the same . This dryer is very weak at blowing my thick hair . After about a year it blew up in my hand and the case on the outside cracked . I recently bought the Conair infiniti pro and I absolutely love it .
 I use cetaphil and swear be all their products , but , this moisturizer contains `` PARSOL '' , which causes in sensitve skin a really bad reaction.I was so dissappointed , after using all the cetaphil products , this proved to be the worst . . I was told by my dermotologist , some people have allergic reactiions to `` PARSOL '' , it is a protectiove product put in cetaphil for the sun.THIS IS ONE CETAPHIL PRODUCT I HAD TO TOSS IN THE TRASH . RED , BURNING STINGING , ETC. ... So foor all you sesnitive skin gals , beware of this ingredient ...
 Okay . I 'm not sure if it 's just me , but why would anyone create a face lotion that makes your eyeballs feel like they 've been to the fiery Pits of Mordor and back ? I know the label specifically states not to use around the eye , but I think most people who buy face lotion expect to apply liberally to the face . Anyways , I expected more out of Cetaphil . I 've tried a variety of their other products and have been very satisfied with them -LRB- ie . Cleansing bar , and other lotions and cremes -RRB- . But this bottle of Mount Doom Lava , I can not recommend .
 I 've used Cetaphil cleansers with no problem before , but this product is a huge disappointment . It stings my skin when applied -LRB- and I do n't have sensitive skin -RRB- , it smells of bug spray and by the end of the day it had somehow crept into my eyes , making them burn and water . Not to mention the fact that it made my oily skin even oilier -LRB- surprising , given that it does feel pretty light -RRB- . Would not recommend this to anyone !
 I did n't have a harsh reaction to the product or anything , I just hate the smell!It also stays greasy on my face for a long time .
 I bought this moisturizer because i love the cetaphil cleanser and hoped this would be just as great on my sensitive combo break out prone skin . It wasnt . My skin was slightly irritated and broke out . I thought this may be because it was a new product I had to get used to but the problems continued . Of course everyones skin is different but for me this product was a let down . I eventually quit using it and ended up throwing away the remainder .
 Being a longtime fan of Cetaphil 's Gentle Skin Cleanser -- and knowing how highly recommended the Cetaphil brand comes from dermatologists -- when the time came to buy a new moisturizer , i was certain this would be a winner . I have perfect skin that I 've put through the ringer trying various products , with no adverse effect . This stinging , burning junk broke me out in tiny little bumps all along my jawline from temple to chin , and on my neck after only two days . After immediately returning to my old regimen , one week later the breakout has just begun to go down . I 'm furious , and would not recommend this product to my worst enemy . I hate to give it even 1 star , but Amazon does n't offer me negative stars or enormous THUMBS DOWN icons .
 I like the consistency of this lotion and think it does ok as a moisturizer HOWEVER it smells bad ... sorta like bug spray . So , if you want to walk around with that kind of stink of your face all day then by all means , purchase this .
 At 23 years old , I have struggled with mild/moderate acne since about 12 years old . I have the type of acne where I will have about 15 tiny colourless bumps all over my forehead , and some around the frame of my face . I get the odd ones on my cheeks.In time they eventually surface and are red and irritated . I also have about 1 painful cystic zit every month . I also have blackheads on my nose and chin , a lightly oily t-zone with dry cheeks/mouth area . Oh and to add a cherry on top , I have unknown allergies where some creams , detergents , dyes , fabrics and other things will result in swollen eyes and hives with itchy burning skin . This is one of them.For years I have struggled for a solution , while never having the option for anything dramatic because my acne is n't `` bad enough '' for extreme options.I eventually was referred to a dermatologist who recommends cetaphil cleanser , which is non comedogenic and gentle for my sensitive skin . I love the cleanser which has never made my skin better , but it is the only one that has n't made my skin worse . I figured that the moisturizer would do the same , allowing sun protection for my skin and some extra hydration where needed with the `` oil free '' keeping my t-zone from being extra oily ... while hoping to be able to find an acne solution on the side with oral medication or birth control . However I was n't able to get that far because one night of trying this moisturizer first proved to be a `` miss '' with my skin . Burning , bright red , tight and itchy , I figured I could bare it until it settled like many things do that I have tried . However it never really stopped and to my delight , the next morning I had hives and a swollen face . Stupid me , I always give things a second chance just to be sure it was n't one of my other allergies acting up . So 2 weeks later I tried again . I needed to wear it during the day and because it caused redness I tried to put makeup on top . The sticky moisturizer ended up `` peeling off '' as I would rub on foundation , and looked like I had lint all over my face . So I washed it off and tried instead at night again , and same thing the next morning . Hives and swollen face , after the burning , itching , redness , etc. . Do n't even get me started on what happens if you get it in your eyes ... really ? If it burns and itches you are bound to touch your face , and it is only a matter of time before you accidentally get dust or something in your eyes , or rub your eyes in the morning when you get up.Try it at your own expense , but this is my warning .
 I wish I had read these reviews before buying this product . This product stinks . It smells so bad I am nauseated . I need a moisturizer badly though because I had Dot Laser done 5 days ago . My eyes are bothering me a bit . They are burning . I guess I put the cream a little too close to my eyes . I plan to go to the store pronto and buy something else . I ca n't tolerate this sickening smell ! Gross .
 This product is expensive and feels like bad sunscreen . I did not have any burning but the product feels heavy and you can feel it on your face for a short while after applying . I can not believe cetaphil made such a poor product and is still charging so much for it .
 I am a Cetaphil cleanser fan and also thought this would be perfect.But , alas , it feels sticky on my face when I put it on and in the morning it really feels sticky . Sorry I bought it .
 I 've tried this product several times and every time I get repulsed by the odor . I 'm going to stick toKirkland Signature by Borghese Age-Defying Protective Moisture Lotion SPF 15 -LRB- 3.4 fl oz -RRB-
 I really love the mary kay 's products , but when i decided to buy it , was because i saw another picture that i usually buy because is easily to carry it . but when the product arrived i got the one that they have in the displayed picture . I feel betrayed , because i do not have a compact and was not planning to buy one i feel upset .
 This is simply a regular brush , it does not help with tangles at all . For a real tangle friendly brush get this one ... The Wet Brush Detangling Shower Brush -LRB- you do n't have to use it in the shower obviously -RRB- - this works on all 3 of my kids - all agree that it does not hurt and one has straight , medium length thick hair , one has super long , curly hair and the other had thinner long hair .
 August 28 , 2012I just threw away my second brush . The replacement brush lasted only four months . I love this brush , but it should last longer than eight or four months . I am looking for another brand , but it makes me sad . This is the best brush I have ever used , but two brushes in one year worn to uselessness is just too much . I can not understand the problem , but it seems to me it is how the bristles are attached to the padding . The balls break off and then the whole bristle pushes into the padding.May 17 , 2012 Updated Review : Half the end balls were gone and the entire center of the brush have broken off . It lasted eight months . I have just retired it and started the replacement they sent me when I emailed them that the balls were disappearing at a fast rate . Good brush , good company , very short lifetime of use.January 31 , 2012 , Updated Review : I took the suggestion of a person who commented on my review and emailed the company . Within five days I had a new brush in the mail . Wow ! I am so impressed with the Phillips company . Few companies just make it right anymore . I would suggest buying Phillips company products because not only do they make great products , they stand behind and make any problems right . I wish more companies had this old fashioned ethic.December 31 , 2011 Original Review : I adored this brush and still like it very much . I have never had a brush I liked so very much . Unfortunately , I am already losing the balls on the ends of the brush that keep the bristles from scratching . I have had it four months and have lost three end balls . I think that by the time I have had it a year I will have lost at least 12 end balls . I am severely disappointed and surprised about this . So maybe another brush would be a better choice .
 I have been using this brush since I was about 5 years old . It was recommended by my hairdresser and it was the only brush I would let my mom use on my hair . I am now 32 years old and I have been using my latest brush for 6 or so years and it was time for a new one . Sadly , it is not even close to the quality of my old one . I have only been using this brush for a month or so and many of the little nobs on the ends of the bristles have come off , therefore making it uncomfortable on my head . I have gone back to my 6 year old brush where the bristles are all bent , but at least it is still soft on my head . I would not recommend anyone to buy this brush anymore .
 Each bristle has a small , second bristle at the cushion . My hair gets stuck between these two bristles and snags . I have very thick and long hair . I ca n't believe so many people like a brush that rips your hair out . Very disappointed .
 I have bought this perfum , body lotion , and shower gel in the past from other merchands and have loved the smell . But when I got them from this seller , I could n't use it . They smelled old and funny as if they 've been on the shelf for a LONG time and been expired . I was very disapointed ; I will NOT order these items from Amazon again .
 I have used this brush for many years to dry my hair straight . I have medium thickness long hair . It has been a wonderful brush that I have replaced numerous times when it needed to be replaced . This last brush I bought looks the same as all the previous ones , but it gets caught in my hair and will not come out without much work and breaking of my hair !! I do not know what is different about it , but my hair continously gets caught . I kept thinking that maybe it needs to be used a few times to become `` smoother '' but no , I can not use it anymore ! My hair is breaking off in the brush ! Very disappointing !!
 I purchased this brush based on the wonderful reviews for the 21/2 inch version . I made a HUGE mistake . The first time I tried it I used it to blow dry the front of my all one length , below the shoulders , hair . The result ? The brush got stuck in my hair . My friend and I tried for over an hour to get it out and could n't . The bristles had essentially locked my hair in and the brush would n't budge . So , sadly , my friend had to cut the brush out of my hair . Yes , I said cut !!! It 's been 10 days since it happened and I still ca n't believe it . I am now sporting a mullet and let 's just say I am not happy . I am counting the days until my hair grows out . Until then , I am a bit embarrassed about my hair and my new `` hair cut . ''
 I did n't really like it ... : / It did n't meet my expectations . It just felt too rough on my scalp and hair . Ended up giving it away .
 I bought this brush based on the reviews . I have a tangle teezer and was excited to see a similar brush that actually had a handle . Well , I 'm glad it was cheap because after two strokes I realized that this brush would rip my hair to shreds . The bristles are rough , blunt and sharp because they seem to be seared to keep them from fraying . I 'll stick with my tangle teezer . My hair is almost to my knees and I know if I kept using this brush I 'd have to cut off several feet just to deal with the damage it would cause . Spend the extra dollar , adapt to a lack of a handle and use a tangle teezer , that 's my advice .
 I was eager to receive my new brush , based on all of the 4 - and 5-star reviews . I have to say that I 'm more than a bit shocked , now . This brush ranks among the most uncomfortable hair implements I 've ever tried or used . The `` flat burrs '' that another reviewer mentioned are so harsh , sharp , and scratchy on their edges and undersides that I fail to see how the bristles would n't cause considerable damage to hair ! I attempted a couple of strokes , but the bristles ' burrs kept snagging on my fine hair . I do realize that one should n't attempt detangling with such a brush ; I 'd made sure to detangle prior to using the Spornette . This might be ok for use as a pet or doll hair brush , but I 'd never recommend its use on human hair . Thank goodness it was inexpensive ! I plan to do more research now and invest in a natural bristle hairbrush ; that 's pretty much what I was planning to do , anyway , but the low cost of the Spornette won out . Guess I should 've listened to my intuition instead of my wallet ... : -LRB-
 This product IS NOT THE SAME !!!! Not even close ! Anyone who tells you it is is lying ! I have used Resolve on my hair for years and had no problems . I bought a huge bottle of this K-Pak and my hair is now frizzy and nasty . They need to bring back Resolve and quit messing around .
 I 'll admit that I had pretty high expectations since this was , after all , Trumper 's signature cologne . Boy was I in for a big let down . GFT cologne smells no differently than lemon scented LYSOL . I also asked another person 's opinion and guess what she said ? You guessed it . . Lysol . I ca n't tell you how disappointed I was . This cologne also comes with no shrink wrap or factory seal so it has an apprearance of being used . Thank goodness the vendor was honest and accepted my return . In the end , I was only out $ 5.00 for the shipping . Five bucks can buy a BIG bottle of Lysol !
 I should have known not to bother buying this online , but when in another country , your options are n't the best.Anyways , this was n't K-pak reconstructor in this bottle that I got . There might be 1 % in it so you can call it that . But , for 1 , half of my bottle was empty . 2 , it was weird , watery and chunky . REAL K-pak is creamy , thick and smells really good . This stuff stunk and I will NOT be putting it in my hair.I know they say that unless it 's bought from a salon you do n't know what it is ; lesson learned . I just think it 's pretty shady that you 'd try to pass this off as the real deal.The seller of this item should be really ashamed of themselves .
 This stuff is nasty . The product in the bottle is fake . It is watery and does n't help reconstruct your hair at all . I 've used it before and loved it when I bought at a real salon ... Either this seller is tampering with the product or it 's super old .
 I purchased this product because after years of heat damage , my hair needed some serious help , and apparently this stuff works wonders . I ordered the largest bottle because of how great it 's supposed to be . The product I received literally looks like cottage cheese in a bottle , it 's gross . It made my hair feel dry and sticky . Pretty sure this is a scam so beware if you 're thinking of getting it off Amazon .
 I bought this product from Amazon and it was terrible . It looked old - it looked like oatmeal . It did n't do anything for my hair . I used the reconstructor instead of conditioner and it took my 30 minutes to get all the detangle my hair .
 Ive have had Joico 's reconstructor before and know what to expect and this is DEFINITELY not that . Its as if something entirely different was put inside the package . . The smell and texture are entirely different ... Needless to say I 'm far less than thrilled . .
 I 'm not sure if this was a scam or what , but I do not think the actual product was in the container I got . It smelled awful , it was runny , and had an odd color . I 've used Joico products before . Maybe this was expired or maybe I got taken , but after one use I threw the rest of it away , Lord only knows what was in there that I was putting on my hair ! NOT at all pleased , a huge waste of money ! Buy these products at a licensed retailer , not on here !
 I received this in a runny clotted condition . I am using it up anyway due to its small size but I am annoyed it 's not right .
 I normally love Joico products , and was happy to be able to puchase this via Amazon . Product arrived on time , but must be several years old - it is grainy , clearly old , and I seriously doubt it is still effective . What a waste of money . I wo n't buy this kind of product via Amazon again .
 I have been a user of the K-Pak Reconstructor in the smaller tube size for a long time . I decided to buy the bigger size as it seemed like a better deal . It is definitely not the same product . It 's not as thick and is very watery . My hair does not get as soft as with the smaller size tube product and I end up using much more of the product to compensate . Not worth the money .
 When I received this product , it was all weirdly textured , like it was very old . It was broken down and smelled weird . I used it anyway , might as well have used Suave . I have purchased this product from salons in the past and LOVED it , so I know that this stuff was either very old or fake . BEWARE !
 Not the same consistency as ones I bought in store . I purchased 2 tubes from this dealer and they are much more liquid than the thicker consistency I find when I purchase in a store such as Ulta . Dissapointed .
 I bought this product and what I received was a bottle full of water ! And I bought the Intense Hydrating Treatment from the same seller too . The product was so weird and watery . I showed my hairdresser and he told me that this was not a real Joico product . This is such a shame ! I felt cheated . If I could give 0 stars , I would !
 This is the weirdest consistency ever.Like putting H2O on your hair!My first reaction was it ca n't be right and after reading other reviews I think I am right!The smell is odd not really bad just odd and I can live with that.But it has done NOTHING for my hair , NOTHING ! Beware ladies : -LRB-
 I bought this treatment hoping it would work wonders for my dry , damaged hair . After first use , I did not see any improvement in my hair . I thought that maybe it takes more than one time to see better results . I 've been using it for over a month and my hair still looks and feels the same . The product smells nice , like bananas , but I do not like the watery consistency and texture . Maybe it 's not working on my hair which was damaged from bleach and heat damage . The only thing that has helped my hair so far was hot oil treatments and frequent trims .
 I received a used and dirty brush . I emailed the company who advised they would send me a package for returning that item , and I have not received that yet either !
 I would NEVER buy from this vendor again . There are other places where I can buy this product -LRB- which is good -RRB- . He charged over 30 % for shipping . I wrote and offered to pay a resonable shipping charge but he would not . Amazon was absolutely no help either . Will think long and hard about using Amazon vendor again .
 This product used to come in a silver metal cylindrical canister and had a thicker , waxier consistency ; not to mention worked great . Now it 's in a red rectangular plastic container , has a thinner texture , and smells different . Functionality is still ok , but it was much better before they changed it .
 I started buying this Trucco Duo at the shop where I attended Cosmetology school , but it was very expensive . When I found it on Amazon at this price , I was thrilled.First problem
 I ordered the Buff , but mistakenly was given another shade . To ship it back would cost too much to have it replaced . Kept the product and hope to be able to give to someone who may use it .
 I saw someone said this worked as well as Fostril -LRB- used for over 30 years -RRB- . IT DOES NOT ! It is astringent -LRB- burns -RRB- and does not go one as well -LRB- it separates -RRB- , cover as well , heal as well . Match Fostril , then you have something . With so many users I do not know why Westwood Squibb stopped producing , we would have paid more . This , not as good a product , cost more and is not even close to being as good .
 I purchased this product 6 months ago and used it consistently.The product does not help with dark circles under eyes at all . I am not sure if it does anything good either as it does not reduce puffiness or hydrates sufficiently.My boyfriend tried the cream as well and found no help for his dark circles either so he came back to using Origins with GinZing.I was very disappointed in quality of this product . I understand that dark circles are tough to fight but cream should at least hydrate and bring some other relief to your eye area.I would not recommend this product to anyone .
 I know , there are lots of Ivory lovers out there.But this soap literally makes me gag . The scent is so fake & perfumey.Maybe I 've just been using handmade & natural soaps for too long . But this one just makes me feel like I 'm washing with chemicals .
 After trying the best of all , we end up using Olay for years now .
 Not the product as listed , or depicted , called got the run around , ?? I suggest if you want Baby Doll , go elsewhere ... `` Thumbs Down Company ''
 I 'm usually a big fan of most of CSP 's Vanille line , but on my skin Vanille Coco is a big no-no . It must be my chemistry . At first I can clearly smell a faint coconut , then it immediately turns into a very fake , artificial chemical smell . It stays that way for hours on my skin , never changing from start to finish . For reference my favorite CSP 's are Vanille Peache and Vanille Citrus .
 After reading the rave reviews on this spray , I decided to give it a try . However , when I got the product and smelled it ... I was disappointed right away . It smells nothing like the description and is VERY overpowering . I thought maybe I just had to warm up to it , so I sprayed it on each wrist and tried to keep it on all day . I lasted for a few hours and just could not take it anymore ... at this point it gave me a horrible headache and when my boyfriend came home he asked what the `` weird smell '' was and looked disgusted ... I had to take a shower to scrub it off for both of our sake ! Bottom line
 Beware of this one ! I ordered this product and what I received was a half full 1.6 oz . bottle that was dented and dirty , obviously used . The ad says 3.3 oz . bottle , new and unused . That is NOT what I received .
 I have been using this perfume for over 15 years . I should have known with the price being so low something was wrong . The perfume is not the same . It 'S a weak attempt of the real thing . The scent is different . The perfume looses its scent rapidly . I knew for sure when my son said Mom I like your new perfume and then he went ha ha ha . Even he could tell ! I do n't think the company will be very happy to hear you are selling perfume under their name and it is definetly not!I tried this once before buying some perfume being lured in by the low price only to be completely blown away that the perfume was bootleg . My husband ordered this for me.This time I 'm not going to lay back and do nothing . I 'm going to contact Paris and let them know about the false adverstisement . I do n't think they will be very happy . I would prepare for some bad news.I 'm stuck with one closed new bottle of perfume purchased from you and I would like to return it .
 Not the product as listed , or depicted , called got the run around , ?? I suggest if you want Baby Doll , go elsewhere ... `` Thumbs Down Company ''
 I 'm disappointed to say that this product did n't cover any of my gray hairs . There is no change in my hair color whatsoever . I used the whole bottle and left it on for 40 minutes . -LRB- My original hair is brown , but I followed the instructions for white , hoping to cover my `` gray '' hairs , which are actually more like silver than white . -RRB- I 've tried other hennas before , and they did n't affect my gray hairs either . I thought that maybe I just was n't doing a good enough job with the hard-to-use powdered and solid hennas . I thought that maybe this easy-to-use cream would produce some results for me . But I think I 'm about ready to give up on henna ; I think that maybe there is just something about my hair that henna refuses to stick to.On the positive side , the product was easy to apply and rinse off , did n't irritate my scalp and did n't smell too bad . So it could be a perfect non-toxic product for someone whose hair it would actually stick to .
 Do n't waste your time and money on this product , it does not work . I have very little grey , just a one here and there . Followed all the instructions exactly and left on for the full time . No grey coverage and no extra shine , etc. .
 I 've know about henna and used it before in the past . It is well known for its amazing shades and therapeutic effect on hair . I got Surya Henna Strawberry Blond . Of course I was not expecting to see a salon quality hair color , but maybe a slight difference in the shade.My beautiful strawberry blond hair turn dirty brow/gray and root did not get touched by the color at all.Please do no waste your money and time . If you decide to use henna as hair treatment please go with colorless .
 The description inside the Surya box says it is `` guaranteed to cover gray and white hair in the first application , '' but it does NOT ! I read the directions cover to cover and followed them to the letter , but not even a tint or hint of color took on my gray roots ! This is so disappointing ! I had been using Light Mountain Natural Color the Gray Henna for the past five months , but was tired of waiting the three hours for the mud to cure and then following the two step process which takes about an hour and a half , so thought I would try this product , which was premixed and only took 30 minutes to supposedly work . I questioned the shortness of the time , and the fact that the directions said NOT to apply to the roots first , but to just work it in evenly with fingers , but thought I 'd better do as it said , since it was `` guaranteed '' to work . I am going back to Light Mountain 's Color the Gray
 Not only does this leave your hair very dry but it left my hair with an ugly dishwater blonde instead of an actual strawberry blonde . YUCK . Will not buy again .
 I sent this product back . I picked the wrong color based on the product reviews . I reordered in light brown .
 First time I used this product I gave it a 4 star review but unfortunately when I attempted to use it for a second time after a month , the color did not take . Therefore , I am changing my first review to 1 star .
 If you have lots of gray , Surya Cream is probably not for you . It fades VERY quickly . I 'm about 70 % gray ; my original color was dark brown . After 4 washings my hair would be a different shade , going from about a 5 to a 4 in conventional dye terms . Re
 I have sandy-red hair -- now mixed with plenty of light gray at the crown , and around the face . Over 40 years ago , I started regularly using straight powdered henna -LRB- to intensify my red , and to add body and shine -RRB- . About 3 years ago , I migrated to Surya dyes -- first , out of curiousity -LRB- because I try anything * henna * -RRB- , and then stayed with it , because of its terrific ease of use.For me , at least , the verdict is now in : The best thing about this product is how easy and quick it is to apply , and rinse out -LRB- compared with alternatives . -RRB- I mix this color with * Dark Reddish Blonde * and obtain a very natural-looking sandy red . Used by itself , it simply does not cover gray -LRB- unless you 'd count a dusty yellow tinge . * Golden Brown * , um , no . -RRB- Any of the Red/Reddish colors -LRB- which do cover gray -RRB- will turn you into Ronald McDonald -LRB- with fading pinkish tones -- ew ! -RRB- when used alone.At this point , I have to apply every couple weeks -- because , yes , a skunk line appears . I get some degree of boosted shine and softness -- but this IS NOT A HENNA . Check the ingredients
 Okay , I am a bit of a `` bath aficianado '' . I tried this product thinking it would save me money because it has `` about 15 crushed bath bombs '' in one jar . But WOW was it awful !! I used -LRB- literally ! -RRB- half of the jar , and not only could I smell almost nothing unless I cupped my hand to raise the water right up to my nose , but there were no skin softening properties . AT ALL ! I would have done better to just dump half a box of baking soda in the tub!Now , I usually would n't leave a review ... but after using this product , I 'm thinking maybe that was always because even if I hated something I tried , I still liked SOMETHING about it AT LEAST a little bit . DO NOT waste your money here !! I wo n't name drop here , because I do n't want to dilute the validity of my review , but there is a certain company who makes fresh handmade bath products in Canada that you should definitely try if you want a yummy bath . DO N'T expect anything wonderful from Blockhead bath .
 Both the designer and the fragrance are gone . If you 're lucky , you 'll get one of the last bottles of the original . I 'm glad I stashed away two of them . I tried to acquire another online , and it turned out to be the reformulated version -- a pale shadow of its former self . If you like designer knock-off fragrances , the new version will do . If you were around in 1978 and want to cherish a good scent memory , the new version of this fragrance will disappoint just like all the other old classics that the perfume industry has watered down.It had oakmoss in the base . That 's probably one reason they changed it . The wicked perfume cops decided that consumers need to be protected from oakmoss . Thank you , but I 'll decide for myself whether or not to use a product if it gives me a rash .
 On me this lipstick was a peachy , rust brown color with a matte finish that was really unattractive.My skin is very light with a touch of pink so I thought `` Blushing '' meant a touch of pink in the colorbut that was not the outcome . Think it would probably be much better on someone with a darker , warmer skin tone.Glad it was a gift with purchase from Clinique . The lipstick goes on easily & is moisturizing so I will try the pinkerversions of this product .
 I 've used several brands of henna before , and can say with confidence that this is by far the worst . Not only was the initial color very orange over my blonde hair , but most of the color washed out after 3 washes . Huge disappointment . I recommend Light Mountain Naturals brand instead .
 Not only does this leave your hair very dry but it left my hair with an ugly dishwater blonde instead of an actual strawberry blonde . YUCK . Will not buy again .
 I sent this product back . I picked the wrong color based on the product reviews . I reordered in light brown .
 First time I used this product I gave it a 4 star review but unfortunately when I attempted to use it for a second time after a month , the color did not take . Therefore , I am changing my first review to 1 star .
 If you have lots of gray , Surya Cream is probably not for you . It fades VERY quickly . I 'm about 70 % gray ; my original color was dark brown . After 4 washings my hair would be a different shade , going from about a 5 to a 4 in conventional dye terms . Re
 I have sandy-red hair -- now mixed with plenty of light gray at the crown , and around the face . Over 40 years ago , I started regularly using straight powdered henna -LRB- to intensify my red , and to add body and shine -RRB- . About 3 years ago , I migrated to Surya dyes -- first , out of curiousity -LRB- because I try anything * henna * -RRB- , and then stayed with it , because of its terrific ease of use.For me , at least , the verdict is now in : The best thing about this product is how easy and quick it is to apply , and rinse out -LRB- compared with alternatives . -RRB- I mix this color with * Dark Reddish Blonde * and obtain a very natural-looking sandy red . Used by itself , it simply does not cover gray -LRB- unless you 'd count a dusty yellow tinge . * Golden Brown * , um , no . -RRB- Any of the Red/Reddish colors -LRB- which do cover gray -RRB- will turn you into Ronald McDonald -LRB- with fading pinkish tones -- ew ! -RRB- when used alone.At this point , I have to apply every couple weeks -- because , yes , a skunk line appears . I get some degree of boosted shine and softness -- but this IS NOT A HENNA . Check the ingredients
 I 'm disappointed to say that this product did n't cover any of my gray hairs . There is no change in my hair color whatsoever . I used the whole bottle and left it on for 40 minutes . -LRB- My original hair is brown , but I followed the instructions for white , hoping to cover my `` gray '' hairs , which are actually more like silver than white . -RRB- I 've tried other hennas before , and they did n't affect my gray hairs either . I thought that maybe I just was n't doing a good enough job with the hard-to-use powdered and solid hennas . I thought that maybe this easy-to-use cream would produce some results for me . But I think I 'm about ready to give up on henna ; I think that maybe there is just something about my hair that henna refuses to stick to.On the positive side , the product was easy to apply and rinse off , did n't irritate my scalp and did n't smell too bad . So it could be a perfect non-toxic product for someone whose hair it would actually stick to .
 Do n't waste your time and money on this product , it does not work . I have very little grey , just a one here and there . Followed all the instructions exactly and left on for the full time . No grey coverage and no extra shine , etc. .
 I 've know about henna and used it before in the past . It is well known for its amazing shades and therapeutic effect on hair . I got Surya Henna Strawberry Blond . Of course I was not expecting to see a salon quality hair color , but maybe a slight difference in the shade.My beautiful strawberry blond hair turn dirty brow/gray and root did not get touched by the color at all.Please do no waste your money and time . If you decide to use henna as hair treatment please go with colorless .
 The word ASH signifies NO RED . The manufacturer deceiptfully is labeling this product as the exact opposite merely to sell the product . There is no brown . It is simply red , red , red . I guess red is better than grey , but label it red then !
 The description inside the Surya box says it is `` guaranteed to cover gray and white hair in the first application , '' but it does NOT ! I read the directions cover to cover and followed them to the letter , but not even a tint or hint of color took on my gray roots ! This is so disappointing ! I had been using Light Mountain Natural Color the Gray Henna for the past five months , but was tired of waiting the three hours for the mud to cure and then following the two step process which takes about an hour and a half , so thought I would try this product , which was premixed and only took 30 minutes to supposedly work . I questioned the shortness of the time , and the fact that the directions said NOT to apply to the roots first , but to just work it in evenly with fingers , but thought I 'd better do as it said , since it was `` guaranteed '' to work . I am going back to Light Mountain 's Color the Gray
 Okay , I am a bit of a `` bath aficianado '' . I tried this product thinking it would save me money because it has `` about 15 crushed bath bombs '' in one jar . But WOW was it awful !! I used -LRB- literally ! -RRB- half of the jar , and not only could I smell almost nothing unless I cupped my hand to raise the water right up to my nose , but there were no skin softening properties . AT ALL ! I would have done better to just dump half a box of baking soda in the tub!Now , I usually would n't leave a review ... but after using this product , I 'm thinking maybe that was always because even if I hated something I tried , I still liked SOMETHING about it AT LEAST a little bit . DO NOT waste your money here !! I wo n't name drop here , because I do n't want to dilute the validity of my review , but there is a certain company who makes fresh handmade bath products in Canada that you should definitely try if you want a yummy bath . DO N'T expect anything wonderful from Blockhead bath .
 I just recieved this little piece of crap . They 're really nothing like the picture , they are very small and cheap . I should have gotten sunnies . These should sell AND ship for $ 2.00 at the most , DO NOT BUY !!!!! This is a fair warning .
 Same problem as other customers . The vender will not respond to e-mails . I tried to cancel the order , before it was shipped , but the vender shipped the item despite my request . And , the item was shipped 4 days after my request , not to ship and cancel the order . I got my product with-in the time table , but the vendor should respond to e-mails when sent . The vender has no concern for the customer .
 When I received my package , I opened it and found there is no protective materials in the box !! The bottle cap is broken and some of the liquids has come out !! so terrible .
 The container lid leaks . I had n't even opened it yet and everything leaked out of the seal on the lid . Boo . I was really looking forward to using this stuff .
 I will finish off what I have because this product does refresh and it does not contain alcohol . However , it does not smell good . My husband always prods what product he 's smelling -- and not in a good way . I myself do n't care for it . Also , it has n't done anything to help clear up my skin or heal the acne I do have . I know my acne is hormone related since I just had a baby and am nursing , but this still has done nothing to help . I will not buy this again . I will go back to using Neutrogena 's alcohol free toner . It smells so much better and works just as good as a toner .
 This body lotion does not smell like the perfume !!! I was really disappointed !!! I love the perfume and it was a reason to get the body lotion , but it has another smell !!!
 This perfume smells wonderful . What is a total bummer , especially since it is made by Dior , is that the perfume fades in a few hours . You need to reapply it . It does not last . I can buy $ 20 perfume that lasts all day . It must have a lot of alcohol in it and that is a rip off .
 At first , it 's a beautiful floral scent , then it dries to something that gives me a headache . I can not detect what smell it is , but it 's not pleasant . I can not detect vanilla in this at all .
 I loved the smell in the magazines so I decided to get it . Well ... it was good at first ... and then I got tired . It smells a little cheap and sort of like pine . I sometiems use it , but let me tell you it smells good on your armpits -LRB- that 's what I use it for -RRB- . I think this smell reminds me of some kind of cologne that has been worn for tooo long .
 I was a little afraid to try this after reading some of the reviews , but the list of ingredients sounded wonderful so I gave it a try . I love it ! It 's surprising . It changes . On me , when I first put it on it takes on a white floral scent . When I first applied it , I was surprised that it seemed like a floral '' . . but hours later I was smelling Vanilla . I was very surprised to realize it was me ! VERY interesting ! Very cool ! Lighter than the Original Poison , it may become my Spring/Summer choice !
 This perfume deserves negative stars . I was in Macy 's when I saw this fragrance on the Dior counter . The bottle is gorgeous , and I really like Hypnotic Poison and Miss Dior Cherie , so I figured I would give this one a try . I really should have smelled directly from the bottle before spraying it on my skin . It is HORRIBLE . White floral scents are generally not my thing , but I can usually tolerate them . This was the worst perfume I ever smelled . It 's way too powdery and it smells so cheap . I was stuck with it on my wrist all day and it kept making me sneeze . Disgusting . Not worth the money at all . If you want to buy this scent , I would recommend buying Dove Deodorant Spray instead . It 's much cheaper and smells exactly the same . I wonder if it really is the Dove Deodorant but repackaged ... hmm ...
 I was extremely displeased with Phiou Offer 's Pure Poison fragrance . The fragrance is disgusting -- smells nothing like it should , has a stinky after-smell , only lingers about 10 minutes , and last but not least , the spray nozzle broke after a couple uses and no longer works . THIS IS CLEARLY NOT CHRISTIAN DIOR !!! I bought some Pure Poison today from Sephora -LRB- that smells fantastic , like it should -RRB- , and I compared the box , bottle , and fragrance to Phio 's , and they are definitely NOT the same . The quality of the Sephora product is superior . Do n't waste your time or your money at Phio Offer 's storefront !
 It was hard for me to understand this scent . It smells like a light spice with a dominating green , herbaceous scent that it obvious . Yes it could be tagged as unique but people around me have mixed feelings about this .
 Why oh why would they place the power switch right where your fingertips curl around the handle ? Guess what happens - on , off , on off , on off , on off . It 's a terrible design.If I still had the box I would return it and get a different model.Functionality is fine though - it dries my hair - so we 'll see how long it lasts with the constant restarting .
 I have owned this dryer for over a year , and although it is still working I need to get a new one . The dryer is very loud -LRB- and that is my primary reason for getting rid of it -RRB- . I have very thin hair and I use expensive Bumble and Bumble products on my hair and my hair always ends up being frizzy after I dry it with this dryer . It `` gets the job done '' but my hair is always a tangled mess after I dry it .
 I am african-american and I have extremely poofy wavy thick hair . It is fine when wet , but when it dries , it looks worse than a full bred chow-chow dog . I thought this stuff would help with poofiness as my hair dries , but I was let down . It did nothing that a cheap can of moose ca n't do.I washed my hair and used their conditioner as well . I towel dried my hair a little and then applied the cream . It left my hair somewhat hard and as soon as I ran my fingers through my hair , it poofed - as usual . So , save your money . This product is not special at all .
 I absolutely LOVE this fragrance , however , when I received my shipment , the bottle was intact , but when you spray it , it leaks bad !
 the bottle i received leaks everywhere when you try to spray it and the only scent i 'm smelling is rubbing alcohol .
 This product is very overpriced and undersized , just like all Proactiv products . They sort of work for awhile , but they are n't worth all that money . There are natural and cheaper alternatives , such as toothpaste for blemishes .
 Results take way too long , shipping was great but the product its self is not very affective ... I would suggest a different brand of blemish treatment .
 This product arrived as scheduled , but unfortunately , it did nothing to improve my daughter 's blemishes . We were really disappointed . We will find something else that will work to clear up her skin .
 I ordered the initial kit from proactiv and not only did it make my skin worse , THEY RIPPED ME OFF !!! It is almost impossible to cancel -LRB- have to call in and wait on hold forever -RRB- and even after I did they sent me another kit , or at least so they say . I moved from the address , which is one of many reasons I canceled my `` subscription '' and yet I received a letter from a shady collection agency -LRB- SKO Brenner American -RRB- saying I owe $ 67.89 ... . Tried calling proactiv and of course they could not help . Do yourself a favor and save your time , money , and skin . STAY AWAY from proactiv !!
 I would not buy this - I thought it was magnetic and would stick to my refrigerator - it is not - the way it attaches is so flimsy I would not take the risk for fear it will fall and break my IPad.A waste of money !! I am so disappointed in this purchase ! It was represented to be different than it really is .
 I purchased this product and it did NOTHING . In the past I had been very happy with Proactiv products , thus this is way I had faith this product would live up to the same standards as past products it did no such thing and money was wasted . People keep your money do n't purchase .
 Similar items sell for a sixth of the price at any drugstore and are just as effective as this one . Disappointed that using it did not help clear blemishes any faster than not using it !
 Stick a Proactive label on a product and charge three times as much ! The active ingredient in this product is Benzoyl peroxide and many other products including `` Pernex AC '' and `` Panoxyl '' all contain Benzoyl peroxide and are just as effective at 1/3rd the price . I found this out only after receiving the product and reading the label , I then carried it to a pharmacist who gave me the bad news that I had wasted my money .
 This product is not good for acne , as I have not seen results as promised !! I would not recommend this product , not worth the price !! You can buy clearasil and thats cheaper and it works !! I thought this product would work better , but I was totally wrong !! : -LRB- So , I switched back to my original clearasil !!
 I bought this thinking it would help like the rest of the Proactiv Products do . I work in a mill and I am very dirty by the time I get home . This product did n't help one bit . Maybe it would for someone who does n't work where they are always covered in grime , but it did n't stand up to what I needed it to .
 I purchased the $ 29.95 trial pack from Proactive for my teen-aged son . Not only did it not work well , it took me nearly three months and dozens of phone calls to cancel my `` introductory '' offer . I finally had to lock them out of my PayPal account to keep them from taking more more money . I ended up paying $ 119.90 for two boxes of their product that does not work . I finally was able to cancel the account , but ended up paying over twice as much as they advertise for half the product . They are unethical and make it nearly impossible to cancel once they have your info . Avoid Proactiv as it does n't work and they are crooks .
 I dont know if Im allergic to this stuff , but it does not work at all . It bleaches the skin , your clothes , etc. and makes your blemishes more red and more permanent . This is full of chemicals and it can not be good for my skin !
 Seriously ? How do you send me a tube that is completely broken with cream oozing out of it . It was n't a shipping mistake because the tube was inside of two different boxes . The back end of the tube 's seal was completely broken and the cream was almost completely all out . The mask has some kind of greasy oil all over it and I just ca n't believe the quality you would send a customer . Do you not even have a customer quality assurance team ? Obviously not !
 I definitely do NOT recommend this product . When I first used it , it worked beautifully - went on easy , stayed on all day . However , after 2 uses , it almost completely dried out . I would shake it to get some color back in , but it was n't a lot . After about 4 days of use , my lips became EXTREMELY dry . I mean , I do n't think my lips have ever been that dry in me entire life . They became so dry that they were cracking , bleeding , and very painful . Chapsticks were n't touching the stuff at all , and I ended up having to go to the doctor to get a prescription for my lips , and skin removal because there was so much crusted on skin that was not sloughing off . Ouch ! This stuff cost me a doctor 's visit and nearly ruined my lips . Will never use again . There are safer lip stains out there .
 But took 3 weeks to receive it . . I pretty much forgot that I had ordered it . This is my favorite face soap
 I had a horrible allergic reaction to this soap . It took a few days for it to really build up , but when it did , the itching was unbelievable . The rash came after that . Sooo , I do n't really recommend it . Except maybe as a gift for your worst enemy .
 I had bought the chamomile version of this soap a year ago and liked it very much . I recently bought the fragrance free pure olive oil soap . It was a lot `` greener '' than the first bar I had purchased . This stuff is caustic . It is very drying and irritating to the skin , very unlike my previous experience with the product . I feel as if the soap was not properly cured leaving some of the lye viable , I do n't know . But the product is unusable .
 this soap was a completely waste of my money , first of all it does not moisturize at all , it left my skin ashy , dried and pretty much upset . I would not recommend this soap , the soap smell like palm oil soap instead of olive oil soap .
 It saddens me to write this review as I strongly support natural products . I purchased this bar soap from whole foods , as I do most of my beauty supplies . I use Kiss My Face body lotion and have had no problems . Unfortunately , Kiss My Face bar soap caused me to break out in the worst rash I have ever had . I developed bruises on my body from the uncontrollable itch , I could not get any relief ! It took me a while to figure out it was my bar soap . I went to my dermatologist multiple times and they misdiagnosed me with scabies !! When that medicine did not work , they had me change my laundry detergent to unscented and switch to dove unscented bar soap . It was not until I was rash free for over a month , I reintroduced the kiss my face bar soap , and with in a few hours broke out in the same horrible rash . If you have sensitive skin , I would not purchase this soap ! I 'm writing this post because I do n't want anyone else to have to suffer like I did : -LRB-
 i mistakenly expected it to be like a luxury soap but no it was quite disappointing the scent was very weak and the color is really awful . . the size was good but then if u hate it it just takes longer to get to its end i will not be using this product twice
 YUCK !!! Too bad there 's no option for zero star reviews , 'cause this soap deserves one.After three uses , I have broken out in one of the nastiest cases of contact dermatitis that I 've had in years . If you 're even slightly sensitive , I 've avoid this one like the Plague.Two Weeks Later
 I used this soap about four year ago and broke out in a rash on my legs and arms . Recently , I mistakenly used the soap again for a few days and now the rash is back . I do n't know which ingredient I 'm reacting too . I 've read several other accounts of people who had a similar reaction . Makes me wonder if they use an undisclosed chemical in the processing .
 Really not that great . There are better products out there for the same price . I was disappointed in the quality of it . Didnt really make my hair very soft
 I tried this product for a few days but the smell was just horrible . It has a fake chemical type of smell to it , like lysol or someting . Before I could even say a word , my husband commented on just how bad it was also . This product was a real bust .
 This products does n't get my hair as clean as I 'd like , and leaves my hair a tangled mess when I 'm done ! and not smooth at all but other then that It 's alright ! . I found a much better product called `` nonsense unsented hair products '' an I love it ! .
 CHI does not have the same quality as before . These brushes break down after one use . CHI has outsourced their factories to China and it shows in the quality . I kid you not . I bought these brushes for my roommate , who 's a hairdresser , and they break down after one use . She has been using CHI brushes for years , and she said they used to say `` made in the USA '' on the brushes . Now they have the `` made in China '' tag on them . She would not buy these brushes again and asked me to write reviews to warn buyers . Please beware before buying . If you 've had good experiences with CHI in the past , they are not the same now .
 CHI does not have the same quality as before . These brushes break down after one use . CHI has outsourced their factories to China and it shows in the quality . I kid you not . I bought these brushes for my roommate , who 's a hairdresser , and they break down after one use . She has been using CHI brushes for years , and she said they used to say `` made in the USA '' on the brushes . Now they have the `` made in China '' tag on them . She would not buy these brushes again and asked me to write reviews to warn buyers . Please beware before buying . If you 've had good experiences with CHI in the past , they are not the same now .
 This is NOT a Boar bristle brush as it is described ... instead , they appear to be plastic . Also , REAL boar bristles would not melt after one use . Would not recommend !
 I should have heeded the warning of another reviewer . The tips of bristles melt from the blow dryer -- happened from the very first use . My daughter had bought one of these brushes , but the bristles on that one were metal , and these are plastic .
 I needed these to only hold up sheer tiny sleeves . They fell after 2 minutes . May as well use scotch tape .
 So I was looking for a non-expensive way to wear my gown for my mother 's company party and thought of these `` fashion tapes '' to help pin up the dress ! My bust is n't very big , so I could n't fill in my dress all the way and went to these , BUT it did n't help me at all ! It just left a big red mark on my chest and my gown slipping down me all night .
 This gel conditioner did not work on my long , thick colored hair . It seemed to add MORE tangles to my hair ! It was difficult to work through , difficult to rinse , and then impossible to comb .
 I agree with the previous reviewer that this is the worst conditioner I ever tried . The only plus is that it does add volume . But it does so at the expense of healthy hair . Even to apply it is impossible . It simply can not be worked through your hair . I have very fine , thin hair . As I applied the conditioner and tried to work it through my hair , my fingers kept getting caught in the tangles in my hair . Afterward , I either have to spend a good amount of time trying to comb the snarls out of my hair or I have to apply a spray-on , leave-in conditioner just to be able to comb my hair . And while it does seem to add volume , it is so hard to get a brush through my hair while blow-drying that I just give up and go for the pony-tail look . Do n't buy this .
 This product is not salon worthy . I hate how it feels in my hair . It does not leave my hair feeling weel conditioned or tangle free which was why I ordered it . Save your money , do not get this !
 This was the worst conditioner I have ever used ! I bought it to go along with the KMS Add Volume Shampoo , which is great . It leaves my hair rough and dry . I have tried using a little bit of it , then a little more , but my hair ends up the same way . As soon as you apply it , it leaves your hair feeling sticky and you ca n't work it through your hair as is called for in the instructions . I tried to rinse it off as much as I could but my hair was left feeling hard . After my hair was dried , it felt like straw , not like my hair usually feels after I put conditioner in it . Is the company aware of this ? Am I applying it wrong ?
 I started buying this Trucco Duo at the shop where I attended Cosmetology school , but it was very expensive . When I found it on Amazon at this price , I was thrilled.First problem
 I ordered the Buff , but mistakenly was given another shade . To ship it back would cost too much to have it replaced . Kept the product and hope to be able to give to someone who may use it .
 Having been recommended this by a dermatologist 's office for help with my dark under eye circles , I bought this with reservations -LRB- there 's no such thing as a miracle product , right ? -RRB- . I have been very dedicated with this stuff , using it morning and night , and can not say I see any notable difference , even after three month 's use . The product does go a long way , but it has n't done anything for me . I should have saved myself the money , because hope does n't come in a bottle -LRB- or a vial , as it were -RRB- .
 I love to wear false eyelases , but these are hideous ! I thought I had hit the jackpot when I saw these on here for the price . well , unfortunatly if these sold for a nickle they would still be over priced . Cheap , cheap , cheap ! If you are going for made-up fake look or useing them for haloween , then these might be for you . If you are wanting to look pretty and natural , do n't buy these !
 When I bought these fake lashes , I was expecting at least a minimum level of quality ... I am use to wear false lasches but those are ridiculous and a very bad copy , which I wo n't ever be able to use ! I have been buying a few false lashes on Amazon and I have to say those are fake and does not look as good as in the picture . Very disappointed .
 I love Mary Kay products ! I was very excited about getting it , but when I saw the charges , I had to laugh . I pride myself on being a good shopper , but when I got to the bottom line and saw the total cost , I could n't believe it . This was not a good buy and it took almost a week to arrive when it offered quick delivery . I was very happy with another product from Amazon , which arrived in two days , but not the beauty product .
 Up to now , I have been a fan of Mehaz nippers having used them for many years and loved the sharpness , shape and ease of use so when it came time to buy some new ones I went out of my way to order only Mehaz since I had had such good luck with them in the past . I ordered the Mehaz 005-4 '' 1/4 Jaw nipper and was surprised and extremely disappointed that both nippers I had ordered were not sharp and tore the cuticle more then cut it . I had to return both .
 The description inside the Surya box says it is `` guaranteed to cover gray and white hair in the first application , '' but it does NOT ! I read the directions cover to cover and followed them to the letter , but not even a tint or hint of color took on my gray roots ! This is so disappointing ! I had been using Light Mountain Natural Color the Gray Henna for the past five months , but was tired of waiting the three hours for the mud to cure and then following the two step process which takes about an hour and a half , so thought I would try this product , which was premixed and only took 30 minutes to supposedly work . I questioned the shortness of the time , and the fact that the directions said NOT to apply to the roots first , but to just work it in evenly with fingers , but thought I 'd better do as it said , since it was `` guaranteed '' to work . I am going back to Light Mountain 's Color the Gray
 I 'm disappointed to say that this product did n't cover any of my gray hairs . There is no change in my hair color whatsoever . I used the whole bottle and left it on for 40 minutes . -LRB- My original hair is brown , but I followed the instructions for white , hoping to cover my `` gray '' hairs , which are actually more like silver than white . -RRB- I 've tried other hennas before , and they did n't affect my gray hairs either . I thought that maybe I just was n't doing a good enough job with the hard-to-use powdered and solid hennas . I thought that maybe this easy-to-use cream would produce some results for me . But I think I 'm about ready to give up on henna ; I think that maybe there is just something about my hair that henna refuses to stick to.On the positive side , the product was easy to apply and rinse off , did n't irritate my scalp and did n't smell too bad . So it could be a perfect non-toxic product for someone whose hair it would actually stick to .
 Do n't waste your time and money on this product , it does not work . I have very little grey , just a one here and there . Followed all the instructions exactly and left on for the full time . No grey coverage and no extra shine , etc. .
 I 've know about henna and used it before in the past . It is well known for its amazing shades and therapeutic effect on hair . I got Surya Henna Strawberry Blond . Of course I was not expecting to see a salon quality hair color , but maybe a slight difference in the shade.My beautiful strawberry blond hair turn dirty brow/gray and root did not get touched by the color at all.Please do no waste your money and time . If you decide to use henna as hair treatment please go with colorless .
 First time I used this product I gave it a 4 star review but unfortunately when I attempted to use it for a second time after a month , the color did not take . Therefore , I am changing my first review to 1 star .
 If you have lots of gray , Surya Cream is probably not for you . It fades VERY quickly . I 'm about 70 % gray ; my original color was dark brown . After 4 washings my hair would be a different shade , going from about a 5 to a 4 in conventional dye terms . Re
 I have sandy-red hair -- now mixed with plenty of light gray at the crown , and around the face . Over 40 years ago , I started regularly using straight powdered henna -LRB- to intensify my red , and to add body and shine -RRB- . About 3 years ago , I migrated to Surya dyes -- first , out of curiousity -LRB- because I try anything * henna * -RRB- , and then stayed with it , because of its terrific ease of use.For me , at least , the verdict is now in : The best thing about this product is how easy and quick it is to apply , and rinse out -LRB- compared with alternatives . -RRB- I mix this color with * Dark Reddish Blonde * and obtain a very natural-looking sandy red . Used by itself , it simply does not cover gray -LRB- unless you 'd count a dusty yellow tinge . * Golden Brown * , um , no . -RRB- Any of the Red/Reddish colors -LRB- which do cover gray -RRB- will turn you into Ronald McDonald -LRB- with fading pinkish tones -- ew ! -RRB- when used alone.At this point , I have to apply every couple weeks -- because , yes , a skunk line appears . I get some degree of boosted shine and softness -- but this IS NOT A HENNA . Check the ingredients
 Not only does this leave your hair very dry but it left my hair with an ugly dishwater blonde instead of an actual strawberry blonde . YUCK . Will not buy again .
 I sent this product back . I picked the wrong color based on the product reviews . I reordered in light brown .
 This product is a sample which can be obtained from many department stores for free .
 I applied this Cocoa Butter to a small area of my body and within three days it gave me a horrible rash ALL OVER my body . Took another week for the rash to go away and now my skin is super dry , itchy and peeling due to the rash . Not sure what ingredient in the formula is causing it as I am using a different cocoa butter lotion -LRB- Queen Helene Hand and Body Lotion -RRB- now without any problems . My blood type is A +
 Extremely disappointed with this product . Not only did it not remove any yellowing from the nail , it actually provided a yellow-tinted shine . Do n't waste your money ! If you need yellow out , soak in clorox for 5 minutes ... done .
 My toenails are very yellow because I constantly keep polish on them . I 've only been using this product and no actual nail polish for a couple of weeks now and there has been no improvement . Maybe it just takes a while . I 'll keep using it and see what happens . I guess I was expecting more of a miracle worker .
 Although this hair stick pin looks beautiful in the photo , it turned out to be a major disappointment . The one I received had some type of hole carved out of the wood , and the silver celtic knot was sloppily glued into place with some type of black `` gunk . '' It looks absolutely terrible , and I 'm going to return it for an exchange . I 'd give this item a rating of zero out of five stars , but a rating of one star was the lowest option I could choose.The other items I received from this company were of excellent quality , however , so I will definitely order from them in the future . I guess you ca n't win them all !
 Looks pretty , but horribly made . The wood is barely sanded and it is not varnished , so it grabs and pulls my hair . Huge disappointment .
 I have had it with lip plumpers ! Many hours of research and money wasted on products that DO NOTHING ! Not to mention that this lip plumper is SMALLER than my pinky . Looks good as a lip gloss and tastes good , but i can get a good gloss for -LSB- ... -RSB- . Whatta rip off ! Give me my money back !
 Brush is just the right softness but broke after less than a week of use . Manufacturer should have use a less brittle plastic .
 I bought this item at the same time as the MenScience brush , & they cost about the same . The packaging on the Dermotologia is sturdier , but the brushes themselves are about the same size & weight -LRB- very light-weight -RRB- . Both brushes are far too soft to exfoliate in & of themselves . In other words , if you use a cleansing product on the brush that does n't have abrasive qualities , these brushes will not provide any degree of abrasion by themselves . If you plan on putting an abrasive exfoliant on them , they will be effective in applying the exfoliant . The Dermotologia brush is made in China -LRB- is n't almost everything these days ? -RRB- , but at least Dermotologia advises the consumer of the country of origin . The MenScience brush has no indication of country of origin , either on the brush itself or on its packaging . The MenScience brush indicates that it `` combats ingrown hairs . '' As soft as its bristles are , I do n't see how that would be possible . Perhaps `` massages ingrown hairs '' would be more accurate ? The Dermotologia brush has the company 's logo on the brush ; the MenScience brush has no markings of any sort on the brush , so seems to be of a generic variety -LRB- are n't most good companies proud to put their logos on their products ? -RRB- . The MenScience brush has their logo on the case , but if case & brush become separated over time , you 'll be hard put to recall what company made this brush that you either like or do n't like . For effectiveness as a face brush , they are equal . For packaging & other non-performance areas , the Dermotologia is superior . My recommendation is to buy whichever one you find at a cheaper price , but only if you 're looking for a soft , gentle , non-abrasive brush . I will be posting this same review on the webpage for the MenScience brush .
 I am not a complainer ... but this brush is so soft that it will not have the slightest abrasive effect on my face . Terrible . BUT because I try to make the best of all situations , I now use this brush to dust the little crevices in my car ... and it 's good for that ... Happy Memorial Day , Fran Callahan
 I am glad I bought a small bottle to try it . Its greasy and does not remove makeup very well .
 I was upset when i got the funky purple color and it came out of the bottle as orange and did nothing but turn my hair more red , i will stick with this chilled plum color it is amazing
 If you want a purple look do not get this . I wanted a dark purple/plum look . The base is mainly red . So my hair looked darker with a red hue . If you do not mind red then this is for you , but if you want black/purple then do not get this . Good thing is non-permanent ! If you do not like this then you can always wash is out . It does not last that long .
 I 've purchased KMS in the past , specifically their straightening serum so I was excited to try this moist repair conditioner . My hair is normally curly/wavy in the winter and frizzy in the summer . My hair dries out a bit in the winter so I 've been trying many different products in order to help my hair . This product did nothing , literally no change what so ever to my hair after using this which is pretty upsetting considering the price . So if your looking for something to help you with your dry curly hair , dont bother buying this product . As I said before I 've tried other products by KMS which I love , but just not this one .
 This conditioner leaves my hair feeling soft , but once my hair is fully dried it 's still frizzy .
 Touts itself to be an antioxidant sunscreen , but the only 2 `` active '' ingredients listed are the usual sunscreen things . How it 's supposed to be antioxidant is beyond me . Would not buy again .
 I purchased the product in February 2012 . The product contained three boxes . Two of the three boxes were fine . However , one of the boxes did not have any liquid in it . It had the color base but not the liquid , therefore , I could n't use it . The cap was tight , it did n't spill , it was never filled because it was completely dry !
 When the L'Oreal Vive came to my house all but one of the bottle where open and spill all over the box . It was the worst shipping so far and I still have not got back a response for Amazon .
 When I was at the store the brush in the tester looked so alluring that I had to try it . When I put it on I thought that I might have accidentally gotten the tester because my eyelashes did n't look any different . I realized that the box had been sealed when I opened it , therefore , not a tester.This mascara promises eyelashes to look fuller and longer . It did n't do either . It is a very dry formula and mocks an eyeliner that is a few months old and dried out . It did n't make my eyelashes even look like they had mascara on them . It is a horrible product , I would n't even take it if someone offered it to me for free . It did n't do one thing for my eyelashes .
 I wanted to try something a little heavier , maybe even muskier , for winter . As a huge fan of Halloween by J Del Pozo I was reading good reviews on In Black and In White . In Black is supposed to be more winter appropriate than In White so I decided to take a risk . I have to be honest , I was a little disappointed by this fragrance . It 's probably wonderful for someone else , but I just did not care for the scent . I know the price is on the lower end , but Halloween is n't exactly pricey and it smells amazing , so I figured this would n't be a let down . However , the perfume does smell cheap ... and maybe a little too musky for me . Also , the nozzle under the cap breaks off easily , but the bottle itself is somewhat attractive . But I guess that 's what I get for blind-purchasing a perfume .
 While this scent is fairly nice for the winter , alas 4 sprays are barely discernible some 1 or 2 hours later , thus I am downgrading a fragrance I like but would not purchase again . It wo n't `` offend '' anyone but that 's only because they wo n't be able to smell it . Really more of a `` body spray '' - read mostly alcohol . Like many perfumes in this price category , basically a waste of money .
 I was very much disappointed in Benefiance Pure Retinol Instant Eye Mask . I have used all 12 packs over a period of 4 weeks , as directed and I saw not one difference in the wrinkles -LRB- even the smallest ones -RRB- around and under my eyes . Once on , the patch dried out very quickly and I never felt my eyes looked any different regardless if I used it in the morning or right before I went to bed.VERY DISAPPOINTED
 The color I received is not the same color as the one shown in the picture -LRB- the color I currently wear all the time , Pistol Packin ' Pink -RRB- ... It has the same name , but the color of the polish in the bottle I received is more orange than pink.All I can say is
 This lotion is OK ... I missed the perfume that has been diconnected , thought lotion would do the trick but , alas , it 's not even close .
 I have a brush just like this one that I really like but it only cost $ 5.00 . $ 120 ?! - is that a mistake ?
 Mine cost $ 1 at the Dollar Store and it kept coming apart so I epoxied it together . Two weeks later it fell apart again , and then I noticed the mold on the wood . Out it went . GO PLASTIC ! Lexan if you can find it .
 I did not like this product at all . I gave this to my older daughter and let her use it ... Very small as well ...
 Advertised and listed a picture of 1.7 FL ounces cologne . Shipped .5 FL ounce container of cologne . Look close at the fine print below the picture of the wrong size cologne . I blame myself someone else had the same complaint .
 I got this blush on a special sale and was thrilled with the great deal , since CG had been advertising this product pretty heavily in my area . I picked up `` shimmering sands '' because the packaging looked close to the color of my previous blusher.As soon as I opened it , a huge cloud of blush came flying through the air . It was almost impossible not to breathe it in . I figured I had opened it too fast , but when I went to load the little `` pouf '' with powder , even more blush went into the air . In fact , I could n't even use the pouf because it just threw blush in all directions . I had to apply with my usual blush-brush . Even so , I have to tap a small amount into the lid of the container and then just barely dip my brush , and even so the powder is difficult to control.Unfortunately , another drawback is that this blush is at least 2 shades lighter than my skin tone . I 'm pretty light , and when I put this stuff on it looks like I 've applied my foundation unevenly on my cheeks because `` shimmering sands '' is more like `` white sands of Florida . '' I can barely see it , and it certainly does n't give me any sort of blush.Highly disappointing product . Not recommended .
 I 've purchased this perfume from department stores many times.But this one is not like that and it does n't last long it stay like an hour or so , It does n't smell exactly like the one from stores.Which makes me think it could be fake .
 it never came after going back and forth for 4 weeks , they said it got sent back ... whatever . . I got the money back so it 's all good . I do not recommend this company
 This is not really good product . I would recommend people to buy Shiseido product.This product let me feel it is full of chemical stuff and destroy my hair . I used it for a semester , and my hair became worse and worse .
 this comb is good for helping wet hair dry a little faster . it scratches the scalp a little though.Update - i broke a tine/tooth ? of this comb fairly easily early on in it 's life . Probably would not invest in the same comb again .
 I bought this comb less than three months ago and I already have to replace it . I use it to comb the conditioner through my hair in the shower -LRB- the big teeth -RRB- and within weeks a the little teeth started breaking off . Finally the entire thing just snapped in half .
 I ca n't believe I 'm reviewing a comb . But the teeth snap off while coming thin , fine , straight hair on my near 59 y/o scalp . Outrageous .
 This comb is not very sturdy . It is made of cheap plastic which I expect to break soon . Not meant for a girl with a full head of hair .
 The comb is good in that it has wide tooth & fine tooth in one . Downside is it 's extremely fragile as it 's made of a glass like material . Two teeth have already broken off when it slipped into the sink . Had it been made of a stronger material -LRB- plastic -RRB- I would recommend , but b/c it 's breaks easily not worth the investment .
 I was disappointed . I have medium long thick hair and the comb is pretty much useless when my hair is wet .
 Do not buy this comb ! It is brittle , cheap plastic that broke the first time I dropped it . It also hurts when going through my hair .
 The Revlon comb was dirty and scratched . The plastic ring holding the comb to the manufacturer 's packaging was broken in several pieces , leaving me to believe this was not well cared for in the warehouse . It is filty and I NEVER would have purchased this product in a store in the way this was presented . I love Amazon , and it 's only a $ 5 comb , but this is was not acceptable quality control and I feel this particular item purchased was a waste of my money!It is also a brittle plastic , and I would not have purchased if seen in person .
 Snapped right in half , using it on my 3 year old daughter 's hair . I did put it through it 's vigors , but still , come on .
 I was n't expected this inexpensive comb to last forever at the price when I added it to my cart to meet my $ 25 shipping minimum , but when combing my wet curly hair it snapped in half within a week after buying . Disappointing as the teeth are nice and far apart and comb is not made of cheap plastic . Liked the looks , but unfortunately I was n't going for looks only when wanting tangle-free hair ...
 Revlon RV2513 Color Swirl Detangling Comb.Revlon should revisit this product as it is marginally suitable for hair . It is much too sharp for the scalp and easily breaks when it is dropped on the bathroom tile . I purchased three of these and did not return them since I did not want to waste return postage on fragile , overpriced combs . Instead , I placed them in the recycling bin . The price was far too high for the product .
 So light it feels like a toy . Blows like one too . Air is neither not enough nor powerful enough for thicker hair.The barrel is great though - the `` teeth '' really gripped my hair . But it was a waste of money .
 Looks great but it sounds like a vacuum cleaner on its last legs . I had this styler for three months and it overheated three times . I have medium hair and also used a regular blow dryer before I used this styler to lessen its strain . Yesterday , It started its `` death rattle '' and smelled like it was burning so I turned it off and it would not come back on even after it had cooled down . I did NOT overwork this styler and it was not abused . SAVE YOUR MONEY !
 This hot air brush is not even worth 1 star . It is far from tangle free . If you want to keep your hair , do n't buy this piece of junk .
 I 've had this dryer for almost a year now , and like the styists who also own it , I find it temperamental . It does a great job while it 's working , but the thermostat gets progressively buggier after about three months . If you turn the dryer off , you 'll have to wait for it to cool completely before it will turn back on . Now , it turns off while I 'm in the middle of doing my hair . The stylists have three or four of these so they can alternate working with one while the other -LRB- s -RRB- cool off - as I said , when they work , they 're terrific . I 'm going to replace mine with another brand .
 still waiting for refund or replacement ! item was defective -- cap did not fit so barrel broke when i attempted to get cap on . returned the product but have not had any response from vendor . paid them the courtesy of not writing review until giving them sufficient time to remedy situation -- over 2 mths later no word . vendor was `` your best hair day '' .
 It did not rotate automatically . I thought when it said `` rotating '' that it meant automatically as the air brush was running on its power .
 I have thick black hair , and I did n't notice anything drastic with this shampoo . The shampoo does n't lather well , and I had to use large portions -LRB- too bad this is so expensive -RRB- .
 when i bought this thing , i didnt know this , but my hairdresser told me to stop using it because if you use a hot flat iron like this one when your hair has moisture in it it fries your hair . it didnt even work that well for me . my hair is pretty straight but the front goes wavy and frizzy . i would use it , then 10 minutes later its wavy and frizzy again . also it has no automatic off so i 've left if on all day a couple times . the little canister that you put the water in on the end has a felt tipped wick and that part got burnt to the heating element . didnt smell good and its not very safe . i 've tried using it without the water canister attached and it doesnt work well because the heated surface is too small in width . i liked the comb part though , i pulls your hair taught so it doent slip through the flat parts .
 Hey guys . I have very curly/frizzy hair . I bought this hair straigtener and it would take me about 30 minutes to get my hair ok looking when the hot tools straightener takes me about 5-7 minutes to make my hair look great . The water canister doesnt hold much water so you have to refill it all the time . Sometimes it leaks and hot water will burn me . I takes about 10 minutes to heat up and doesnt have a switch to turn it off without unplugging it . There is only one heat option . I would not recommend this straighter to anyone .
 I have long thick wavy hair and this just makes it worse ! No matter if it rainy out or not your hair is going to be fizzy . It took forever to heat up and you had to replace the water seemed like every 10 mins . Go for something more money and not a steam straightener !!
 I tried this straightener because I thought the steam would reduce the amount of damage I was doing to my hair . Wrong . Because I had to go over the same spot so many times , I probably inflicted more damage to my tresses than if I had gotten a real straightener.The straigtener did not seem to get very hot and was difficult to use because the jaws did not open that wide.I suggest spending a little more to get a ceramic iron . Much better .
 I bought this product to straighten my very curly/thick hair . It did not work at all ! It just made my hair frizzy , even with the use of products . If you have curly/thick hair I would recommend buying a flat iron instead , they are more expensive -LRB- the one I bought was $ ... -RRB- but it actually straightened my hair .
 if i could give it no stars i would , but that wasnt an option . this was obviously meant for people with curly hair that is not textured . it doesnt do the job for people who have a certain kinkiness to their hair . All it will do it heat it up enough to ruin your hair . DO NOT BUY IT !!!!!
 i have thick wavy poofy hair , this product did not work at all at straightening but it made it sleeker but would not get it straight unless i spent over an hour on my hair , after i blow dry it . i would go over the same piece of hair again and again and it still wasnt straight . also the water chamber leaked on my once and burnt me so i stopped filling it up . im still looking for a better straightener ...
 I thought that this product would work very well and very consistently , but it was exactly the opposite . Even at the same speed , one side of my head would have stick straight hair and the other flattened waves -LRB- not straight -RRB- . Do not buy this and buy the Revlon one instead !
 This product gives good results , but has a tendency to leak scalding water from the steam vents .
 This product just did n't work . First i had to blow dry my hair and then use the iron , and it still left my hair frizzy and big . Want something better ? I recommend Revlon 's hair straightener . It worked great !
 I recieved this as a gift . Now , I have naturally curly hair-not kinky curly , but not loose waves either . Now , being that it was a gift I was of course polite and acted excited . I did try it knowing full well this was not going to work . I was right . My hair looked 10 times bigger then it normally is . The steam made my hair so puffy and frizzy it was comical . Stay away if you have naturally curly hair . Steam and curls are not a good combo . My hair looked like I sat in a sauna all day-YIKES !
 DO NOT BUY THIS IRON.i used to have long slightly wavy hair , but after a shorter cut plus bangs , i decided i needed to buy a straightener so i bought this one at a local pharmacy for $ 20 . it did not do anything for me . it could n't even straighten my bangs . all it did was damage my hair . in fact , my hair looked frizzier after i used it.i went to my hairdresser and she suggested i buy the chi ceramic straightening iron , which i bought and have been using for 2 years.if you 're going to invest in a straightening iron , get a ceramic one because they actually work and they do n't fry your hair.this product should be taken off the market . conair products tend to be bad in gerneral .
 I have this product but am unable to list it . The options for selling this product by Amazon only include that is is `` not available '' . There is no `` Sell Yours '' available . I have run into this problem many times selling on Amazon .
 Thought I could save myself the money and buy this instead of a great straightener like my stylist uses . I ended up spending this money and then that money because this product only even 1/2 worked if I spent a good hour straightening my hair which is n't even that long . Do n't end up spending your money twice . Skip this product and invest in a better quality and likely more expensive straightener .
 I recieved this product as a Christmas present , and my hair is n't too curly or anything so I figured it would be fine for me . It does n't do much for my hair , other than make it slightly less poofy , but does no where come near being straight -LRB- and this is after blow drying it 100 % -RRB- . My hair is only slightly wavy , and this did nothing for me ; I would recommend spending a bit more on a ceramic hair straigtener , as they work far better . My hair stylist said that the steam setting on this iron is not good to use on your hair at all , or you 'll fry it .
 When I bought the straightener I was instantly unsatisfied with the lack of heat it produced . It took many different tries to get 1 inch sections of my hair straight . After just 1 month from the purchase date , only one side of the iron worked . Unfortunately I could n't find my receipt and was stuck with half a straightener .
 This straightener only works well for slightly wavy hair like mine , but when I used it one my friend who has very wavy hair it performed very poorly , ... so in the end I would n't reccomend this product .
 These both were outdated products that smelled terrible and rancid -LRB- have used fresh ones that smell fantastic -RRB- so am not satisfied with this source . Will be careful to avoid this one in the future
 Might as well buy melted candles . The texture is terrible , it 's like fresh melted candle , so it 's not even gooey , it 's extremely liquid . I even put in the fridge for a couple of hours to no avail.Also , is not very good in defining your hair or anything . Stay away from it .
 Very disappointing . I ordered this item in July 07 - used it maybe 20 or 30 times tops . Went to use it in Dec. 08 , it would n't turn on . The Reset button on the plug does n't stay depressed and so it just wo n't turn on anymore . Good thing they only warranty it for 1 year - a lot of good that does me . Good iron while it lasted I guess . Too much $ for poor quality .
 I threw this brush away pretty quickly after receiving it . I thought it would be a cheaper version of the # 25 Spornette Porcupine brush but just as good . I was wrong . The synthetic bristles were awful . Garbage Garbage Garbage
 I did not like this brush at all . I have thick hair and it hardly felt like I was brushing it - it 's too soft with little fluffy bristles which impede the brushing action of the longer stronger ones . Since it 's not worth the cost of returning it I 'll give it to my grand daughter and will let you know if its a hit with her as she does get a lot of tangles in her very fine hair .
 When I received this brush , I honestly when back to the listing several times to see if I got the right brush . All the reviews -LRB- save a few -RRB- are glowing . I have long , relatively thin hair . Although the brush seems to go through tangles nicely -LRB- which is why I gave it a generous 2 stars instead of 1 , -RRB- the thing really hurts my scalp . Massaging effect ? Absolutely not . I kept on checking the bristles to see if maybe some of the balls on the head were missing , but they were n't . As long as I keep the brush from actually touching my scalp , it 's fine , but it 's hard to do because my hair is n't very thick . Plus , as other reviewers said , it looks like it is going to be a nightmare to clean . I honestly do n't get all the reviews . Maybe I got a lemon . Maybe my scalp is more sensitive than a 7-year olds . I 'm just glad I paid less than $ 5 , because it 's going in the trash as soon as I can find a better brush to replace it .
 This is the worst POS brush I have ever bought . Even those cheapies that you can get at a local drug store are 10X better.Pros - none !!!! Cons :1 -RRB- the handle is for the size of a child or hobbit .2 -RRB- theres weird extra brissles that you can not tell from pictures . They make my hair frizzy .3 -RRB- I have long , thick , wavy hair . This brush was a joke . I couldnt get past the first few strokes when I was ready to throw it out the fricken window . It was only brushing the surface hair only.Do NOT wast your money on this crap of a brush . This shouldnt even be considered a brush for humans . It looks like a baby doll brush or a brush you would use on a SMALL dog -LRB- but then the handle is still too small and awkward ! -RRB- ... maybe thats what Ill do ... Use it for my 10 lb dog so its not a waste of money . Irritated . Last time Im a lazy a $ $ and dont just go to the store to buy a brush .
 I received this brush and the name Revlon , I thought would mean a good product . Well , the 1st time I use it the hard bristles started coming out in my hair and when I cleaned the hair from my brush they would come out into my sink . I would not recommend this brush.Very disappointing .
 I was hopping this product was really what it promised to be . However , $ 80 later I discovered that it was complete waste of money . Not only it did not help , but I think to some extent it made the problem worse . they should have money back policy for this kind of stuff .
 I 've been using this product for my moderate KP for about 6 weeks . I have n't noticed a change at all . I read other reviews before buying it , most of which were positive , but unfortunately , my experience was not the same .
 This was a complete waste of money ! I bought this product after reading reviews as I have red spots -LRB- just like goosebumps -RRB- on my arms and thighs . I used it regularly for 2 months . The skin seemed softer but the spots did n't disappear at all . Infact the skin seems to have become one shade darker which makes it look like spots are gone . But in reality the bumps are still there and the skin is rough . The cream is very thick and doesnt get absorbed into skin . I would n't recommend this product to anyone .
 For this being as expensive as it is , it does not work nearly as well as the Glytone KP Kit . I have keratosis rubra and the glytone kit works much better at a fraction of the price . My dermatologist recommended it and sells it in his office , but it is much cheaper on Amazon . You have to keep using it , since there is no cure . I use it in combination with a prescription lotion that combats the redness . If you have regular KP , it should do wonders . Also , if you are going to be in the sun , make sure you use a lotion with SPF in addition to using the Glytone kit . Do n't waste your money on the Dermadoctor .
 My baby has KP and this product did not improve his condition at all . at least it did not worsen them . I am moving on to find a better solution for my baby .
 I have KP pretty bad on my arms . I used the scrub/lotion combo as directed until it ran out -LRB- about 2 months -RRB- . My arms were definitely smoother & softer , but it had no effect on the red , patchy appearance . For $ 80 I want it to look better , not just feel better . Although it might work better for someone who has only mild KP .
 I tried the kp duty lotion only.As I was afraid , it only made my skin softer but did nothing for the bumps or redness.I saw other reviews that said the same.Back to the drawing board
 I was charged an additional $ 22 to be able to pick up the item ? was told it 's duties by the broker ?
 I had high hope for this product after reading a lot about it online.I have KP on my butt : - -LRB- After using these 2 products for a week , I now have a massive outbreak of itchy KP on my back , neck and chest . I have never , ever had so much as a mark on these areas of skin before in my life.A coincidence ? I do n't believe so.I will discontinue use immediately .
 Another product that claims to work for KP . DONT BOTHER ! It is expensive and it DOESNT WORK .
 Leaves an impression - for the wrong reasons.Itchy eyes , skin and dry throat , leading to a headache.Any testing on this must of been quite limited to a few guinea pigs etc.I 'd pay my work colleagues not to wear this stuff .
 I used it for quite a few months and it did not hold up if I began to sweat even a little . I had high hopes after reading some of the reviews but it did not work .
 I bought this product hoping for an alternative to the aluminum based ones normally used . It worked fine for wintertime when I only had desk work to do . However , with any amount of activity I found myself needing a deodorant . I ended up throwing the stone away in search of something different .
 This product just does n't work for me . It 's been a couple days and I try to apply as much of it but I start to sweat and smell within a couple hours .
 I have very thin , lifeless hair so I tried using this . Did not do anything , really . If anything , seemed to make my hair more dry .
 Bad Service , tNexxus Headress Thickening Leave-In Volumizer Conditioner , Packaging May Vary , 13.5-Ounce BottleThey dont have good packaging with items , my item arrived broken to miami office.I 'm disappointed , dont ' t spend their money .
 I just recently opened this bottle to begin using it.I squeezed a little out into my palm it came rushing out . It has the consistency of water . It 's as if whoever I bought this from actually loaded a nearly empty bottle of the product with tap water and then sold it to me . It smells like the right stuff but it is DEFINITELY NOT the product I have paid for . It 's been too long for me to get my money back but I will NEVER order from this dealer again and STRONGLY advise others to steer clear !!!
 the worst conditioner I have ever bought . It is like a water putting on your hair . It did neither of those things mentioned on the page .
 After all the good reviews I read on here , I thought I 'd buy this hoping that it would make my hair look thicker and give it volume . It did neither of those things , and in fact , it seemed to make my hair frizzy and greasy . I would not buy this again , that 's for sure . Save your money .
 I purchased this as a giftfor my sister . She opened it and said it had no fragence at all . I was upset and embarassed that this happened . This was my first attempt to order on line and I will not do it again .
 I ordered this item in July , and I 've been getting order delay notices every 15 days or so . Now the estimated shipping is January 2007 ! I think I 'm going to celebrate the first anniversary of ordering this product . The item was still shown as In Stock , untill very recently . If you are planning on styling your hair in this era , do n't order this product .
 Item ordered on September 4th !!!!! After much delay , I was notified that it would be shipped on Oct 12th . It 's now OCTOBER 20TH !!!!!!!! Now the estimated shipping date is November !!! Are they kidding !!!!! It is still listed as IN STOCK on the Amazon website . WORST ON LINE SHOPPING EXPERIENCE EVER !!!!!!
 I ordered this product on September 5th . . and its October 10th today . I am still waiting . . This is so agonizing . . I called Amazon Customer Service and they said its not available from the seller . . Then why is Amazon listed as the seller ??? They are trying to please me by providing Normal Shipping and not even expedited one !! Haa . . They have changed the estimated shipping date once and that too only after I called . . Today is the last day for the est. shipping date . . And I am sure they are gon na change it again . . This is pathetic . . The WORST EXPERIENCE I ever had with Amazon . . Be aware of the long wait before ordering this item !!!!
 order this item only if you do not need to use it immediately and can wait for a long time . i do not know how long because i am still waiting !
 i order it on july 14th , but i still have to wait for more than a month to get it .
 After I applied the treatment , my hair texture was very coarse and hard . This was not what I expected ! Would not recommend for people to use whose hair type is not straight .
 There was some good reviews on this and I thought I would notice a difference but I havent . Its been over a week and my hairs a little softer but I also changed shampoo 's so beware . . The price was high wont be buying again .
 I bought this product and i already used 4 times , it says you can use every 2 weeks , i have really weak hair and it breaks so much that my bathroom floor is full of little pieces of hair . . i hate that!I still didnt notice any improvement , but im gon na keep using untill im done with the bottle and if i see any direfence i will keep using or not .
 Just tried the nexxus emergencee and i am not impressed . I usually have alot of hair loss during washing / post-wash styling . Based on the reviews , I decided to try it to see if it would reduce or stop this hair loss . However , I ca n't say i saw any change . I do n't think I will use this product again .
 I purchased this product based on the reviews , but it is nothing that I expected . It has not helped or even condition my hair . I am disappointed . I believe this product is not worth the money , not worth it at all .
 My hairdresser told me to purchase this product after I `` self highlited '' and caused extensive damage to my hair . I do n't like the feel of this product in my hand . I do n't like the way my hair feels when I use it and the smell is not great . I would n't buy it again .
 I have tried using this twice and gave up on it . If anything it makes my hair more tangled and dry than it was to start with . I am really not sure what it is supposed to do or what kind of hair it might actually help . I have long fine hair , easily tangled , and this neither smooths nor untangles it . It is watery and seems to be some sort of fake product , the way it does nothing . It 's the only thing I 've ever tried on my hair that seemed to have absolutely no effect at all . Do n't waste your money on this.I also do n't understand some reviews preaching how you leave this on and it gets hard , blah blah blah ... . this sort of wrecks my hair . My hair needs moisture , not to be parched to bone hardness . Kerastace Ciment Anti-UsureCIMENT ANTI-USUREmakes my hair gorgeous and is basically a fast easy rinse out .
 I was really disappointed with this product . It 's labeled `` light '' but it 's the darkest light shade I 've ever seen and sticks out like a sore thumb on my ` alabaster ' skin . It 's extremely heavy with yellow tones and does nothing to cover-up redness or acne . It actually makes me look as if a have jaundice .
 I had a sampler bottle of this cologne and my wife loved it on me . This bottle , maybe because its bigger , or a spray , or whatever - it does n't do the same thing for her . I wont buy it again
 This stuff did absolutey nothing for my fine lines and did n't even moisturize . I used it for a few months in the winter/spring and needed an extra moisturizer -LRB- I have combination skin -RRB- . It does n't smell and absorbs well , it just does n't work .
 I am in my late 50 's and have noted increasing lines on my face as well as sun damage dark spots and lack of tone . I tried the Kinerase cream for 3 months using it twice daily . I also use a daily spf 30 sunscreen moisturizer as well.After about a month of use , I did note that my skin felt firmer and more toned . However , I have NOT seen ANY reduction in my wrinkles or in the dark spots after using the entire tube.I would not buy this again in view of its high price with little results for me .
 You ca n't sell expired product ... I would n't pay $ 10.00 for an expired item let alone $ 55.00 . I think this is actually illegal . Get a clue !
 I would be suspicious of paying this much for the Kinerase lotion with Kinetin only . For this much money you should be getting the 2.8 ounce lotion with KINETIN AND ZEATIN . That 's the one recommended and sold by cosmetic surgeons and dermatologists . Just a heads up .
 I put up with the smell because so many people said it did wonders for their hair . I used it for almost a month and finally gave up because it was too heavy for my hair and did n't change the breakage I was having . I personally love their intense hair mask , but could n't make it through the bottle of this stuff . I use &#34; It 's a 10 &#34; instead for my conditioner now and it seems to work wonders for my hair -LRB- fragile and fine -RRB- .
 Do n't waste your money on this , it is overpriced and I did not notice a difference in my hair while using it . Try Loreal 's Nature 's Therapy Mega Moisture instead ! It makes my hair unbelievably smooth and healthy !
 I received this product that came from China and it was counterfit . I know because I have used the product for years and the name of the color and the actual shade when tested were different . I sent the item back immediately and still have not gotten a credit .
 Ususally I buy Amarige by Givenchy from the sky mall when I travel . This one has nothing to do with the original that I am used to . It smells like the imitation one sold at the dollar store . I am very disapointed .
 This does n't smell like the perfume you get in a fine department store . Smells like a generic or watered down version .
 The perfume is awesome but I wanted this bottle for traveling and the top does n't close tightly . I will use it up but only at home .
 I purchased this for my wife . Her is her take on the product
 The picture on the site looks like a small spray but its not , The bottle was not sealed and 1/3 of the perfume missing , looks used + the box came in slightly crushed.Not HappyRC
 I brought this item thinking that this products was original . It 's very obvious that the box has a bad quality , the labels at the botton of the bottle , besides this product does n't have the code from an original manufacturer . It 's going to be the last time I buy a perfum on the Internet .
 The brush is nice because it straigtens your hair without having to burn it , but it seems to take longer and it makes your hair still be tanglely , not shine much , and not feel the best when it is done .
 I bought this brush because it was supposed to help eliminate static electricity , but it is as bad or worse at creating static than any brush I 've ever used . Big disappointment .
 I ordered this item , and it does not have boar bristles . They appear to be made of plastic , and the product packaging -LRB- unlike the product packaging pictured in the description -RRB- does not say anything about boar bristles . I will be returning this for a refund .
 I bought the product so that I could look nice on days I did not want to put on my full makeup . This product was way to light for my skin . Not only did it make me look ashy it did n't even offer even coverage or cover any of my blimishes . Also The product did not fell as light on my skin as I had hoped . I felt just like my regular makeup and added no moisture to my skin . In fact , my skin felt dryer while it was on .
 There was n't an expiration date printed on any of the bottles which is kind of shady . It either means its expired already or not the real thing . Use with caution .
 there was nothing dark about this . and i checked it 's about 5 shades lighter than one I 've seen in a department store . mislabelled maybe ?
 I bought this product after reading all the rave reviews on Amazon . I was generally not impressed with the product -- it was too thick and heavily tinted . It was not thick in a good , `` a little goes a long way '' way either . If you have dry/combination skin -LRB- which I do -RRB- you need to put a LOT on your face to get it to feel properly moisturized , and I do n't think the bottle would last very long -- not that I would know how long it lasts because I ended up reverting back to my moisturizer-sunscreen-foundation routine after a few days of struggling with this product . If it works for you , more power to you , but was not right for my skin type .
 I used to LOVE this mascara . It was my favorite for years . I do n't know if they changed the formula , or if my skin has changed , but I had to stop using it because I found that it smeared terribly . I found myself with perpetual raccoon eye . The positives , this mascara glides on like no other I have tried , almost like it is a lotion . It is also virtually clump free . I am a fan of Clinique in general , but this mascara unfortunately does not work for me . I would suggest trying it at a makeup counter or buying a trial size before you spend so much on it .
 I bought this brush w/the hopes it would better than synthetic bristle brushes and it does give my hair more shine , but the bristles fall out everytime I use it.I would not reccomened this brush
 I bought this product after reading all the rave reviews on Amazon . I was generally not impressed with the product -- it was too thick and heavily tinted . It was not thick in a good , `` a little goes a long way '' way either . If you have dry/combination skin -LRB- which I do -RRB- you need to put a LOT on your face to get it to feel properly moisturized , and I do n't think the bottle would last very long -- not that I would know how long it lasts because I ended up reverting back to my moisturizer-sunscreen-foundation routine after a few days of struggling with this product . If it works for you , more power to you , but was not right for my skin type .
 I bought the product so that I could look nice on days I did not want to put on my full makeup . This product was way to light for my skin . Not only did it make me look ashy it did n't even offer even coverage or cover any of my blimishes . Also The product did not fell as light on my skin as I had hoped . I felt just like my regular makeup and added no moisture to my skin . In fact , my skin felt dryer while it was on .
 There was n't an expiration date printed on any of the bottles which is kind of shady . It either means its expired already or not the real thing . Use with caution .
 there was nothing dark about this . and i checked it 's about 5 shades lighter than one I 've seen in a department store . mislabelled maybe ?
 I wanted to get a boar 's hair brush after reading that they are better for your hair . Do n't ! They do not work well . I had to get out my old brush because this one just could not handle long hair .
 It is way too soft for an adults hair unless the hair is `` very '' fine and thin . This would be good for a child up to maybe 5 . The bristles are way too soft and come out easliy . . just rubbing your hand over them makes them come out . Unfortunately , the container , once opened , ca n't be closed to return , plus something like this shouldn `` t be returned anyway , otherwise this `` brush '' -LRB- ha -RRB- would be packed-up and headed back . But my cats like it , so atleast I can use it for something .
 I wish I could rave along with the others , but this fragrance had to be washed off immediately !! -- it is terrible . I have worn the original Amarige for years -- I LOVE it , but this Mariage is so-o bad , and now I 'm stuck with it . Big Mistake .
 Hi , I bought this product for my mom and was sent the wrong product . The containers were white instead of that peach color that we see on the picture , therefore the product was not what we have intented to purchase . I have been trying to contact you guys without success . Sofare I am not a happy customer unless you send me exactly what the picture shows . Thank you.-Herv &eacute; Kwimo
 This glycerine has the consistency of K.Y jelly , which would n't be so bad , if it actually lightened . I have seen dramatic results using the caviar face cream and mediocre results using the beauty milk , but this did nothing for my skin but sit on it , creating this `` oil slick '' look that I did n't quite fancy . I developed hyper-pigmentation from a bad bout of hives which I unfortunately scratched to the point where I developed superficial scars . The beauty milk alleviated some of the scars , the caviar cream rid me of all my facial hyper-pigmentation , but the glycerine just appeared to be a very expensive moisturiser
 I 'm disappointed because these headbands seemed to be just the thing I was wanting . They fit nicely , and do n't bunch up . The problem is that I 've had them for only a few weeks , and already the seams are falling apart . I thought vidal Sassoon would offer a higher quality product , since they 're supposed to be the hair experts , but , not this time . I will not purchase Vidal Sassoon products again . The price is simply too high for a name brand , especially since the product is flimsy and poorly crafted . Too expensive for what it is . do n't buy these .
 Not as wide as they appear online . Same width as ones found in Target/Walgreens . Needed something wider for REALLY bad hair days . Already had these . If standard size is what you seek , these are perfect .
 After using this brush for a few months , the silver paint coating on the brush starts to peel off and sometimes leaves pieces of it in your hair . As far as it being ionic , I ca n't really tell the difference between this brush and any other brush .
 sometimes i try to do reviews as soon as i get the product but in this case i am happy i waited a while.in the beginning i was definitely going to say this is a 5 star brush.it was sturdy in my hand and managed my bouncy thick hair without too much fussing so instead of just using it to blow dry my hair i made it my number one brush and pushed aside all my other combs.now only a few short months later i wish i knew where my combs got to : -LRB- i have not used this brush 10 times to blow dry my hair and now almost 90 % of the bristles have lost the tips-making it a pain to use.i wish i can find a better everyday long lasting brush .
 This brush was amazing when it was new , but after a few months of using it the rounded tips started coming off the individual bristles leaving behind bristles that scratch your scalp .
 I bought this hoping/assuming it would be useful for brush styling my hair with my blowdryer . I assumed this would be the case because it 's a &#34; thermal &#34; brush with the metal base . However , on my first use three of the bristles melted into sad little droopy bent bristles that snag my hair on future brushings . It would be great if I just wanted to brush my hair , but I want to use it to blow dry my hair straight ! The hunt for the perfect styling brush continues . PS
 If I could give zero stars I would . This brush is Chinese junk . It broke within days , the handle just snapped off .
 The tips of this brush keep coming out in my hair . Not the best build quality , I 've only had the thing for a couple months and already it 's falling apart .
 These headbands , labeled `` no headache '' have to be the most uncomfortable headbands I 've ever worn ! Between the tight sides , and the tiger teeth around the curve , your head will be pounding within a half hour . Would n't recommend even for my worst enemy !! Maybe if one has real thick hair the `` tiger teeth '' would n't be so `` biting '' but I ca n't see how anyone would n't get a headache for the tight sides , as I have a small head so if anything , this would be looser on me than the average female .
 The concept it great -- but overall I felt they were just to awkward to wear . They felt like they were slipping off my head .
 I am no longer happy with non adjustable plastic head bands . My head is n't built for them . These look nice and hold great but they poke my head at the ends .
 One of the headbands already broke . If you have thick curly hair then I would highly advise you do not buy this product .
 I used this product for a year and I was not happy with it . I never really saw a difference or improvement with my hair after relaxing with it . Also , I must have been allergic to the product because every time I relaxed my hair I would get a rash close to my hair line . The rash would eventually disappear but it was definitely related to the product . I would have stopped using the product had I not spent so much money on it .
 This did n't help my nail peeling and easy breakage near as much asNail Tek Nail Program , II Intensive Therapy .5 fl oz -LRB- 15 ml -RRB- . Also the matte is truely unnoticable on the nail - would be great for a guy , but I 'd prefer to have a little shine .
 I bought this diffuser , because the reviews said it had a large opening and would fit larger-sized hair dryers . This is not true . The diffuser itself is fine , but it does n't fit larger hair dryers .
 i purchased this item from ths site and it was completely old and dried out . the liner fell out of applicator . . will only buy directly from clinique for this product
 This is an okay product , but a great value . If you need something to have &#34; just in case &#34; then this is a good option .
 i purchased this item from ths site and it was completely old and dried out . the liner fell out of applicator . . will only buy directly from clinique for this product
 I bought this product for $ 18.00 and with shipping it came to $ 24.95 . That would n't have been an issue , had it been that the perfume had some staying power , I sprayed it right after a shower , and it seemed to have a good fragrance , then after about ten minutes or so , the fragrance was gone , so I resprayed all over again. , had a second opinion on whether , that person , could even tell whether I had peach perfume on , and they said they could n't smell it on me . I would not recommend this product to anyone . I feel I have been taken for the money that it cost and yet , when I checked it out online , before purchasing , it got 5 stars out of 5 . Where did they get this survey ? I 'll never know or understand and I certainly would not endorse a product , such as this !!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I ordered this thinking it could be used completely without a cord and I was very wrong ; the product description of this is very misleading . You must put it on the base to heat it up and once it is removed from the base it stops heating so it no longer maintains a steady heat . There is also no on or off switch on the unit so you have to disconnect the power cord when not in use.When it comes to straightening it does n't stay hot for any length of time so it is only good for one chunk of hair , if that . The plates glide over your hair and barely make contact with it so it is hard to do small sections . When finished my hair was still bumpy and some sections looked like they had n't even been touched with heat . I am definitely returning this product and I hope this review will keep people from spending money on this piece of junk .
 I tried it , but it does n't get hot enough ... I would n't go with an inexpensive brand , I think I will stick to a professional brand
 I wanted an alternative to mascara . This product is messy , diffucult to apply , and you have to use a q-tip and the oil they provide to remove it from you skin . Also , it was supposed to last a few days - my thinking was that I would actually wake up with eyelashes . But that was not the case - gone by the next morning .
 i purchased this item from ths site and it was completely old and dried out . the liner fell out of applicator . . will only buy directly from clinique for this product
 I wanted an alternative to mascara . This product is messy , diffucult to apply , and you have to use a q-tip and the oil they provide to remove it from you skin . Also , it was supposed to last a few days - my thinking was that I would actually wake up with eyelashes . But that was not the case - gone by the next morning .
 I 'm a huge fan of Laura mercier but This product does truely suck.not enough forming point where your face does n't get clean at all !!! Shame . . please do n't purchase this cleaner ladys or guys .
 I wanted an alternative to mascara . This product is messy , diffucult to apply , and you have to use a q-tip and the oil they provide to remove it from you skin . Also , it was supposed to last a few days - my thinking was that I would actually wake up with eyelashes . But that was not the case - gone by the next morning .
 only use this temporary hair color . It 's ok if you do n't want to use permanent hair coloring . I have sense evolved and I am now using Bigen .
 Actually made my dry hair worse.Also , if you are vegan or vegetarian one of the main ingredients is tallow -LRB- beef fat -RRB- . Although that part did not bother me , I thought it may bother other people .
 This conditioner gave me wonderful hair days every time I used it -LRB- I have long , thick , curly hair -RRB- . Nicely defined , shiny , gorgeous curls were what it produced . At the time I was using it , I was on the `` no ` poo , no ` cones '' regimen , so the fact that it contained no cones was a big selling point for me ; I never found any other cone-free conditioner that was so richly moisturizing . -LRB- Since then , I 've discovered that I can go shampoo-free and still use cones , and get way better hair . -RRB- The problem was , to my nose , it smelled like wet dog . EXACTLY like wet dog . It was n't a chemically smell like many hair products have ; it was like the smell that naturally occurs when a dog 's fur meets with moisture . And the smell did n't go away once my hair had dried ; I smelled like wet dog all day . I 'm not generally very sensitive to hair product scents , but this one crossed a line of disgustingness that for me was uncrossable . I was sorry to have to stop using it , but I would rather have bad hair than smell like dog all day . -LRB- And fortunately that 's not a trade-off I 've had to make , as I 've since found other good-smelling products that also give me great hair days . -RRB- It is completely possible that not everyone 's hair reacts to it this way , or that other people simply are n't bothered by that particular odor , but my experience was , unfortunately , that the smell was a deal-breaker . A very sad reason to have to stop using an otherwise great hair product . : - -LRB-
 I ordered the 16.9 oz pump bottle of Terax Crema conditioner from seller Beauty Bazaar . I specifically ordered this item because of its packaging , size and pump dispenser . I opened my order to find two separate bottles of Terax Crema conditioner . These bottles have a new or different packaging style and , most importantly , NO PUMP DISPENSER . The contents of the two bottles add up to less than 16.9 oz . I got one 16 oz bottle and one 6.7 oz bottle . If I wanted two smaller squeeze bottles of this product in the new packaging I would have purchased two smaller squeeze bottles of this product in the new packaging.That said , I think the Terax product itself is wonderful . It smells great and conditions perfectly . I also love the original blue and pink packaging style .
 There are several great reviews on this so I tried it . It ened up not being for good for my hair . It leaves my hair greasy looking no matter how long I rinse it . Everyone 's hair is so different . It is a good one to try but I 'd buy the smaller bottle first .
 This was very disappointing . I have fine , highlighted blonde hair and this took all the gold and luster out of my hair . It looked almost gray . Not only did it make my hair ugly , but it smells so gross . It 's a weird powder-ish scent , it actually makes me feel uncomfortable . Maybe this conditioner was just too strong for me .
 I got this to try out because of the good reviews I saw on here ... I have long thick straight hair . . I tried putting a little in to begin with . . Did n't do the job ... Then I put a ton more in ... Still did n't do anything for my hair . . It does n't help untangle hair at all . . It makes my hair feel like hell . . Redken is definitely winning compared to this crap . .
 I never received the product . No updates were ever given . Will not order from vendor again . Need to get a refund .
 I bought this from Sephora because my old conditioner had changed and not for the better . After reading great reviews I decided to take a chance . I am unfortunately very sensitive to fragrance and should have been more careful . Once I had put it on my hair , I realized it was heavily perfumed . I rinsed it off for a good 20 mins . but after drying my hair discovered that it has infused my hair . The perfume in this conditioner is soooooo strong that co-workers asked me what perfume I was wearing -LRB- I was n't ... -RRB- If , you are like me and ca n't stand heavily perfumed products , this conditioner will make you sick . It did me . I was dizzy and nauseated all day long . After returning home , I washed my hair with fragrance free soap 4 times to no avail . The level of perfume has diminished but it is still strong enough that someone on my train asked me the next day , what perfume I was wearing ... and it was n't a `` wow I love that smell ... what is it ? '' kind of inquiry , if you know what I mean . Tonight , I plan on rinsing my hair with vinegar and water to see if I can get rid of this smell .
 I really wanted to love this conditioner , believe me . I have dipped my toes into expensive brands before -LRB- Oribe and Kerastase -RRB- , and I wanted to love this beauty magazine perennial favorite . The moisturizing properties of Terax Crema are indeed incredible . The dealbreaker , however , is the awful , wet-dog , `` animalistic '' smell that 's barely hidden by the strong floral perfume . I went to my local beauty supply store and sniffed several of the bottles there to determine whether my bottle had merely gone rancid , but ALL the Terax Crema conditioners had the same offensive odor ! You wo n't notice it at first , due to the perfume , but once you 're in a hot shower , the odor spreads and permeates everything.This is so disappointing as I 'm 1/3 through the bottle , and the smell has become increasingly unbearable over time . It even lingers in my hair after I 've dried and sprayed on other scented products such as hairspray . The benefits of using Terax -- my hair noticeably thicker and more moisturized -- are outweighed by the odor . I 've read reviews on Makeup Alley from other users confirming they had a similar reaction to the scent.My theory is that the smell derives from the ingredient Hydrogenated Tallow Glycerides , which is essentially processed animal fat . I do n't know what else could account for this protein-y and unpleasant odor , but I 'll be ditching the rest of my bottle because the odor is nauseating .
 I 've tried many conditioners over the years . I thought the Terax Crema would be something special based on all the glowing reviews and company claims . I found none to be true . My hair actually started to become poorly textured and somewhat tangly while using this conditioner . It barely conditions . It certainly does n't improve hair texture or condition . It smells nice - that 's about the only positive thing that I can say about it . Many better conditioners out there , cheap and pricey .
 I used to use this product until I became vegan and started looking at ingredients . This product used to either smell very bad right away , or a while after the bottle was opened . I learned that tallow is beef fat , so that is the cause of the bad smell . I do n't recommend this product at all because raw , organic coconut oil works so much better for conditioning than this product . Coconut oil is much more economical too .
 Not for my hair type !!! im a naturally curly girl and this product did no justice for my hair ! maybe someone else without curls could use it !
 Do n't be misled by their false advertising or you will be very disappointed . If you 're looking for your favorite , discontinued product `` Translucent , No Color '' loose powder , this is NOT it , although they are calling it such . As you can see , they are describing it as `` Sally Hansen Cornsilk Shineless CLASSIC TRANSLUCENT Loose Powder # 30-02 . Instead , the item was switched and I received Sally Hansen Cornsilk NATURAL MATTE - MORE COVERAGE Loose Powder # 20-02 . Not the same product at all . As the name indicates , instead of being `` translucent '' it has `` more coverage '' , and looks and feels like plaster on a china doll . Very unhappy , especially since I purchased multiple items .
 I thought this iron was going to be great but unfortunately it does n't hold I used it at night and the next day it was flat the wave had n't held so I was disappointed because I had one when I was younger and it held for weeks .
 This product just really did n't work out for me . It did not create deep beautiful waves ; rather kinky dried out looking crimps . I actually sent it back today . If you are going for that Taylor Swift hair -- wavy and beautiful , I do n't think this is the route . At least it was n't for me .
 This Item shows in stock but I have tried to order twice and both times they canceled the order !!
 What Is It With Conair And Making Cheap Products That Just Dont Work Right ? I have bought sevral conair crimpers and straighteners in the past and NONE of them ever work . This Takes Forever To Heat Up , And It Barley Stays Hot ... I 'd Recomend Revlon or just about anything Over Conair Any Day ... Save Your Money !
 i was soooooooooooo disappointed when i tried to plug it in france through a voltage converter as i live in paris and its 220V here ... i called the conair customer service and they told me it does n't work , even with a voltage converter !! why ?? anyways , so i ca n't use it and am very sad about it ... = -LRB-
 I was really excited to see all that great reviews on this but really I should n't have expected it to work for me . My hair is thick and I have a hard time straightening it . My hair does n't hold curl at all . If it was n't so thick , then it might . I thought the waver might work for me but no . My hair waved a little at the top but that 's all . Sorry to say , I 'm sending it back .
 I love the Glo foundation -LRB- matt -RRB- , the best among all but this concealer defines my lines around the eyes . If you do n't have much wrinkle , it is probably ok but I do n't recommend on to people who have even fine lines .
 I have medium skin color with dark circles under my eyes , which I have had all my life . This concealer does not give any coverage whatsoever . I mixed it with the Glo mineral pressed powder and it helped a little . I guess I will stick to using the MAC concealer , which gives the BEST coverage EVER !!!
 I ORDER THIS PRODUCT BUT SOMEONE PACK THE WRONG SOME CREAM AND I STILL HAVE IT KNOW ABOUT IT I RETURN THE CREAM THE I NEVER ORDER AND I DONT SEE A REFOUND IN THE CREDIT CARD
 If glycerin is one of the listed ingredients , then this is definitely NOT the original formula . Also , if it 's made by Idelle Labs in 2004 or earlier , the formula is close but not identical . But read the list of ingredients very carefully or you will be disappointed . Believe me , if I was able to list 1/2 a star , I would have .
 This is a neat product , but I 'm not happy because I ordered a color and it turns out to be almost white ! So , I 'm not happy because I ca n't use this at all !
 I have a wave to my hair if it dries naturally so I blow it out & straighten it most days . I have been using the Glossing Cream which I really like , but thought I 'd give Straight Away a try ... so disappointing ! It does not help make it straighter at all & seems to be drying ... wo n't be buying this again , but I 'll continue to use the glossing cream & technician color care shampoo & conditioner . I did n't want to give it any stars , but the review would n't allow that so I had give it one .
 Very disappointed with this lip balm . The strawberry scent was very fake and I could smell the perfumes and chemicals behind the fake berry smell . It was like vasaline texture . Not recommended . Not worth the price which was too high for the quality .
 This is just the nail strengthener Not the start to finish strengthener as shown . And it chips . : -LRB-
 I tried this product on a day when my eyes were slightly puffy . Right away the skin on my upper lid began stinging . When I removed the eyepad my eyes wre twice as puffy , and remained so for a few days . It might have been something else , but given the timing , I wo n't be using this producr again .
 I dislike writing negative reviews , but this fell way , way beneath my expectations . I bought this with the OPI basecoat and some OPI polish . When I put in the entire process to push back my cuticles , buff my nails , file my nails , put on base coat , then polish , then topcoat , I was appauled that it started chipping within hours . As a comparison between the base coat and the top coat , I painted one hand with the base and one with the top . The base coat lasted forever and would not chip , but apparently the culprit in my manicure upset was the topcoat , which started peeling off within hours . Now I do n't mean to gross anyone out , but when it started peeling within hours , just like my manicure had -LRB- and took the color with it -RRB- and it started peeling off , it actually lifted up and when I tore it off it was reminiscent of peeling off the dead skin from a sunburn , totally gross . I wo n't be buying this again , though I would recommend their other products which have been working VERY well for me since I bought them . Do n't buy this , you 'll only wind up doing your nails all over again .
 I feel pretty confident of my ability to put top coat on my nails . But for whatever reason this polish bubbles up on my nails . I was looking for so much more in this product .
 It does n't give my nails a brought shine whats so ever it 's horrible ! I gave two stars because item was on time
 ... but takes about 20-30 min to dry . . compared with sally 's fast dri that dries in within 30 seconds , just not worth it to me . . but it does leave a nice shine . .
 I 'm a hairstylist and my hands are constantly in water so I bought this top coat thinking it would last but it does n't . If I paint my nails at night the next day they are already starting to chip . I heard that the sally hansen top coat was really good so I might just try that .
 Lily of the Valley is my favorite scent , but this product smells nothing like it . Even if the package had not arrived with one bottle broken and the package saturated , I would have requested a refund rather than a replacement . Very disappointing quality .
 I have dark brown hair and usually use that to cover gray hair . I thought chocolate would be a lighter shade of brown but the gray hair turned out an orangey red copper . It looked awful with my light olive toned skin . It took 2 more tries with dark brown to get rid of the copper . Well now I know . Maybe this will be useful to someone else .
 I have purchased this item in stores for a number of years and found it to be one of the best three-in-one products available . When the Stila convertible color stick arrived by mail the roll-up color was so soft that it broke repeatedly and the product itself created smudge instead of the usual fine line . The liner stick fell out after three days . There was no product in the shadow part , which left only the sponge in working order . I have always liked this Stila product , but will buy it in the stores from now on , where I can examine it to see if it is still the fine product I remember .
 Have used and loved this product before but when this arrived it was broken . The smudger side completely fell off when I opened it and is no longer functional .
 i read the review on garnier.com . it said that it would hold , that it did . it lasted threw a soccer game in 74 % humidity . but it also said that it would n't make it hard and crusty . that was a lie , its supposed to be applied to dry hair . it dries not looking wet . but it dries your hair out a lot . also its hard and crusty
 I have tried this product numerous times on straightened hair . I spend from 15 to 30 minutes straightening my hair . I took a small dollop of this product , applied it , and almost instantly , my hair curled and 30 minutes of hard work was completely ruined ! I suppose it works well with your natural hair type , so if you like your hair type there wo n't be any problems ; however , if you put hard work into curling or straightening your hair , this product is likely to ruin everything you work for , so I do NOT recommend it .
 This putty claims to give you the faux hawk look . Applied it and followed the instructions to blow dry . Ended up like I just got out of bed . Not quite the look I was going for . Tried again without blow drying but to no avail . This does n't give you the spiky / piecey hair that I was going for . Although it smells nice , it does not have very good hold at all and you have to use an insane amount of the product . Returned it .
 I have purchased this item in stores for a number of years and found it to be one of the best three-in-one products available . When the Stila convertible color stick arrived by mail the roll-up color was so soft that it broke repeatedly and the product itself created smudge instead of the usual fine line . The liner stick fell out after three days . There was no product in the shadow part , which left only the sponge in working order . I have always liked this Stila product , but will buy it in the stores from now on , where I can examine it to see if it is still the fine product I remember .
 Have used and loved this product before but when this arrived it was broken . The smudger side completely fell off when I opened it and is no longer functional .
 I bought this Mannequin Head , and when I opened the box it was n't the Mannequin head that 's in the picture . The hair IS N'T Human Hair , it 's an synthetic hair . When I tried to style the hair using a Curling Iron the hair melted like plastic . Human Hair does not melt . So this is FALSE ADVERTISEMENT . BEWARE !!!!!!!
 I 've used several brands of henna before , and can say with confidence that this is by far the worst . Not only was the initial color very orange over my blonde hair , but most of the color washed out after 3 washes . Huge disappointment . I recommend Light Mountain Naturals brand instead .
 Not only does this leave your hair very dry but it left my hair with an ugly dishwater blonde instead of an actual strawberry blonde . YUCK . Will not buy again .
 I sent this product back . I picked the wrong color based on the product reviews . I reordered in light brown .
 First time I used this product I gave it a 4 star review but unfortunately when I attempted to use it for a second time after a month , the color did not take . Therefore , I am changing my first review to 1 star .
 If you have lots of gray , Surya Cream is probably not for you . It fades VERY quickly . I 'm about 70 % gray ; my original color was dark brown . After 4 washings my hair would be a different shade , going from about a 5 to a 4 in conventional dye terms . Re
 I have sandy-red hair -- now mixed with plenty of light gray at the crown , and around the face . Over 40 years ago , I started regularly using straight powdered henna -LRB- to intensify my red , and to add body and shine -RRB- . About 3 years ago , I migrated to Surya dyes -- first , out of curiousity -LRB- because I try anything * henna * -RRB- , and then stayed with it , because of its terrific ease of use.For me , at least , the verdict is now in : The best thing about this product is how easy and quick it is to apply , and rinse out -LRB- compared with alternatives . -RRB- I mix this color with * Dark Reddish Blonde * and obtain a very natural-looking sandy red . Used by itself , it simply does not cover gray -LRB- unless you 'd count a dusty yellow tinge . * Golden Brown * , um , no . -RRB- Any of the Red/Reddish colors -LRB- which do cover gray -RRB- will turn you into Ronald McDonald -LRB- with fading pinkish tones -- ew ! -RRB- when used alone.At this point , I have to apply every couple weeks -- because , yes , a skunk line appears . I get some degree of boosted shine and softness -- but this IS NOT A HENNA . Check the ingredients
 I 'm disappointed to say that this product did n't cover any of my gray hairs . There is no change in my hair color whatsoever . I used the whole bottle and left it on for 40 minutes . -LRB- My original hair is brown , but I followed the instructions for white , hoping to cover my `` gray '' hairs , which are actually more like silver than white . -RRB- I 've tried other hennas before , and they did n't affect my gray hairs either . I thought that maybe I just was n't doing a good enough job with the hard-to-use powdered and solid hennas . I thought that maybe this easy-to-use cream would produce some results for me . But I think I 'm about ready to give up on henna ; I think that maybe there is just something about my hair that henna refuses to stick to.On the positive side , the product was easy to apply and rinse off , did n't irritate my scalp and did n't smell too bad . So it could be a perfect non-toxic product for someone whose hair it would actually stick to .
 Do n't waste your time and money on this product , it does not work . I have very little grey , just a one here and there . Followed all the instructions exactly and left on for the full time . No grey coverage and no extra shine , etc. .
 I 've know about henna and used it before in the past . It is well known for its amazing shades and therapeutic effect on hair . I got Surya Henna Strawberry Blond . Of course I was not expecting to see a salon quality hair color , but maybe a slight difference in the shade.My beautiful strawberry blond hair turn dirty brow/gray and root did not get touched by the color at all.Please do no waste your money and time . If you decide to use henna as hair treatment please go with colorless .
 The word ASH signifies NO RED . The manufacturer deceiptfully is labeling this product as the exact opposite merely to sell the product . There is no brown . It is simply red , red , red . I guess red is better than grey , but label it red then !
 The description inside the Surya box says it is `` guaranteed to cover gray and white hair in the first application , '' but it does NOT ! I read the directions cover to cover and followed them to the letter , but not even a tint or hint of color took on my gray roots ! This is so disappointing ! I had been using Light Mountain Natural Color the Gray Henna for the past five months , but was tired of waiting the three hours for the mud to cure and then following the two step process which takes about an hour and a half , so thought I would try this product , which was premixed and only took 30 minutes to supposedly work . I questioned the shortness of the time , and the fact that the directions said NOT to apply to the roots first , but to just work it in evenly with fingers , but thought I 'd better do as it said , since it was `` guaranteed '' to work . I am going back to Light Mountain 's Color the Gray
 Having been a long-time user of the original JASON PURE , NATURAL & ORGANIC Satin Shower Body Wash , I was very surprised when I pulled a bottle from my new order that has a new label that no longer states that it IS organic . The label now simply states `` Pure Natural Body Wash '' in place of the original trademarked `` SATIN SHOWER Body Wash. '' Must be a reason for all these words being replaced ... Upon reading the list of ingredients , I was further surprised to find that ALL FOUR ORIGINAL certified organic ingredients , Aloe Vera GEL , LAVENDER , CHAMOMILE , and MARIGOLD have been removed ! Not to worry , they have been replaced with a lone , certified organic ingredient
 This smelled wonderful but did not clean me at all . I ended up just using it to clean my bath tub after I took a bath . I would not buy this again !
 Good 4 house hold , but not for the skin.What u pay is what u get
 People with smell sensitivity may not like this product . One of the company 's other shampoo is n't as strong !
 dried skin out and when i contacted the company about I got no response very disappointed in this company . Buying organic is usually great just not from this company .
 This body wash has a really faint , almost non-existent Tea Tree scent . I own a hand soap by Jason and it is scented just right , smells great and the scent is very potent.The bodywash lathers well , like all Jason products and has a smooth feel to it , but it almost feels unscented in its neutral representation of Tea Tree.If you were using it , you would not even know that is not unscented . So if you are looking for tea tree oil minty scent and , perhaps , anti-fungal effects , look somewhere else . This bodywash fails to deliver the promised kick .
 I bought this awhile back and just started using it today . Others said that the scent was mild , but I found it to be overwhelming . It smelled like funeral flowers - and I still smelled like funeral flowers even after my shower . I do not like it and will probably throw the rest away .
 First of all , it smells like old woman 's perfume . I do n't like the smell at all . Neither does my husband . Not my favorite soap unfortunately , , still looking for a better one .
 , sodium benzoate , benzyl benzoate , citronellol , fragrance -LRB- parfum -RRB- . Fake fragrance and sodium benzoate . Never understand why they sell this at whole foods and how it continues to pass as `` natural '' . I guess petroleum is natural , too . Too bad they do n't list the multiple chemicals that are in the `` parfum '' .
 This soap is pretty good . But I was under the impression that since it is tea tree it would smell menthol like , & tingle like tea tree does . Instead it smells like old lady . Probably wont buy this exact brand again .
 I was expecting more from this product based on previous reviews , however , this product did nothing to lighten the few dark spots on my skin . It did make my skin feel soft - but any face lotion would do that . I kept using it thinking that eventually I would see the results , but I have now finished the entire bottle & there has been no improvement whatsoever . Do n't waste the money or the time .
 Save your money . This product dries the skin and it 's the smallest packaging I 've ever seen . They must 've used macro photography to get the close-up ... the samples are in cellophane packets the size of tea bags -LRB- as a matter of fact , they enclose a tea bag . -RRB- Rip-off product , try anything else but this ...
 I bought this product because I have black spots . I purchased it because of costumer 's reviews were very good and because it seas that it is natural . I am using it since more than two weeks , but I do n't see any improving signs . So this product is nothing special , I just hope that that the ingredients are natural as it said . And the price is not worthy for it.Komenuka Bijin All-Natural Essence Whitening Cream with Rice Bran - 30ml
 bought cover girl power pink lipstick , i get more color from a chapstick , ca n't even tell i put it on , price was low , still got jipped
 It was n't what I expected . It was too glittery for my taste . But I was satisfied with the s & h. Instead I bought the Saint Germain lipstick from MAC . Now that 's more of what I was going for .
 This is an ugly dark purplish pink , no where near red even though it says Classic Red on the label.Also it does not feel moist , it feels dry after just a few seconds . Very disappointed .
 When I placed the order it indicated the lipstick was a 2-pack . When I received it the order was a single tube of lipstick . Had I know this I would not have order from this vendor .
 Since I could not post that the product is too pricey at the recently raised price I 'm going to lie and say it is nicely priced so I will not get an e-mail telling me my review could not be posted because I put truth , and was well within all guidelines with what my review said before ... I gues you have to say something good to get a review posted ? SAD
 Exactly the product that was desired , a discontinued product . I see now the person who offered the product is now doing business under a different name .
 This looks like the same color on for a little bit -- then when it 's almost gone it goes to a funny orange . I 'm thinking its a knock - off or something . I still had a small amt . left of an original and it sure did n't do what this lipstick did . My husband asked -- what do you have on your lips -- he rarely notices a thing ...
 I ordered this item from Amazon as it is very difficult to find locally . I was very unbhappy when I opened the package and found the wrong item had been sent . I was shipped Cover Girl Honeyplum glow # 800 , when I had ordered Cover Girl Almost Nude # 820
 I was very excited for this product , but find it to fall very short of any and all expectations . Not only do you have to apply it more than once to get it to show up , but it does n't apply well . It smears easy and breaks often . It does not go on smoothly . I wo n't be buying this product again .
 This product is absolutely awful . It manages to migrate from the bottom lid to the area under my eyes . I look like some hit me or like a racoon because my black eyeliner has smudged and is now under the bottom lid . I only gave it a star because they would n't accept a zero star rating .
 I bought this for the convenience of not having to sharpen . I have a similar product from Clinique , but this pales in comparison . This eyeliner was too dry . The color did n't apply well so it was n't dark enough . Even if I use more pressure , it results do n't improve . Liquid eyeliner is better than this . Otherwise , if you opt for a pencil , get the kind that you have to sharpen .
 I was introduced to Avon through a friend who sells it . I really wanted a superior product and there prices seems fair , checked out reviews and made purchase . I purchased Avon Glimmer stick in black and brown . I bought it from an avon store . I must say Im disapointed . I mean the stick breaks off easy -LRB- im gentle and dont even use it everyday -RRB- , didnt even last 6 months . I had the SAME experience with the mascara , all of a sudden one day I went in to use it and it was broken . -LRB- how does mascara break -RRB- Not even 6 months of use .
 Does n't `` glimmer '' or `` shimmer '' at all its flat black . Right when I recieved it I rolled it all the way up to see how much eyeliner I actually paid for . It was 2 inches . Not that much eyeliner for 5.00 plus shipping . I like my maybellene regular wooden eye pencil and will be sticking with that for a while . Not really worth it , if you like this product just find someone who sells it in your area and get it while its on sale for like 2 $ free of shipping . : -RRB-
 If you are looking for a good pencil to line the waterline ... this is not for you . This pencil glides on smooth , but the color is not dark and does not stay on .
 I 'm not a big fan of this product . I love the `` smoky eyes '' look so I thought this product would be exactly what I need . I could barely tell I had it on , which was not the look I was going for . It also smeared a little too much without giving me the look that I wanted . With so many eyeliners on the market , including others from Avon , I would n't put this product on my `` must get '' list . However , to be fair , I only tried it in the black so if you are using another color , you probably will want a softer expression - meaning you notice the color without REALLY NOTICING the color . In that case it may work well for you .
 I 'm giving this product only 2 stars because it made my eyes water really bad . It also does n't go on as smooth and is n't as dark as I hoped . I also wear contact lenses so having this make my eyes water sucks . I usually wear Revlon or Palladio and I will be going back to purchasing Palladio from Sally 's for the same price as this . I do n't recommend this to anyone with sensitive eyes .
 This eyeliner is n't any different from your local drugstore eyeliner . It pulled on my lash line during application . I 'm not completely satisfied but if all you 're looking for is a BASIC eyeliner then this is for you -LRB- along with all the other ones at your local drugstore -RRB- . It also dispenses quickly and does n't seem like it 'll last very long.One up point for the stars ? It does n't smudge throughout the day -LRB- but again , neither does all my other eyeliners -RRB- .
 I know that produc is good , but I never came , may be the fault of the mail , but I wrote them to know I could do for do for me to come and they answered that , I spoke with the mail and I really think should be the ones to be communicated not me .
 I had worn this color -LRB- Saturn Grey once -RRB- when I was in my 20s and unless the formula has changed , I just did n't find it had a very good staying power . Nice colors thou . The idea of not having to sharpen was great but it does not last all day and it does bleed . I bought it once in my 20s and have n't bought it since.To me , color should last and I am talking more than an hour or 2 . Try the Make-Up For Ever liners . They are awesome and boy do they stay .
 Thisis just one item on a somewhat small to medium order . It has been days since I placed the order and it has yet to be acknowledged by Avon . Called they said it was in the warehouse . UM of course it is ! Never said when it would be picked or shipped . Just wanted to get off the phone to the next customer . Even the positive reviews on the profile are somewhat negative . Avon has many loyal customers who do n't want to bad-mouth the Co. . Constructively I can say they should have never taken on the challenge of selling from here , or on-line . It seems they are unprepared . When you deal with a representative in your area it is organized friendly and timely . I currently dont have a rep , but years back when I used one I never had this problem . Not to mention your helping the rep , who is trying ot make Extra money . This just makes it seem like its a company in its infancy , and they is inexperienced . Not what you would expect from a name like Avon . If I would have read the reviews I would have looked for a representative in my area .
 Straight from the avon rule book : : Online auctions , markets and outlets -- As an Avon Independent Sales Representative , you may not list for sale or advertise Avon products or the Avon selling opportunity in online auctions -LRB- including but not limited to eBay and Yahoo! Auctions -RRB- , markets , or other online outlets . This means that , without limitation , you may not : o Create listings on eBay for Avon products.o Sell Avon products through an online storefront , for example , through Amazon.com or Yahoo! Shopping or through an independently-managed online storefront.You are violating the rules .
 The actual liner is the size of a sample and it looks very pretty on your wrist but does not show up on eye lids . . i would not recommend this . i was referred to this as a cheap alternative to the mac glitter liner but the quality and size was awful !!
 I recieved this item and it was not the item that is pictured . It is a different bottle with a plastic top and does not smell like the original fragrance , therefore leading me to believe it is an imitation . There was no way to return the product either .
 I used to love this conditioner but the formula has changed . It no longer works as well . It also has a few added chemicals I ca n't pronounce . For a product that used to be simple and natural enough to work well for sensitive types , this is very disappointing . I have had to switch conditioners due to the irritants added to the new formula . Too bad , becaues this stuff used to be great .
 I found this product to do nothing as far as getting ride of snarls and tangles . I may be bias because im transitioning from none organic hair care but it really did n't do anything . I put it in my hair and I did n't feel a difference in the texture like I do with other products . It really does n't smell that great either when in your hair .
 Used this product for over a year . It does not work at reducing under eye puffiness or dark circles . It made my dark circles look darker .
 i think i just got a bad bottle because i have heard great things about this and seen the great reviews . but it did not work for me . left nails oily , polish gummy , and bubbles formed on top . Will purchase again to find out the truth !
 It does not dry the polish ! I 've odered 3 and these are total waste of money . i am so dispointed with OPI .
 Well I tried it on my 3 year old son and he broke out in the terrible red rash as well . I thought it was just something that would be a problem for him . Now last night I used it on my 2 year old daughter and she had the same reaction . Poor thing looks like she has been out in the sun for days . I called the Burt 's to let them know about this and they gave me a case number and said that I could talk to customer service about it further . We will see what they say . They recommended that I take the bottle in to the pediatrician , and have my kids tested for allergies . Normally I love the Burt 's products , but this one is a huge no for my kiddos ! Works just fine on me . Spot test for sure !!!!!
 I thought that by using a more natural product that I would n't have to worry about my son having a reaction , but I was sadly mistaken . After using this lotion my 3 month old son developed a contact rash which lasted for just over a month , which was very disappointing seeing as I was given quite a bit of Burt 's Bees products at my baby shower and now will not use any of them for fear of this happening again . He was covered with red sores on his entire body after one use , and the poor guy was so uncomfortable ! After this happened I began reading negative reviews that other mother 's had written about this same product . Never again !
 This product gave my toddler a terrible chemical rash . Three weeks later , parts of his body are still inflamed . I would definitely do a patch test before using it on a baby . I googled it later and found he is not the only one with this reaction .
 Like many other kiddos who have used this lotion , it causes my daughter -LRB- 6 -RRB- to break out into one giant patch of of hot , red itchy hives EVERYWHERE the lotion has touched . In other words , head to toe . I would love to know what 's causing it . It has absolutely no effect on my other 2 kids , aside from smelling lovely . :-LRB- Has anyone figured out what causes this ??
 My 19 month old broke out in a terrible red rash after using this lotion . 6 days later and the redness is gone but he still is covered in bumps and uncomfortable . From reading reviews here and on many other sites it seems like a lot of people have had a similar problem . Be careful !
 Who would buy something off a supermarket shelf nowadays that is not tamper resistant ? You can put your finger right in the product by unscrewing the lid . I wrote to them and they told me that their customers wanted it that way so that they could ` smell ' the product -LRB- and sample it ? -RRB- What ever happened to testers ?
 Please be aware that this lotion can be highly allergenic for babies and toddlers . Our 18-month old son has sporadically broken out in horrible rashes and hives over the last few months . The first time it happened , he woke up in the middle of the night screaming , covered in massive red welts that he had scratched bloody and raw . We have cut short vacations and have had to give our son prescription medications to combat the outbreaks and relieve my son from the itching , swelling and discomfort . We have also paid expensive co-pays at allergy clinics and to our pediatrician to try and figure out what was happening . We did not get any answers as to what was causing this severe reaction , which was happening only in the middle of the night AND only when we were out of town . We went through extensive allergy testing and treatment only to be told he was n't allergic to anything.Because the cool weather is approaching , I used the last of my travel sample on our son one recent morning -LRB- as opposed to post-bath aquaphor -RRB- and about 5 hours later he had another massive itchy rash . This was the first `` day time '' episode . Through this trial and error I have come to realize it is Burt 's Bees Buttermilk lotion that is causing these horrible reactions . At this point , I am not sure what particular ingredient is the culprit . But there are a number of online forums with parents complaining about the same rash and hive reaction to the lotion.I am usually a Burt 's Bees fan , but if you buy this product please do a patch test on your child .
 My poor daughter broke out in a horrible thick red rash everywhere I put this lotion . I am now reading that other mothers have had the same problem . It does smell good though .
 I normally like Burt 's Bees products but my daughter -LRB- now 7 -RRB- had a horrible allergic reaction to the Baby Bee Buttermilk Lotion . She broke out in a raging red rash and hives everywhere the lotion was applied . There are alot of ingredients so I 'm not certain on what the culprit was . It smells great and I 'll use it for me but use caution on young kids .
 Like many posters before me , this lotion causes my child to break out into a nasty , red , itchy rash where ever it has touched her skin . It promptly has been put in the trash.Please do n't subject your child to even a spot check for this reaction . It is not worth it ! We were up most of the night with my child . It is heartbreaking to see her in such pain.I had received some of this lotion as a gift and just grabbed it last night . Immediately after applying , she was a giant red rash.Stick with Aquafor , which keeps skin soft and we 've never had a reaction to .
 I broke out in a horrible itchy rash 4 hours after applying this lotion . The rash is all over my body 'cause I had used the lotion all over the body ! Now , I have to spend more money on antihistamine meds . Please do a patch test before applying on your child . BTW , I am 37 and not some baby with really sensitive skin .
 My son , 18 months , broke out in an terrible rash where I applied the lotion ! It looked so very , very awful and he was clearly very uncomfortable where the bright , red , hot rash was . He kept itching and it looked dreadful . Did I mention it looked painful ?!! Sorry , but it was bad . For being so natural , clearly many children are having this reaction . The redness was very hot to the touch , and I would liken it to a very bad burn . Great smell , but a terrible price to pay . Ouch !!! I was ready to run him to the ER for fear that he was in danger of a some sort of severe allergic reaction . I really hope it looks better in the morning and I really hope Burt 's Bees will do something about this situation because no child/baby should have to experience this !
 My mother found a bottle of this lotion given to us as a part of a gift set . My 2 year old 's skin is very sensitive and my mother used it thinking it was ok because it 's natural and hypoallergenic . I got home to see that my daughter had a HORRIBLE , HORRIBLE reaction . She has a rash from her neck down to her Pull-up . She cant sleep because of the discomfort .
 My son has an awful itchy red rash from this ! Do n't use it ! I feel awful because he is so uncomfortable
 I put this lotion every where on my son except his face when he got out of the bath . When he woke up the next morning his skin was covered in bumps and severly red -LRB- his face was fine -RRB- . I have seen a lot of other people complaining of these same results . I was wondering if any one has found what they thought to be the culprit . Thanks !
 Not my favorite burts product and I am a huge fan . This has a funny smell to it , and is very greasy . I will admit it works great , just cant get over the smell and the long lasting greasy effect .
 The brand you sent was correct , but the bottle i recived is different from what i ordered . It is to late to exchange Iwill be going back to Asia in three days .
 I 'm a 51 year old woman whose eyebrows have been getting a little thin at the ends . I thought this product would be a good way for me to get a nice , even brow . Based on the reviews I purchased it . It has been a big disappointment . First , the brush that comes with the kit can only be used with the stencil so if the stencil is n't the shape you want you wo n't be able to use the huge brush that comes with it you 'll have to acquire a different brush . The eyebrow stencils are all quite thin , even the one marked thick and all are very angular . If your natural eyebrows are more rounded like mine the stencil just wo n't fit . Also , while other reviewers said the product stayed on all day I have to mention that the first time I used it I accidentally brushed up against my eyebrow right after applying it and completely erased that eyebrow.I tried to use the stencil , more than once , just on the ends of my eyebrows with limited success . I tried using the eyebrow color on it 's own with no stencil and a different brush but truthfully , I have some Maybelline eyebrow powder color that was half the price and does just as good a job . I 'd probably like this product if I had a different stencil that more accurately fit my eyebrow . For now , it 's a disappointment . I would n't recommend this . I have gone back to my eyebrow pencil .
 I ordered the lightest shade -LRB- tan -RRB- becaused I am blonde . When applied it has a reddish cast , which certainly does n't look natural .
 I was really excited to get this , because I have very sparse eyebrows . Honestly , it was very disappointing . It 's no where near dark brown , it 's more of a greenish brown colour , I 'm not sure what hair colour you would have to have for it to match . The stencils are ok , they 're better than a lot that are out there .
 After reading the good reviews about this product , I decided to try it . It is extremely light on my dark skin , it 's actually lighter than my actual eyebrow color . Maybe if I got black I would have been more satisfied . But I bought dark brown from a different vender and it matched perfectly and was less powdery as this one . So I would not recommend this , not good quality .
 I love NARS eyeshadows , however I stumbled upon some mistakes while shopping this post . Several of the images shown for the eyeshadows are not the correct ones ! For example - the pictured duo for `` Heaven '' is not the Heaven duo . The description was correct , but the image was not . Just be careful that you are actually buying what is pictured . I suggest doing a google comparison just to make sure the duo you want is the one you 're purchasing.I will try to leave a comment with the retailer .
 Amazon keeps telling me my package was delivered , but I 've been on the phone with the delivery service `` Lasership '' for two days . I ordered one day delivery on Monday and it 's now Friday . I 'm sitting here with a bleached head waiting to use my dye but woops , it 's still not here!If I had realized that ordering one day service off of an amazon prime seller meant wasting my time waiting around for some piece of crap delivery service -LRB- instead of the USPS or UPS , why ? -RRB- I never would have ordered from here.Here 's hoping I finally get my hair dye before I have to go to work all weekend looking like a complete idiot .
 The bubbly did not last long enough . As a matter of fact , the Incredible Hulk , Strawberry Shortcake etc for a little over a dollar that I bought at Walmart lasted alot longer bubblewise than this did .
 Sensitive skin may be a bit misleading . This has scent , freesia being one of them . For the allergy prone , it is a no go . Wish that it had stated it had scent in the description.NOTE to anyone ordering in California
 It is SO LOUD !!!! Besides , it stoped functioning the first time I turned it on
 I am very disappointed in this dryer . I have only had this dryer for 2 years and used it only on occasion and all of the sudden in the middle of drying my hair it just shuts off ! I had a Westinghouse bonnet dryer for over 18 years that still worked when I bought this one , but it was so old the pins were coming out that attached the bonnet to the body of the dryer , but it still got hot . I only bought this because of the anti static ion properties that I thought would be better for my hair . I 've very disappointed with the quality of this dryer . Shame on you Hot Tools !
 I will certainly not buy this product again . I generally have a little oily face and this face wash dried my face really bad . It was a disaster . Total waste of money .
 What a rip off ! $ 30 for nothing . The tube was dried out and what little there was did nothing to plump my lips.FusionBeauty LipFusion Micro-injected Collagen Lip Plump , Original
 I used the city lips lip plumper for 30 nights without fail , , , , , and it did nothing , , , , , it was a total waste of money for me .
 It 's great as a lip gloss but nothing else . It does indeed create a layer of collagen but so flimsy that it constantly just peels . It 's expensive too .
 works as a good lip balm but i didt really see a difference in the size of my lips , wouldnt buy it again .
 I have used this product for years when Clinique sold it . It was retailed at $ 25.00 + then they discontinued it last year sadly . So I have bought up a plethora of supplies to last me until I can find another product I like better to replace it . Most of them from Amazon . Well today I thought I would look again and came across this seller !!!!!!!!!!! I was SHOCKED to see what this seller is charging for this product ! I understand mark up due to being discontinued but this is Highway robbery and just SHEER GREED by this seller . They should be ASHAMED of themselves ! Amazon should be to for allowing them to ROB consumers . I would have considered purchasing all 3 products they had left but not for $ 179.00 each !! When even high retail and mark up should not be more the $ 50 - $ 75 . I will NEVER recommend nor purchase from this rip off artist seller . Again they should be removed for trying to rip off and OVERcharge for discontinued items ! GREED MONGERS ! Clinique Gentle Light Powder and Brush 05 Glow 4 http://www.amazon.com/Clinique-Gentle-Light-Powder-Brush/dp/B00021VOY8/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1343948155&sr=8-1&keywords=clinique+gentle+light+powder+05+glow+4
 I havent seen any change . It doesnt have an orange smell . I didnt like it so far but I will update my review once I see a change
 I purchased this product from another seller . I had been looking for this fragrance that was from the 1960 's made by `` Love Cosmetics '' . They had such a fresh line of fragrances , and their 's smelled like fresh lemons and was so refreshing . When I received it I opened the bottle . All I could smell was cleaning solution . It was gross ! This was not the fragrance I remembered . This smelled more like a disinfecting solution you would find in the cleaning aisle at the grocery store . I was very disappointed . I do not recommend this for anyone who likes the smell of lemons , unless you want to smell like cleaning products .
 I usually do n't leave reviews , but this was such a waste of money , not to mention a big disappointment . I should have known from the reviews I read that said this was n't what we remembered , but I chose to believe the ` good ' reviews . I sure do n't know what they recieved to have given such glowing reviews , but , this product is in a ` tiny ' plastic bottle & the contents smell as ` old as the hills ' . Yuck ! There is nothing fresh or reminicent about it ! I truly feel ` ripped off ' !
 I 'm not sure what compelled me to buy this stuff ; probably that I adore lemon as a lotion/perfume scent and so wanted to check it out . But I was n't a fan . It was n't awful , but it smelled noticeably old , slightly moldy . Somehow I doubt that Love 's is still manufacturing this scent new anymore , which makes me wonder if FragranceNet just has some stockpile inventory of old perfume sitting there . I ended up throwing about half of the perfume out when I just could n't stand to wear it anymore.If you want real crisp lemon , try Avalon Organics lemon hand and body lotion .
 I do n't know what this is , but it 's not `` Love 's Fresh Lemon '' cologne . It smells awful ! It smells like very stale alcohol with no lemon smell at all . I was looking forward to wearing this wonderful fresh scent again , but once I put it on , I could n't scrub it off fast enough ! It came in what looks like a sample size bottle with no bag or box around it . It was just tossed into the mailing box . I 'll be sending it back or into the trash . What a rip-off .
 I was sooooo disappointed when I received this cologne . I had n't seen Love 's Fresh Lemon since the 70 's , and I 'm afraid this stuff must have been sitting in a dusty warehouse since then . Instead of the fresh , tingly fragrance of fresh lemons , it smelled more like rancid rubbing alcohol . What a let down . Do n't waste your money !
 I bought this perfume for my mom for her birthday . It used to be her favorite . When I gave it to her , imagine my embarrassment when it smelled like stale alcohol ! I 'll never buy perfume from this company again !!!! I sent an email stating my disappointment and they emailed me a paid return shipping label , and I returned the product to them , however it has not been credited to my account . It has been over two weeks that I have sent it to them . The amount of time it took them to charge my account and send it to me was quite a bit less than two weeks . I 'm hoping I will get my money back but at this point who knows !
 this was such a dissapointment ... ! I wanted the crisp clean Love 's fresh lemon of the 70 's not this . . It is a knock off or something . . do n't waste your money like I did ...
 NOT THE ORIGINAL . Great Disappointment . Smelled like someone used old Love 's baby soft mixed in lemon pledge and lots of rubbing alcohol . Arrived in tiny tacky plastic bottles as well . SAVE YOUR MONEY and buy L'Occitane 's Citrus Verbena Summer Fragrance -LRB- the very yellow looking one -RRB- . It 's seasonal , so get it when you can.Closest thing to the original Love 's that I have been able to find .
 I was a fan of the seventies version of Love 's Fresh Lemon -- and the new stuff just ai n't the same . A friend remarked that it smelled like lemon furniture polish . I would n't go that far -- I 'll grudgingly admit that it is pleasant -- but the magic of the original formula is alas not there . And the fragrance does n't last -- rub on a generous amount , and an hour later it 's gone .
 I had high hopes because I have been searching for a lemon fragrance that was like one I used to wear way back in the day . This is not it ! It smells like alcohol and not much like lemon . I ended up throwing it away .
 At first when I found that Amazon carried Love 's Lemon Cologne I was thrilled to say the least . Upon receiving the product after opening the cologne , I discovered that the fragrance was nothing like it used to be which I wore often . I do n't know why it changed so very much but I will probably not ever wear it.LaLoie in California
 This perfume is so spoiled that it smells like a drugstores no-name $ 4.00 a quart mens ` cologne ' . The only lemon here was the product itself ; which I had to flush down the toilet , then rapidly exit the room to escape the odor . It would have been nice if they would have let me know the `` perfume '' was long expired . I 'm quite sure they are aware of that fact , and continue to rip people off . I will never spend another dime with this company again.The only reason I marked this review with one star is because the page would not advance without it -- in reality I give it zero stars !
 The bottle I purchased was very small . I was expecting a regular size bottle and was disappointed that it turned out to be only a one-ounce size . It is my fault for not reading the size ; I was in a hurry and only looked at the picture . It would be nice if pictures were done in such a way as to show the actual size . For example , they could have had a hand holding the bottle between the thumb and forefinger . Looking at the picture when ordering , it appeared like a regular sized bottle of Love 's colognes . Do n't let my mistake become yours , when ordering colognes , be sure to read how many ounces are in the bottle .
 I bought two bottles , hoping for that lovely , fresh lemon scent from high school . The two bottles I received expired in the fall of 1996 ! They were rancid . I just threw them out without emptying them in my sink . Did n't want that smell hanging around . What a rip off . The expiration dates are clear as can be on the bottom of the little plastic bottles . I wo n't order from this company again .
 What a huge disappointment ! I was thrilled to find this and could n't wait for it to arrive . I had hoped that it was the same as the fun scent that I wore in Jr. . High School many years ago . Not only was it not , I could n't wash it off my arms fast enough . It was absolutely horrible ... smelled spoiled to say the least . Perhaps I just got a bad bottle . I guess my first clue was that it did n't come in a box , it was n't sealed in any way , and the bottle was worn out . Oh well , I guess things are just best left in the old memory ! Save your money and do not buy this pseudo product .
 I recently purchased a bottle of Love 's Lemon . It smelled so strong until I am afraid to put it on my skin -LRB- a rash may form -RRB- or spray it on my clothes -LRB- may cause discoloration -RRB- . It smells like sour lemonaide . This was a real disapointment because I have been searching for a fragrance that has a `` clean '' lemon smell.Buyer Beware .
 I was so disappointed in this product . I think it was left from the 70 's . it did n't have a lemon scent at all . It stunk . Smelled rancid .
 When I saw the product on line I was very excited ... it is the perfume my wife of 32 years used when we first met . It is no longer available anywhere ... so you can see why I was ready to buy it . When it came it was not the perfume I expected ... in fact it does not even smell anmything like the product we knew so well . It is however packaged in the same containers.It was a special surprize gift for my wife on our 32 anniversary ... when she opened the box it came in her eyes lit up . BUT ... when she opened the container she was pretty must devastated to smell some thing that can only be described as really bad .
 This does n't even smell like lemons . It did n't come with a box and there are no ingredients listed on the bottle . I know it 's been years since I 've smelled Love 's Fresh Lemon and my tastes may have changed but a lemon smells like a lemon and this does n't even come close . My coworkers thought it smelled like a floor cleaner and it does ! Even my kids think it smells horrible . Perhaps I got a bad batch ?
 This smells like disinfectant , not perfume . Do n't waste your money . This is not the original sold before . Too bad that they are not using the original formula .
 We paid for next day shipping to get this as a Christmas gift for my mom . It came broken , 2 days late , and was not wrapped in any bubble wrap , or anything , just placed in it 's cardboard frame , so it could easily move and slam around in box . You would think that for a $ 100 mirror they would take the time to wrap it nice and securely . Very frustrating !
 It bought this mirror because my new place did n't have natural light in the bathroom and I thought it would be bright enough based on reviews . While it has some brightness , I do n't think the one sided magnification and amount of light are enough to warrant the price . It 's just okay . I think there are others out there just as good for less money .
 Well , I received this mirror for Christmas today , and it does not work . So disappointing . Will be returning it tomorrow .
 Zadro S-Neck Surround Light Vanity MirrorI stand -LRB- not seated -RRB- , while applying my make-up . Mirror must sit on bathroom counter . Mirror does not have telescoping neck to raise it to height I need.Mrs . J. Blandford
 Even thoug this product is labeled as ` Got 2 b Glued ' , it 's consistency is unlike the version that comes in the tube . It 's a lot runnier and is more like a gel versus a ` glued ' effect .
 I 'm not going to buy this simply because every single review is by someone who is obviously working for the company . Thanks Damone !
 It smells nothing like vanilla.Its is all musky and disgusting . And it is so tiny . . it comes in a roll on bottle .
 I bought the lemon and the vanilla . They both smelled old and bad . I should return them , but hate to bother with it . Never will I buy fragrances on line again .
 The only good thing is that it does not contain DEET . I 'm all for natural/herbal products , but ones that do n't knock you over with their smell . The only place I can stand to have this sprayed is my lower legs & feet . Any closer to my nose & it 's overwhelmingly strong with its smell . YUCK !!!! Sorry , but just being honest . Just bought this product yesterday , so we 'll see how it works throughout the day today . It 's for my daughter who swells up when bitten by mosquitoes . So , instead of the constant spraying of OFF on her daily , we wanted to go the natural route . Guess I 'll keep searching for natural but not so awful-smelling !
 This product seems to work well and I like that there are no harmful chemicals . However , it has a VERY strong smell that is not that pleasant .
 This product did not work at all . My child was covered with mosquitoes bites from head to toe . Big waste of money .
 Coming from the biggest health nut on the planet
 I changed the 4 start rating I originally had to 1 star because of the 1/2 empty bottles now being shipped -LRB- the last 2 times -RRB- . I cancelled my subscribe and save as well.The last 2 shipments on Subscribe and Save , the bottle of spray has been 1/2 full -LRB- 1/2 empty -RRB- I suppose they think people wo n't notice the bottles are lighter and missing 1/2 the contents , and wo n't cancel the subscription . Well , they are wrong . Great product , bad customer service !!!!!!!! I 'm canceling my subscription . No one likes getting `` ripped off '' ! Last time , I thought , well , maybe it 's a `` fluke '' , but this time it happened again . My hard earned money is too precious to spend on 1/2 an item I am paying full price for ! Buyer beware !! This product is fantastic . A little goes a VERY long way . I live out at the edge of the west coast , literally 2 blocks from the ocean . It 's nomally salty , damp and moist , even inside my apartment . The last year , months have appeared from everywhere , I tried all kinds of things to get rid of them , and nothing works but this product . All natural , smell is very potent -LRB- a little goes a long way -RRB- I 've even added water when the bottle is 1/2 used . the moths do not like it , and it is a great room freshener . Just be careful if you get it on your fingers - do not let it get into your eyes , the lemon grass , peppermint and citronella , eucalyptus sting.It 's a great alternative to `` moth balls '' -LRB- which do n't work out here -RRB- , bug sprays filled with chemicals -LRB- which did n't work either -RRB- , it 's on subscribe and save
 Well , I bought this item especially for the treatment of dark circles . After approx . three weeks there is no improvement . Perhaps it helps with puffiness , which I do n't suffer from , but on my eyes the dark circles have not changed at all .
 After 20 years of dying my hair -LRB- w reg . hair dye -RRB- monthly , I switched to something less toxic for my hair . I have black hair , so I know I would n't be blonde , but I was hoping to get a diff . color . It is dark brown now - not even honey like color . It covered 40 % of my gray hairs -LRB- I only have few -RRB- . After I used the product , my hair was SOOOOOO dry and w/o shine . I have to use oil now for my hair to look healthy.I would n't buy this brand anymore . I am going to try a diff natural brand to see if it works for me .
 * John Frieda Frizz Ease Curl Perfecting Spray did not do anything for my curls * I will have to try something else that might work better * I liked the Beyond Zone or the Got2B Smooth Operator to make my curls soft and managable
 I bought this on a whim ... bad idea ! I do n't think it does much of anything to support the formation of my curls , but still makes my hair stiff . I keep putting in more , hoping that it start working , but it just gets stiffer without getting curlier . I 've used up a fourth of the bottle in maybe 3 days trying to get it to work , so even if it did work well for me , the bottle would n't last long enough considering the price . 2 stars because the stiffness is n't that bad compared to other products I 've tried , even if it does n't work .
 John Frieda sucks ... but for some reason I decided to purchase this around 6 months ago in hopes it would work . It did n't the first use , second use ... or 50th use . This spray is sticky and leaves hair in horrible condition.Do NOT recommend this . I am sure this is made for straight-haired girls like most of his products . I have thick , wavy hair and this stuff sucks . I can curl my hair with my friggin finger better than with this product !
 My hair is slightly less frizzy , but not by much . It improved my curls for about an hour or two . I am of mixed race -LRB- to help you understand my type of hair -RRB- .
 Bought this last night , because in the humid weather my hair does curl up a bit but also gets very frizzy and fly-away . This did absolutely nothing to make my hair look better . It 's actually less curly and voluminous than normal , and the frizz is still there . Waste of money .
 In a nutshell , I do n't notice any growing going on after two weeks of twice daily use . What little eyebrows I do have do n't look any thicker either . Do n't waste your time or money .
 There has been no improvement in my brows since using the product . I would not purchase this product again .
 This self tanner I thought would work for me . BUT it did not . I was careful to put it on , and yet it made me orange . Be careful
 I did n't buy this product from amazon , but when I first bought it from target , it worked horribly . It left my hair feeling brittle and dry -LRB- I have relaxed 4b/4c hair -RRB- Hated this product , no matter how little or small I used I just hated it . I ended up giving it to my friend . However , she said it worked great for her
 I combed my hair , then spritzed on this product and could barely get the comb through my hair . Fell for all the rave reviews here and on youtube by beauty gurus . I use low heat setting on my hair dryer and do n't use a straightener and my hair is frizzier than normal . I wo n't be repurchasing this . The smell is good and I like the spray bottle . That 's about it .
 I dont know about the reviews that say it doesnt work well and its greasy and all that . My first sprits and straighten was wonderful . However , the next day ... I COMBED THROUGH MY HAIR AND SAW FLAKES COMING OUT . I have clean healthy hair . My hairdresser and my dermatologist compliment me on how well i take care of not only the hair , but my skin and scalp.This may have simply been the effect on my scalp and hair but i immediately knew it was this and ceased use . As i said , it could be just me , but what i know is i wont be using this or recommending this for anyone else to use .
 It made my hair sticky and hard i did n't like it . Also it smells like chemicals and made my hair feel stiff . I originally bought it because i got this waver for my hair and thought i should get a protectant spray for the heat , well it did n't work my hair got kind of frizzy . Then again my hair gets frizzy easily , and is sensitive i guess so maybe it just was n't for my hair type . I know lots of other people think it 's amazing so i do n't know , not for me though . Total waste of 8 bucks and shipping was forever !!!
 I was so excited and anxious about getting this product , once I finally received it the bottle was still wrapped in plastic but only a fourth of liquids in a 8 oz bottle . So imagine how felt when something I was so ready to receive was so disappointing and was not able to receive a new bottle on the hassle of a return !!!!!!! so although the product may awesome never got to experience it .
 That 's all it is , scented water . I had a buy one get one free of this product so I got it . Wish I had n't , it was such a waste of money . It does n't protect your hair , it just makes it sizzle and makes it harder to curl .
 This is probably the worst product I have ever used . Everyone else seems to use this as their go-to heat protectant . However , this stuff makes me look like a greaseball . At first I was using a lot , as it turned out , but then I kept clarifying my hair of the product and using less of it . I have more hair than most people . ONE spritz on the ends still left me looking like a greaser . This stuff is nasty . I ended up getting the heat protectant from Beyond the Zone at Sally 's Beauty Supply . Way better than Tresemee .
 I 've only bought this in stores , not on amazon & I do n't care for it at all . I prefer the straightening gel which of course is nowhere to be found in stores now .
 This product was sent without proper packaging and because of that it was damaged during shipping , it leaked all over my purchases . I contacted the seller for a refund or a replacement but have n't heard back . Absolutely horrible service !
 Im soooo angry ... I am so upset , I received the package wet , it was not well close , so i only got the bottle empty . : @
 If you are planning on using this product - Be Warned - it will leave a film of what is like a silicon substance on anything and everything it touches including not only brushes , combs , and styling equipment but also but floors , walls , towels , carpeting , clothing , shoes , socks , pets and it gets tracked into every other area of your home . No matter what I do , I can not get it out of the carpets near the bathroom - from simply ONE USE of the product.I suppose that might be considered a good thing if you are solely thinking about protecting your hair from heat , but in my opinion it is not worth having this stuff cover and stick to every surface it comes in contact with . It took me hours to clean the bathroom -LRB- and I 'm no clean freak , mind you ! -RRB- and I have no idea how many months it 's going to take to dissipate from the carpeting . The bathroom floor was so slick even my dog slipped on it , as did I and my boyfriend.As for protecting my hair , I saw no difference whatsoever .
 Wow not sure why so many good reviews for this . It made my hair feel nasty and caked up . I wo n't be purchasing again . I guess everyone is different . I have dry hair to begin with and this made it much worse with a very unnatural feel to it afterwards . If you are going to buy I would look for the best price for only one bottle . I got three bottles of this crap and most of it went down the sink so that it was n't laying around in the '' crappy cosmetics abyss '' . Good luck
 This product seriously made my face break out . I 've used other primers before and I 've never had that happen before.So much for making my face look more flawless . ; -RRB-
 After trying several products , I heard so much good reveiws on this primer , and was very disappointed at the size of the tube and it did n't provide the fill in coverage that it states . The best so far that I have found for my skin type -LRB- dry -RRB- is `` The Present '' by Philosophy . It provides this smooth canvas and fills in your creases creating a flawless effect .
 After reading fabulous reviews about her cosmetics I decided to take the plung . I purchased the primer , moisturizing foundation , and translucent powder . Personally they are not worth the $ $ $ and I returned them . I actually looked worse and washed out . It may work for some individuals but not me . I am going back to my Mary Kay !
 A total waste of money - used twice , then threw it away . Garden Botanika and English Ideas make much better primers .
 I purchased this cologne because I smelled at department store at the mall . When I received the package it looked just like the one in the picture , but the smell was nothing like the one at the mall . I think this is a knock off . Do n't buy this cologne from amazon , try a reputable seller .
 I almost bought this product to cover under eye circles because I was tired of trying concealers from MAC , Elizabeth Arden , and then this one.But for some reason , which I could n't pinpoint at that time , I really hated it . It made my undereyes look far WORSE , as if I had aged 10 years more.I naturally have little under eye wrinkles but this concealer magnify them 100 times more . Would not recommend .
 I love this product and just found out that I can no longer purchase in the stores . However , at the ridiculous price here , I will find another replacement .
 You MUST be kidding me -- that 's just outrageous highway robbery for a product I have used , and loved , for many years.Would rate the PRICE with a negative star if I could
 An employee at Sephora recommended this conditioner to me as a replacement for my Dr. Hauschka lip balm stick . It was around the same price range so I bought it . It leaves a white film over my lips and makes my lips peel . However , it is n't completely useless , I use Cauldie 's lip conditioner to remove all the dead skin from my lips and then put my regular Hauschka lip balm on -LRB- now that I can find it at Whole Foods -RRB- . I wo n't be repurchasing this item . It 's a shame that I could n't share a wonderful experience like everyone else had . It just goes to show you , product react differently on people .
 This lip conditioner made my lips really dry , i have no idea why ! I tried for 2 weeks and it was really bad .
 This simply felt like a lighter petroleum jelly and was in a tube . Been using it for a week and notice no difference . Easily wears off in five minutes . CLinique 's lip scrub made my lips feel better .
 me enviaron un perfume de imitacion olia muy mal , nada que ver con el buen olor del portafolio original . agradezco para la proxima vez envien perfumes originales
 This product is n't the greatest . It does n't add a lot of shine to my hair it just makes it go flat . I prefer Garnier Fructis Style Brilliantine Shine Glossing Spray , it makes my hair very silky and shiny with lots of body .
 Let me say that I 'm a John Frieda fan . I use the Frizz-Ease hair serum on my thick , curly hair every day and it works wonders . So I was prepared to like this product.I 'm not very sensitive to product scents ; I will use most anything if it makes my hair look good . This one is an exception , though . It smells terrible -- to my nose it 's a combination of watermelon , dead fish , and baby powder -- and the smell does not go away as the product settles and dries . I could n't even give this a second test try because it smelled so bad . It did make my hair shiny , but there is no way I could possibly use it . Bummer ! I see that a couple other reviewers have liked it , though , so it 's definitely a subjective matter and not everyone would find the smell so objectionable .
 I ordered this product from this seller and I got a bottle that was not sealed or packaged at all . The bottle looks worse than the empty one I currently have , the label is chipping off and it looks gross . The product does n't smell right either , I 've used this shine gloss for a long time and ordered it off the internet because it 's either not being made anymore , or my local store quit carrying it . Whatever is in this bottle IS NOT JOHN FRIEDA FRIZZ EASE SHINE GLOSS , it smells as if they filled a bottle with robbing alcohol and sent it to me -LRB- the real product has a very faint hint that smells almost like strawberries -RRB- . No wonder they marked the price in half so quickly . DO NOT ORDER THIS , IT IS A SCAM .
 I bought the TENS Clean-Cote Protective Wipes believing them to have some sort of protective coating on them for skin that is sensitive to the electrode pads . What did I get ? A box of 50 alcohol wipes that I can get for nothing from my sister who is a nurse . This is blatant misrepresentation of goods . I am a frequent customer on Amazon and like to think that when I buy from an Amazon seller , I am getting what is advertised . I am outraged that BalegoOnline.org so openly rips off people with disabilities . Unfortunately , I opened a packet before reading the ingredients which , I guess , nullifies a return . $ 10.50 is a heck of a lot of money to pay for alcohol wipes . I can buy a huge bottle of rubbing alcohol for $ 2 . at Walmart . Do n't waste your money - I hope Amazon does something about this seller .
 I have used Clinique 's Quick Corrector wand in Light for over 15 years , basically as my only foundation makeup because I have redness of the T-zone area , which product blended very well with my natural fair skin tone . Recently to my dismay they discontinued Quick Corrector , and I was told by the sales associate that Line Smoothing Concealer had replaced it . I purchased the product in Light , which went on the face very similarly to Quick Corrector , a little heavier consistency but good coverage , and all seemed fine until I took a really good look at myself in the mirror ; to my horror , there was a distinct orangy cast which continued to the borders of my un-madeup face , so it appeared I was wearing a mask . I mailed the product back to Clinique and they sent me a refund , so I have been shopping around for a similar concealer -LRB- mostly on Amazon , who thank goodness stocks just about any brand you want to try -RRB- , and happened upon an Estee Lauder concealer wand called DoubleWear Flawless Wear Concealer in their color 01 Light , and am happy to report that THIS is the replacement for the Quick Corrector wand in color Light that I have been searching for as a perfect match to my skin tone . Great coverage and same consistency as Quick Corrector , and no lines of demarcation . Remember that Estee Lauder is the parent company of Clinique , so if you too are a disappointed former Quick Corrector user , try the Lauder concealer for a better color match , and it is priced only about $ 5 more than Clinique 's concealers . If you only use concealer in small sections of your face , than the Line Smoothing may not cause discoloration for you and I wish you well , because both products feel comfortable on the skin and are quality concealers .
 This product is advertised as being Africa 's Best Organics Olive Oil Extra Virgin Shampoo ... and that is about ALL that is organic about it ! Almost everything else - and there is a lot - consists of nearly unpronounceable long chemical names of something that is entirely non-organic . I was so put off by what I saw that I immediately threw this so-called organic shampoo directly into the garbage pail , since no one else in my home wanted it either , and the shipping cost would have been prohibitive to send it back . I would definitely not recommend this product to anyone except those who might like the pretty green color that is created by several artificial colors .
 Not at all happy with this product . The only way the smell stays is if you spray it a bunch on your shirt , etc. . and then only that one spot gives off the scent -LRB- not like cologne/perfume where the scent carriers -RRB- .
 Well the price was good but we got the wrong thing . And the one we got smells like dirty water .
 While the products are all as described , the service from Demeter Fragrance Library left much to be desired . I placed an order of 1 full sized cologne spray and two samples . My order came with a free sample which was delightful , except that one sample arrived completely shattered and the sample spray pump did not work . I contacted Demeter Fragrance Library immediately to report the issue and was advised that if I were to return the defective products they would be more than happy to exchange or replace them . I was told I would be refunded for the shipping cost for having to mail my damaged products back to them . This was not the case . While they sent me new products and refunded me for the one item I returned , I was not reimbursed shipping and it took me a week to get a hold of someone at the company who told me that they never reimburse shipping back unless you return the whole order . However , this was not what I was told the first time I called or I would have never sent it back . Now I 'm out more for the shipping than I would have been just for the broken perfume sample . The woman I spoke to basically told me that no one could have possibly told me that I would be refunded unless I shipped the whole order back to them because `` It 's never been that way so I do n't know how that could be possible . '' Way to make your customer feel great . I 'll never place an order with them again . Order from an external website if you must .
 Do not purchase . It breaks after 6 months and the company does not honor its warranty .
 This would be a great iron if the clamp that clutches your hair was tighter and also seemTo heat up only to 210 , not enough for coarse hair ,
 There are so many little engineering flaws with this curling iron ... does n't hold your hair because it does n't close due to some alignment issue , button in a weird place so you are always hitting it and shutting it off , weird gap between barrel and base that your hair gets tangled in ... etc etc I expected this to be awesome based on previous FHI flat iron but was very disappointed .
 I really expected a better product for the high price you pay for Anthony Logistics Hair Gel . This stuff has an odd , overpowering smell that you notice ALL DAY . Worse , however , is that as the day went on , my scalp burned and itched . I have n't used this gel in two days , and my scalp is still itching -LRB- very unusual for me -RRB- . I ca n't use this product . This was , for me at least , a waste of $ 15.00 . Furthermore , even if the product had been pleasing , 4 ounces is a tiny amount for the high cost .
 The rubber `` massage tips '' did nothing to enhance the process -LRB- in other words , it does n't feel anything like a massage -RRB- , but they do hinder the effectiveness of the bristles ; you have to push harder to make effective contact between the bristles and your back because of the rubber tips . Another problem was the weight
 Not much to say except that this product did not work for me . The color is not deep enough for my light olive skin .
 Shipped in a small envelope for less than $ .60 why would they charge $ 5.50 to ship ? Oh thats right , it only cost a dollar to purchase . Beware no discount on mutiple orders , and does not qualify for Prime Shipping discounts !
 This product is absolutely horrible and has nothing to do with eau de rochas purchasedin Dubai duty free airoport . I really liked the smell and could n't find it in any duty freeafter that so I decided to try ordering it online and it was the only seller that had the product.I was extremely disappointed when I received it . It smells worse than bathroom cleansers!I will never purchase perfumes online again !
 It is not good product . Original one is amazing but this one smells bad , like fake one . Do not buy it here . Go to the store
 I was pretty strongly disappointed with this purchase . I bought it based on the marketing and I suppose that 's what I get.My first thought when trying it out the first time was that I smelled like I belonged in a movie about French Nobility in the 1800s . I asked a few of the women I know what they thought of it and it did n't get very good reviews from them . `` Powdery '' , `` You smell like twice your age '' , `` Smells like grandpa cologne '' . It 's relatively subtle , and not entirely unpleasant , but it 's not the sort of cologne I would wear out on a date or out on the town . I 'd really recommend finding a sample first to see if it 's the sort of thing you 'd like to wear .
 It would be cheaper to buy baby oil and put that on your skin for about the same smell that this cologne gives .
 im not satisfy with this cologne , , wish i could send it back ... not satisfy with this product not not satisfy for real
 I bought this after reading all the positive feedback . When I got it and put a little on I almost threw up it stunk so bad . I do n't know what was in my bottle but whatever it was I sure do not want anymore of it . Whatever it was stunk me up my shirt up my hand up and I tried to wash it off over and over again but the funk would not leave me alone . Have you ever been to the zoo and stood close to the monkey cage and you start to smell that funky musty pissy smell . Well it kind of smelled like that but worse . I think someone sold me monkey piss with a hint of monkey ass cheese . Sorry Pi By Givenchy For Men but I want to attract the laidies not a female orangutan . Bye bye monkey piss . Nothing against Pi Givenchy For Men I 'm sure it is a good product but I feel I was ripped off and sold a fake product .
 This product was sold & shipped by Amazon . Bottle box was tampered including barcode . EDT has no smell at all . I have taken few picutres of the box before ditching the entire bottle . Not even worth as a car air freshner . I will upload some of the images .
 Save yourself the disappointment and head to the mall or nearest department store in order to purchase the real deal . I 've bought this product many times before in person from upscale retailers . As such , I 'm very aware of what the real deal smells like . I was so happy when I received this product , only to be disappointed and upset by what I got . The product was not the real deal and smelled nothing like what the authentic Pi fragrance smells like . A few days later I went to the upscale dept store I normally go to and just repurchased the real stuff . There is no confusing the smell of the real deal , which lasts and smells luscious , compared to this fake pine-sol smelling 3rd world nonsense that you will get when you buy it online from an unknown source . STAY AWAY !!!
 i have to spray like 3 to four times a day of this to feel it , the smell goes away after an 30 mins . . im so mad and you cann ' t return it so it sucks i should of went to the mall but guess im to lazy should of read the comments also 02/19/2012 .
 Reason for my dislike is because it smudges so easy . By the end of the day your eyes look like you 've rubbed them while having all this eyeliner on.Also the eyeliner does not go on so smoothly you have to keep pressing and going over the line .
 The pencil does not glide on like it should . Do you need a special sharpener ? Would not buy again . Waste of money
 Reason for my dislike is because it smudges so easy . By the end of the day your eyes look like you 've rubbed them while having all this eyeliner on.Also the eyeliner does not go on so smoothly you have to keep pressing and going over the line .
 The pencil does not glide on like it should . Do you need a special sharpener ? Would not buy again . Waste of money
 If you want a natural nail tint , that looks like color of the real nail bed , this is the shade for you . It is not as pink as the photo ; it 's more cream . Really sheer , just perfect for a french manicure . Not for me though , I like my colors more saturated , even with a Fnch.ManiFollow up April 30 , 2011
 this color is way too light and to get the white-ish color you have to have 3 coats . The seller is the BESTS -LRB- not the first time I order from them -RRB- but THIS particularly nail polish is not great ... I 'll just stay with Opi < 3
 Ask plenty of questions about product and merchandise as these items appear new in picture , but merchandise clearly been used or were tester products .
 Sea Breeze has been my favorite Essie color , and since it such an old color , most stores no longer carry it . So when I discovered it listed with this seller on Amazon , I was pleased . Unfortunately , the polish that I received was nothing like the original Sea Breeze that I have so enjoyed . I 've simply tossed it rather than go to the trouble of returning it . I DO NOT recommend this product as offered by this seller !!!
 even brighter in person than in pic and once on . maybe at my darkest in the summer i would wear this . almost neon .
 It 's a really nice color if you apply one coat , but we all know with colors like these you have to apply at least 2 , but once you apply the 2nd coat the color changes . Also after a week I removed the nail polish and it stained my nails . Do n't recommend .
 I bought this based on the reviews . VERY unimpressed . I touch up chips twice a day ! I usually use OPI , which will last two weeks with minimal maintenance . This did n't make it 3 days . The colors are pretty , but even Sally Hanson outlasts Essie , and at a third the price . My first bottle will be my last bottle .
 I really have no idea what the fascination is with this brand . I 've tried so many shades hoping that maybe the last was a fluke . But , this brand is awful IMO . It 's difficult to apply , applies streaky , and chips so easily . I much prefer OPI .
 This nail polish is a good one . But I was expecting more of it . First of all , I say it is very expensive so I thought it would be a great quality , I wanted it for french nails . but for my suprise it came to my house with a thick consistency . I do n't know if all essey nail polish are like this , but this was my first essey nail polish and all I can say is that I prefer buying the inexpensive revlon I have always buyed .
 I 'm not sure if this stuff works or not , do n't think I ever will , because it makes my fingers feel as if they 've been dipped in acid
 I bought this product a year and half ago and was using it once a week for about 6 months and did n't see any results . I was disappointed mostly b/c I payed around $ 85 for it . I 'm African American with thin , soft hair . I wanted to state this b/c maybe this works better with other hair but did n't do anything to mine .
 I just finished week 11 of these and I 've noticed absolutely no difference in my hair . Perhaps it works for some people , it did n't for me at all .
 I used this product as described . So far more than half of box of it is gone , no positive results at all .
 This product did not work for me . I saw no difference in my hair after using the entire package . I liked the delivery system ; it was easy to use .
 I would not buy bar soaps anymore after this mess but overall worked well for a while . It is harsh so I would not use it more then 1-2 times a week . Other products in AL are way better !!!
 At the end of an 8 hour day , i end up with a line of color next to my eyeliner , i was really hoping that this product would stay put !!!
 I have used this product for many years but it has been at least a few years since I have purchased it new , as it lasts a LONG time and I bought several at once the last time . The product has changed and is inferior to what it used to be , or else just this lot is defective . It is very hard to apply , almost like it 's rolling off the lips instead of onTO them -- almost like there is a coating of wax preventing it from being absorbed or something ; it does not seem to help to sharpen with a pencil sharpener either . . It also makes little chips of pencil color that break off on the lips and are impossible to blend in . I do n't know what they added or removed , but it is most unfortunate .
 i received my prestige lip pencil few days ago and i was inlove with the color so i deceided to try it on that very day.the pencil is so hard like a stone.my lips hurts so bad and i wont buy again
 THIS HAS THE SCENT OF GLOW BUT ITS NOT VERY MOISTURIZING . ITS WATERED DOWN TOTALLY . THIS SHOULD BE $ 2 . SORRY JLO BUT THE LOTION SHOULD BE THICK WITH SOME KIND OF BUTTER AT LEAST SHEA BUTTER . YES I DO LIKE GLOW BUT THIS NEEDS SOME WORK !
 I bought Z. Bigatti Re-Storation Eye Return cream last August -LRB- 2008 -RRB- . I used it for three months . Nothing had changed so far , fine lines and wrinkles around my eyes have not improved a bit . Sure , the eye cream feels very creamy and smooth when put it on , but it really did n't do nothing as far as what it said it would do . Waste my money on this do nothing cream . Fool me once but not twice .
 This product had a water texture and it is hands down one of the worst mositurizers I have ever come across . Please do not waste your money .
 I usually really love Loreal products , but I 'm not impressed with this moisturizer at all . After reading all of the great reviews , I was expecting a nice thick , soft moisturizer , but when I opened the bottle to try it out , I realized it was very thin and watery . I put it on anyway and it did absolutely nothing for my skin . I wo n't be using it again .
 I used to love Curious . I asked for it for my birthday and my boyfriend bought me the large bottle with the atomizer and the lotion . However , a few months after I got it , it started to smell funny ... over time the atomizer became very hard and had a sticky film all over it . When I opened the bottle I gaged at the stench . I poured it down the sink and it was yellow . I do not recommend buying this product and if you must have this scent please do n't buy it with the atomizer . The lotion still smells good .
 Like many others , my perfume turned yellow as well . I think it only happens with the atomizer . Perhaps exposure to air SOURED the perfume . I am throwing it away as soon as possible because it no longer smells good . The product was bought for me as a gift and it came in a huge set . I am disappointed and sad that my friend spent about 60 dollars for a cheap product with a short shelf-life . I am never buying perfume from Britney Spears . Obviously the makers of the perfume did not perform enough quality control tests before releasing the perfume .
 SOO disappointed . Had this on my wish list for Xmas and received it . Was SO excited as I 'd run out of this perfume -LRB- which I 've used for years -RRB- a few months ago and was excited to have it again . . Excitedly pulled it out of box and spritzed on . . UGH ! no no no . . this was NOT my beloved Curious . Maybe it USED to be , but what it was now smelled VERY old and rancid like it 's been onthe shelf for years . Think some perfume you found in your grandmas attic from 40 years ago . . just BAD . My only guess is that this is very old stock . I contacted Amazon and within 15 minutes i 'd received a credit in my account ! SO THANK YOU FOR THAT . But I have to give 1 star for the product .
 I bought two Britney Spears perfumes , and they arrived almost empty the sealed was bad all the perfume was outside the bottle and I 'm really upset with this product because for the manufacturing error i lost my money .
 The wrong perfume was packaged and shipped . Paperwork was all correct though . The kicker is that perfume is classified as hazardous materials , so I could not ship it back . After a few headaches , I was able to reach a real person and a credit was issued . Good for Amazon for stepping up .
 This has a very ... `` fleshy '' smell that I do n't particularly like . Waaaaaaaay too heavy on the musk for me . I 'd describe it as a sweaty , or oily smell . I think I 'd recommend it as a summer scent though .
 This has got to be the single most nasty perfume on the market . Worse than Red Door . Worse than Shalimar . Worse than White Shoulders . Worse than Designer Imposters.This perfume smells like it 's bottle aroma from grandmas 50 year old wedding bouquet rotton and dry in the attic . I do n't get many florals out of this , or fruit , or anything that is even remotely sexy . I belive that to cover yourself in mothballs would be a better way to get people to ask you what you 're wearing . At least that smell is unmistakable . With this fragrance , people will think you just stink .
 The smell is not really what I perceived in the perfume of my country . it really is not . I do not like at all .
 The product just isnt that great . Same cleanser as any other I have bought at the local grocery store . I have however had luck with the Cetaphil products and highly recommend them for sensitive skin . Dont waste your money on this one !
 I 've been using Deva Curl faithfully for almost a year but I 've been purchasing it at a local shop . Having now found it on Amazon for around 40 % less , I purchased it and I am so disappointed . It is NOT the real Deva Curl . My hair color is now fading quickly , unlike when I purchased it locally . My hair dresser noticed immediately that my color is n't lasting like it had been . I do n't feel like it 's working at all any more . I am so disappointed that I got such low quality knock off merchandise over Amazon .
 I noticed some folks are talking about Low-Poo too . Yes , No Poo is not for oily hair . The Curly Girl book tells us that too . Use Low-Poo . The stylist washed my hair w/No Poo today even tho I told her it would be too heavy and sure enough , way too heavy . PI do n't like the way it feels -- like conditioner needing to be rinsed out . Sshe also used Angel and some other leave in thing . Too much on the goopy side , and too much fragrance for me . plus I do n't like the smell of the products . I prefer fragrance free . I personally do n't mind my frizzy curls . I like hair that does n't look wet , and curls that do n't look man-made . I have Boticelli plus wavy curls , plus oily . I get compliments on my hair all the time , when I do n't use product in it , and when I do n't use Deva Curl . I love the cutting method , not the products .
 I have been using DevaCurl products for about two years with success and satisfaction . I recently purchased a new 32 oz No Poo to replace my almost empty bottle . Within a couple weeks , my head was itching like crazy and I was scratching and finding residue all over my scalp ! I had heard that the formula changed back around 2009 , and it made me wonder if that happened again.Sure enough , I just compared the two bottles , and the formula has changed ! Among other differences , the newer bottle had the betaine ingredient -LRB- the `` cleansing '' part -RRB- much lower on the list , which I 'm guessing caused the buildup . If you are a repeat customer , I encourage you to compare the ingredients . If you need more info , comment here and I will copy down the two different ingredients list .
 Purchased a 4 oz travel size Deva Curl No Poo to give it a try . It was fantastic ! My hair became soft as silk , shiny , the color did not fade and I could go 2 days between washings . Every day was a good hair day . So I gladly invested and purchased a 32 oz bottle having found my new and favorite hair product of all time . UNTIL 3 weeks later . My hair is now sticky , gunky , limp , not shiny and weighed down . WHAT IS GOING ON ? How do I get my beautiful hair back ? Can any one shed some light on this ?
 The product works ok , it is the strong , way too strong , smell of the Rose that is unbearable . It clingsto your hair all day . This is not an essential oil Turkish Rose , it is a chemically based perfume . Thisnegates any benefits one gets from not using shampoo . They ought to make it in a neutral scent .
 Too harsh for my hair ! I bought this to try when I first started the curly girl method . I do n't really like it , because it always leaves my hair feeling dry and coarse . I much prefer aloe or a lightweight conditioner for scalp cleansing .
 Switched from DevaCare Low - Poo -LRB- orange colored one -RRB- to this and it was definatley a mistake !! It took me awhile to figure out it was giving me dandruff which I have never ever had before !! Beside it smells awful and feels like its harsh even though its not suppossed to be .
 I have been using the DevaCurl No-Poo , One Condition , and AnGEL for about two weeks and my hair is now drier , coarser , frizzier , and more disgusting than it has ever been in my ENTIRE life !!! I do n't know how these products got such great reviews . Maybe the bottles I purchased are FAKE as some other reviewers have said . All I know is that my hair looks awful and these products are terrible . I would give these products 0 stars if I could . Do n't waste your money on this stuff !!!
 This stuff is the worst smelling product I have ever used on my hair . Totally disappointing . I thought it would smell ok considering that the styling cream smells wonderful . Needless to say I will be returning this .
 Sure my hair looks better , but the rose scent is so strong , it woke me up at 3am ! What 's the point of the strong scent Deva ? Are you trying to cover something up ?
 I purchased this shampoo after being recommended the `` No-Poo '' at a Beauty First salon and also purchased the conditioner to match it . This is NOT for naturally oily hair ! My hair is naturally wavy/curly , very thick and shiny . It 's fairly fine , not coarse whatsoever and frizzy depending on the weather . I purchased DevaCurl hoping it would help my hair keep some of its moisture during the winter . . it is awful ! I have been using it for three weeks and my hair looks dirty after every wash -LRB- and i 've been using DevaCurl almost everyday -RRB- . I used to use regular shampoo/conditioner and only had to wash my hair 3-4 times a week . With this product , my hair looks filthy after every shower ! I 'm not a complainer , in fact I love trying new products , which is why I purchased this . However , this is NOT for naturally oily hair ! I do not recommend this and will not purchase it again . Using `` Low-Poo '' may have been a better choice but I will not spend the money on it again .
 I bought this after a suggestion from a hair stylist . I hated it . Made my hair feel dirty and sticky . I threw it out and never went back to that stylist .
 I read the reviews and throught for sure that this brush would work on my course textured hair , but I just can not get a good thorough brush stroke through my hair with it . Would not buy it again .
 Never received this item , so I ca n't review it . I have used it in the past and I also have ordered and received from Amazon . Just never received it .
 This product is unfortunately a cheap -LRB- ? -RRB- imitation . Not that cheap actually . I have use Pi for a few years and got very suspicious when I first try this product . I finally compared it with the real stuff from a Department Store ... I 'd give no more than a F minus to this knock off.Don ' t buy !
 even brighter in person than in pic and once on . maybe at my darkest in the summer i would wear this . almost neon .
 this color is way too light and to get the white-ish color you have to have 3 coats . The seller is the BESTS -LRB- not the first time I order from them -RRB- but THIS particularly nail polish is not great ... I 'll just stay with Opi < 3
 If you want a natural nail tint , that looks like color of the real nail bed , this is the shade for you . It is not as pink as the photo ; it 's more cream . Really sheer , just perfect for a french manicure . Not for me though , I like my colors more saturated , even with a Fnch.ManiFollow up April 30 , 2011
 It 's a really nice color if you apply one coat , but we all know with colors like these you have to apply at least 2 , but once you apply the 2nd coat the color changes . Also after a week I removed the nail polish and it stained my nails . Do n't recommend .
 I bought this based on the reviews . VERY unimpressed . I touch up chips twice a day ! I usually use OPI , which will last two weeks with minimal maintenance . This did n't make it 3 days . The colors are pretty , but even Sally Hanson outlasts Essie , and at a third the price . My first bottle will be my last bottle .
 I really have no idea what the fascination is with this brand . I 've tried so many shades hoping that maybe the last was a fluke . But , this brand is awful IMO . It 's difficult to apply , applies streaky , and chips so easily . I much prefer OPI .
 This nail polish is a good one . But I was expecting more of it . First of all , I say it is very expensive so I thought it would be a great quality , I wanted it for french nails . but for my suprise it came to my house with a thick consistency . I do n't know if all essey nail polish are like this , but this was my first essey nail polish and all I can say is that I prefer buying the inexpensive revlon I have always buyed .
 Sea Breeze has been my favorite Essie color , and since it such an old color , most stores no longer carry it . So when I discovered it listed with this seller on Amazon , I was pleased . Unfortunately , the polish that I received was nothing like the original Sea Breeze that I have so enjoyed . I 've simply tossed it rather than go to the trouble of returning it . I DO NOT recommend this product as offered by this seller !!!
 Ask plenty of questions about product and merchandise as these items appear new in picture , but merchandise clearly been used or were tester products .
 This product will make your hair very greasy and is not humidity resistant at all . I have straight hair and when I used this product and stayed outside for awhile , my hair was flipped up in all different directions . Definitely not worth the price .
 It smells way more like citronella . I have other bath products with Melissa and they do n't smell like this . Uck
 Cute . They show a picture with a 6.8 oz bottle , but ship a 3.4 oz bottle . Does anyone at Amazon check this stuf ???
 The company did a great job sending it to me on time , BUT the scent is WAY watered down , and I get the notion Kingdom is discontinued , and the remaining stock is just sitting around in a warehouse and literally fading away . I should have known the slashed prices and the fact Kingdom is impossible to find in retail stores was a bad sign.When I sprayed it on the first time I knew immediately the actual scent part was almost gone and the only thing left was the alcohol suspension.It 's a shame because I adored this perfume.For a second I thought it was counterfeit , but it smelled too weak to be a fake , which would have at least made an effort to try to smell like the full strength real version.I am very , very disappointed , obviously all that 's left of Kingdom is limited stock , way past its expiration date , and they 're just trying to get rid of it .
 Considering all the good reviews I was extremely disappointed in this product . It 's one of the cheapest quality nail polishes I 've ever used , chipping within hours of being put on -LRB- while I slept no less ! -RRB- & lasting no more than 3 days total . By that time it was chipped halfway down each nail & looking like a 2 week old manicure . I 'm pretty careful about my hands , wearing gloves while I do dishes etc. but that made no difference , it seemed every time I moved a new piece came off.Nars is * supposed * to be a high-end product , commanding top dollar for their cosmetics . This is the 3rd product I 've used & the 3rd time I 've been disappointed . I highly recommend you skip them entirely & take yourself to a MAC store ! MAC 's cosmetics last 3 times as long , contain higher pigments & are of much better quality for far less money . I was taken in by the hype , I should 've stuck by the brand I trust.Not impressed , Nars .
 This review is for NARS ' Orgasm color , which I bought on Amazon . Although the quality of the NARS product line seems to be fine -LRB- it uses safer ingredients than your average nail polish , some colors appear to be nice -RRB- , I did n't not have such luck with Orgasm . When I reviewed the color sample online I had expected it to be a slightly pinker version of normal fingernail colors . However , when I received it , it was sparklier than it appeared to be in the picture , and there was also an ugly sheen to it , which only reminded me of bacteria and mold.I do n't know about you , but I do n't want unexpected yellow coloring on my nails , much less have it coming from something called Orgasm . Unfortunately I can not return it on Amazon , so this nail polish will gather dust in the back of my medicine cabinet .
 I had seen this color mentioned in several magazines so I ordered it . But in the pictures it seemed more pink but the actual color is more orangy which I did n't like as well .
 Received as a gift in a set of products . I used last night for 1st time and today awoke to itchy red angry bumps and swelling around my eyes and mouth -LRB- where it had been applied -RRB- . Wo n't be using again .
 I thought I would try this product because I love the scent of the lavender vanilla body wash I use on my son at bath time . I was disappointed in this product because the vanilla scent seems to be the predominant one , creating a sickly sweet smell on my skin , which ends up giving me a headache .
 I am in constant search of the ultimate portable makeup kit that fits in my purse , contains high-quality products , produces long lasting results , versatile color choices , and has all items included
 i cant get this stuff out of my hair ... . i washed my hair 4 times and then went to the salon , the girl there washed it 3 times and still my roots are stuck together ... . not to mention my curls were rock hard : -LRB-
 I would hate to see what a regular or stiff mousse would be , this is hardly light . Hair is left very stiff . Has to be washed out . Hoping for a little help with holding soft curls but curls felt like toothpicks . Do n't waste your money if your are truly wanting something lightweight .
 I have been searching for the perfect mousse for my curly hair for years . The first few days I used this mousse I thought I had found it ; it was lightweight and my curls looked fantastic without frizz . After day four I realized that there was quite a lot of residue build up , so the next day I washed my hair twice , but to no avail . I still have n't been able to get it all out and I 've been washing my hair at least 2 times for the last 3-4 days .
 I can not get this stuff out of my hair . I accidentally bought the light version instead of the intended strong .
 Useless , no results , gave it away . I was not expecting a miracle but at least when I styled my hair some positive results . My hair still look the same , frizzy , would not take a style and I did not see an ounce of repair .
 I bought these based on reviews here and elsewhere . I do n't like the scent . Its a personal thing so that 's why the one star for the most part.Otherwise if you LIKE the scent -LRB- kinda smells old mannish -RRB- then fine ... but still consider the shipping fee !!!!
 looking to smell cheap ? then buy this productBod Man Black 8 oz Body Spray
 This product is dangerous . The first two ingredients are SD Alchohol 40 and isobutane . It also has Propane in it . My 10 yr old daughter received it from a friend for a birthday present along with some other cosmetics . She had a severe allergic reaction to it . She broke out in severe hives and could not sleep . I gave her benadryl that night to calm the hives . Days later she had an Anaphylaxis attack . She broke out in hives again and her temperature shot up to 104 degrees . This product should be outlawed ! Propane ? Really ?
 The stuff itself is alright but the sticks are disappointingly small , before yoy have rubbed your legs with it takes some time and I wanted them as a time saver .
 The stuff itself is alright but the sticks are disappointingly small , before yoy have rubbed your legs with it takes some time and I wanted them as a time saver .
 It 's too rough and does n't produce foam like other pairs of exfoliating shower gloves do . Additionally , the color shown is not the color I received . I reported this to the seller with no response . The color I got was a feminine sea-green .
 I have an old Tekna Micro knife that is no longer available that I have been using to clean under my nails . I thought that something designed specifically for cleaning under nails might do a better job . It does n't .
 I expected the curette nail cleaner cups to have thinner and sharper edges so they would easily clean between the nail and skin on the side of the toe . So I am not overly impressed with the product .
 I 've ordered patches instead of the gel by mistake and my first thought it was for good . No it was not - the patches just do n't stick to the skin though i 've put them right after the shower . I even put a pair of tight shorts to keep them on . But still , they keep rolling up and do n't sit on the skin.Another thing i really do n't like - the area the patch can cover is pretty tiny . i 'm size 3-4 , and i do n't have that many areas i need to cover but in order to cover them all on by legs and butt i need at least 8-10 patches to cover everything at the same time -LRB- i 've put just 2 at the time though -RRB- . I ca n't even imagine how many of them a larger woman would need.The gel is great though . So , if you are considering the product , my advise - go for the gel . I 'm so disappointed with the patches , that i 'm ready to loose money and send them back , they do n't worth trying .
 It 's ok but do n't smell like Aqua Di Gio at all but lasts much longer . More like coast soap if you know what that smells like . Just a little cheap smelling . You get what you pay for .
 I am on a mission to take better care of my skin and starting a peel routine was something I thought would be nice for me . This product has good reviews so I thought I would give it a try . What I was looking for was something that would help with the mild breakouts , even out my skin tone , and just create a healthier appearance . Although the product does n't advertise that it would help you with acne , it does say it will even out skin tone and give you that glow . Based on what I read from the reviews from here , I did the peel three days in a row and I even tried it on my neck too.The first thing you do is break open a capsule with powder in it and pour it in this plastic cup that comes with the kit . Then you pour warm water in the cup about way and let it sit for a minute . After a minute , the product forms a gel that you rub on your skin . The next step would be to use this cream and rub it on your face , which creates a foam . The foam tingles at first , which I thought was nice because it meant that it was working . My first impression of the product was that it was messy to use as the gel would drip and get on the counter or run down my face . The last step was to take this little stick and wipe the foam off your face like you are shaving . This is to help with the exfoliating process , and I noticed my skin looked good right afterward , but the next day , my skin looked terrible.I did this for three days in a row and I waited for about a week before I decided to write this review giving the product time to make a difference . The only difference I saw was that my skin was very blotchy and more breakouts than normal appeared , even on my neck , which never happens . I am giving this product one star because it simply did n't work for me and made my skin worse . Not sure which one I will try next , but I definitely will not use it again .
 It did not work for me . I think that the product could have had better instructions . Also the packaging was not as it looked . .
 I rarely write reviews , but this time I felt I needed to so others do n't make the same mistake I did . This product did nothing for me . I do n't mind spending money on something that works , but this is n't worth $ 2 or the time it takes to use it . I left it on 5 times as long as recommended , and still nothing . No sensation what so ever , and no difference in my skin . I tried it 6 times over the past few months ! I do have to wonder if some of the reviews were sales people or really suggestable people . Waste of time and money !
 i think this product would be great , but was n't able to use it becasue the description of it on this website and on phiolosphy 's website does ' t give you one tiny bit of information . the very last step , the very last sentence says that you should n't use this product if you are prone to breakouts because this will cause a severe breakout . the reason i bought this was to clear up my face , so it would have been nice to know this before i am about to apply it to my skin .
 Bring It For Men 2oz Fragrance Spray CologneBring it ... . ill recomend to skip this one . it smell like soap . i give it no star but i have to pick at least one
 From the moment I rinsed out Nature 's Therapy conditioning creme , I could tell something felt off . My wet hair felt dry rather than the silky smooth texture you hope for after an intensive conditioner . After I blew my hair out , it was confirmed - my hair was dry and felt like straw . I also tested out the Nature 's Therapy shampoo . I highlight my hair and there is a fine balance between under-moisturizing and over-moisturizing . If this sounds like your hair , skip this product and go straight to the L'Oreal Professional line . It 's been the most consistently amazing for my hair and strikes the perfect balance for locking in moisture and silkiness . I usually use L'Oreal Professional Intense masque as a conditioner but I had trouble tracking it down and thought I would try something new . Nature 's Therapy was recommended to me as a lower-cost alternative offering similar results . Unfortunately , both the Nature 's Therapy shampoo and conditioning creme ended up in the garbage . I 'd recommend investing in the L'Oreal Professional Intense line rather than taking a gamble with this product .
 I love this product and regularly buy it , but this must be a defective jar ... it does n't smell the same or work as well .
 Weighs down my fine hair and left it staticky ... would not recommend . Suggest trying something that costs a little bit more since this is inexpensive you are getting what you pay for
 I bought this product because of the numerous 5 star reviews and I expected miracle after using it . Unfortunately I could see no effect . Very disapointed
 i had high espectations on this product since there are so many good reviews . well i would think this works great if it names itself conditioner because that is what it is . smooth your hair but I havent noticed any improvement in hair texture . but still better than those super expensive bs products tho
 I bought this product based on the positive customer reviews . I have curly , dry and unruly hair . When I opened the container , I was horrified by the nasty chemical aroma . It did nothing to improve my hair , and it slicks the tub so badly that I almost lost my footing . I contacted L'Oreal about a month ago and was sent a canned response asking for more information . No one ever responded to my list of concerns .
 I strongly encourage anybody from buying from this seller . My item arrived broken and I did NOT get my full refund back . I would NEVER buy from this place again . You can find more reviews on the internet.Please look into them before purchasing from Discount Jungle .
 This stuff smells exactly like Mr. Clean floor cleaner , I even compared them side by side . It is watery with almost no lather . My hair does n't feel clean at all and it has no cool sensation like tea tree mint should have .
 1 . M not sure its good enough to use 2009 product in 20122 . shampoo caps were open , full on leaked inside3 . 1 Star is for delivery .
 I always get suckered in by these organic products . I bought both the shampoo and the conditioner and this is a review for both being used together . This is one of the worst shampoos/conditioners I have ever used , here is why : First of all , it does n't make your scalp all tingly like mint shampoos usually do.Secondly -LRB- I did n't prioritize this list -RRB- it makes me break out along my hairline . My skin is a bit on the sensitive side but not ridiculously so . It is definitely not dermatologist approved or tested.Further more and most importantly , it gives my hair an oily shine not a clean one and dries it out more than any other shampoo I have ever used . It seems like the shampoo dries your hair out too much and then the conditioner coats it with some sort of natural oily substance that makes you look like you have n't showered.I am throwing out the other half of my bottles and going back to the harsh chemicals that have kept my hair healthy , clean and looking great .
 My hair is oily , and sometimes I have acne on my scalp . I thought the tea tree and mint is nice for me , but it makes my scalp more and more itch ... so I have to throw it ...
 I bought this shampoo so it could help me with Scalp Psoriasis because ive used tree oil in my hair to help with the psoriasis and it does work . This shapoo just dried my scalp even more and it flacked a lot . The tea tree oil shampoo did come on time . i would buy this shampoo again .
 I did n't receive the real Poison perfume . My bottle shape is a bit different , it looks similiar to the picture , but is a different bottle . The front does not say `` Christian Dior '' , it just says `` Dior '' . The smell is very peppery , not even close to the original sweet fragrant scent . I 'd never buy from that company again . I was n't smart enough to keep all the paperwork and return the stuff , I was so excited to receive it , I just pitched box , receipts and all , unfortunately into a dumpster that was emptied right afterward . So I am stuck with this foul smelling bottle of liquid .
 Just beware - if you have dyed dark hair it WILL strip the color out - I use -LRB- d -RRB- it for my front fly away hairs and its ORANGE now . My hair was dyed two weeks ago and now needs to be redone .
 I bought this because I used some over the holidays that belonged to my sister . Even though this was described exactly like her 's , the consistency is too thick and sticky . Would return it if I could .
 I used to drive past a candle factory to and from work . I do n't know how the people who worked there dealt with the strong , perfumy smell because just driving past the factory on certain days gave me a headache . OSIS Thrill smells almost exactly like that factory , and it 's just as overwhelming . The only time I used it , I wondered if it would weigh my hair down , so I tried a VERY SMALL amount . I smelled like a cheap candle until I washed my hair over 24 hours later . I did n't see any styling benefits , but I assume it 's because I did n't use enough . Or maybe the smell blinded me to the styling power of the product . Or maybe it killed off so many brain cells I was n't capable of noticing any improvement.I 'm a HUGE fan of other OSIS products -LRB- Schwarzkopf Osis Dust It 10 gmcomes to mind -RRB- , so I 'll stick with them . This one was donated to a deserving friend . I hope she forgives me .
 I was big fan of Schwarzkopf for a few years now but I have n't used it for a while . I decided to buy this one cause it was priced a few bucks cheaper than what I remembered . Anyway , the stuff is not what I remembered . It now comes in light red color , smells different , and worst of all , has a very weak hold.If you have unruly hair that needs a strong-hold product to keep in place , this is not the product for you .
 I ordered what was pictured . Instead I received a product with the same name but different quality product that . What turned me off most and why I returned it was the change in scent .
 The picture is not the product you receive - they need to update the product and description . The color of the actual hair product you receive is pink , not yellow , and has an entirely different scent and packaging than the original product pictured . It also seems to have slightly less hold than the stuff that came in the packaging in the picture . This picture / listing needs to be updated as it is inaccurate .
 Impressed with dr brandts pores no more and microderabrasion in a jar i decided to try his moisturizer . this moisturizer is not very effective for combo/oily skin like it says . its quite thick and sits heavy on the skin . i never saw an improvement in my pores and i believe it actually clogged them . it is not good as a daily moisturizer ... however i do use the product after microdermabrasion because it is hydrating after heavy exfolation .
 I purchased this the Elemis 6.8 oz gel because I believe its the best shaving product I have ever tried . Unfortunately I received a smaller size and when I complained the company said that the sent the smaller one because they ran out of the big one . It was totally unacceptable .
 The gel works well and the cooling effect numbs your skin so shaving is less irritating . However , the compressed can has gone bad on me and the Elemis company will not replace an almost full can , nor will they of course refund my money.So beware ! Maybe the non compressed tube would be your best option . I wo n't do business with the Elemis company so I do n't know .
 ... lately the products have been hit or miss.I recently tried Sticky Toffee Pudding in the 4 oz room spray and it 's definitely become my favorite -- I ca n't get enough of it ! On the other hand , my mother loves the Waffle Cone and I ordered her 2 bottles from the Demeter website -LRB- $ 14 each , plus flat rate shipping -RRB- and they came smelling nothing like the waffle cone she loves . It almost smells rancid like whiskey . There 's no problem with exchanges -- that 's what their website says anyway . I do n't know if it 's the room spray version that is bad or if they reformulated , but I 'm going to send it back and pay the extra for the cologne version.As for other scents I 've tried : Sugar Cookie - Very very sweet . A little too sweet for me.Brownie - An artificial chocolate smell , but not offensive . Does n't last very long.Graham Cracker - Hard to find the scent in the sea of alcohol in the product.Waffle - Very maple syrup-y . Strawberry Ice Cream - Very artificial owerpowering scent . Almost like a very concentrated strawberry Quik . -LRB- Strawberry milk powder brand . -RRB- Scottish Shortbread - There is some sort of oil in the mixture and when it arrived it was nearly frozen . I did n't care for this smell either . sort of an almond cookie smell but also masked by the alcohol smell.Mojito - Ick . My mom received this as a promo item somewhere and it smells like a hospital to me ! I 'm not sure which component of Mojito smell is doing that to it , but I 'd pass.There 's a Jelly Belly line scent that has something to do with blackberries . It was a pretty harsh scent . Not light and airy -- very contrived and strong . Over the top but not in a good way . Same goes for the Blueberry Muffin in the Jelly Belly line.Vanilla Cake Batter - Not very exciting . Very vanilla , not very cakey.I reviewed the Rubber and Mesquite scents on Amazon somewhere -- pass on those.Before you invest the money , go to the Demeter site and get the $ 51/2 oz splash version of the scent you like . Or just get the Sticky Toffee Pudding . ; -RRB-
 While the products are all as described , the service from Demeter Fragrance Library left much to be desired . I placed an order of 1 full sized cologne spray and two samples . My order came with a free sample which was delightful , except that one sample arrived completely shattered and the sample spray pump did not work . I contacted Demeter Fragrance Library immediately to report the issue and was advised that if I were to return the defective products they would be more than happy to exchange or replace them . I was told I would be refunded for the shipping cost for having to mail my damaged products back to them . This was not the case . While they sent me new products and refunded me for the one item I returned , I was not reimbursed shipping and it took me a week to get a hold of someone at the company who told me that they never reimburse shipping back unless you return the whole order . However , this was not what I was told the first time I called or I would have never sent it back . Now I 'm out more for the shipping than I would have been just for the broken perfume sample . The woman I spoke to basically told me that no one could have possibly told me that I would be refunded unless I shipped the whole order back to them because `` It 's never been that way so I do n't know how that could be possible . '' Way to make your customer feel great . I 'll never place an order with them again . Order from an external website if you must .
 Not much more to say than the title , but that 's exactly the case , i LOVE the lime scent , it is sharp and tangy , not far off from real lime by the way ! But maybe with a slightly margarita-tinge . yum , i love it . But the smell does n't last longer than a minute , even if i spray 10 sprays of it . :-LRB- . Total bummer .
 the hight note on this is great but what remains ... just think bathroom ... dont buy this one . I do enjoy a few of the other choices they have , , , , , , dont wasted your money on this
 I ordered this for my wife . I knew is was only 4 oz but it seemed even smaller . For the price it is not worth it . My wife liked the smell but the results were horrible . Would never purshase this again .
 I was very disappointed in this product . I paid for a premium fragrance to give us that real Christmas tree smell and got something that smells just like the cheap pine bathroom deodorizers of years ago .
 I purchased the Honeysuckle.The scent was pleasing , however , I can walk down a househld aislein the supermarket and pick upsomething for less then 1/2 the pricethat smells just as nice .
 I bought `` Thunderstorm '' and it is absolutely aweful ! Not a clean fresh storm like I expected but wet dirt and dust . Not at all what I want people smelling when they walk into my home . I was very disapointed ! If you 're into this sort of smell more power to you , but it 's not at all something I would ever buy again .
 I bought Mildew thinking it would smell sort of like damp towels that had been in the bathroom for a couple of days but was disappointed to find it smelled more like sports liniment . Will next try thunderstorm .
 I bought a bottle of Home Health Castor oil from my local health foods store about a month ago and it does n't expire for another TWO YEARS and I was very disappointed to find a large mold cloud forming in the bottom of the bottle -LRB- which is a clear bottle so it 's very easy to see -RRB- . I thought because it was cold pressed and the only ingredient is `` Ricinus Communis -LRB- Castor -RRB- Seed Oil '' that it could be stored at room temperature -LRB- I have n't read anywhere that it needed to be store in the fridge , no where on the product label either -RRB- . I 've always kept Olive oil and jojoba oil out of the fridge and they do fine . I guess I would recommend to others to try keeping it in the fridge . I and VERY DISAPPOINTED , MONEY WASTED .
 I get that they have the allotted time frame within to ship the product but I have never had to wait this long ! What exactly do they have to do to prep the item for shipment?I 'm impatient because I have Grave 's and seriously dry skin and ca n't wait to try this along with trying it for my hair that is falling out in droves . Get here already ... please!I 'm sure it 's a great product and I will either update or edit this review once I get it .
 NOT ANY DIFFERENT OR BETTER THAN DRUG STORE ONE FOR MUCH LESS MONEY.IN COMPARISON WITH LESS EXPENSIVE PRODUCT LIKE CLAIROL OR NEXIS .
 3 months after cologne was purchased spray nozzle stopped working . Contacted seller , Perfume Selection , and they were perfectly happy to not help as it had gone past their 30 day return policy . Looking at the bottle I can see that the mfctr made the tube too long and it has wedged itself into the bottom corner of bottle . The cap is permanently sealed so unable to follow sellers suggestion of removing it to dab cologne on . Did n't matter that it was purchased through Amazon .
 I ordered the 2 oz jar of this creme and received the 1.7 oz pump . I do not mind the pump but I do object to receiving 15 % less than what I payed for .
 Please do not use this deliciously-scented concoction on children , elders , or people with compromised immune systems ! I bought a lotion at a local health food store after the clerk recommended this as safe & chemical-free -LRB- I stated I was seeking a safe moisturizer for a friend coming out of ICU in hospital -RRB- . I was in a tizz & fell for the fab fragrance not realizing that along with &#34; essential oils &#34; this product also has &#34; fragrance oil &#34; which I know from research is linked to many health problems including lung disease , heart disease , and cancer.Ugh!This also has carbomer , potassium sorbate , and hydrolyzed jojoba esters . I 'd rather not have anyone take a chance that this toxic soup will be safe to use.Please be very careful with your &#34; organic &#34; body products as many contain known toxins.Good Luck !
 I ordered zum body frankincense & myrrh , I recieved zum soap , I 'm still waiting on my original order.have not recieved any word from amazon .
 I have been looking for a fragrance that smells like a peony for a while . I rarely send things back , but this was disappointing . Does not smell anything like a peony .
 This has a very harsh smell and does not smell at all like violets . I was very disappointed with this purchase and do not recommend it .
 I thought this would smell like a sweet olive flower , but instead it smells like licorice . Great smell if you love the candy .
 While the products are all as described , the service from Demeter Fragrance Library left much to be desired . I placed an order of 1 full sized cologne spray and two samples . My order came with a free sample which was delightful , except that one sample arrived completely shattered and the sample spray pump did not work . I contacted Demeter Fragrance Library immediately to report the issue and was advised that if I were to return the defective products they would be more than happy to exchange or replace them . I was told I would be refunded for the shipping cost for having to mail my damaged products back to them . This was not the case . While they sent me new products and refunded me for the one item I returned , I was not reimbursed shipping and it took me a week to get a hold of someone at the company who told me that they never reimburse shipping back unless you return the whole order . However , this was not what I was told the first time I called or I would have never sent it back . Now I 'm out more for the shipping than I would have been just for the broken perfume sample . The woman I spoke to basically told me that no one could have possibly told me that I would be refunded unless I shipped the whole order back to them because `` It 's never been that way so I do n't know how that could be possible . '' Way to make your customer feel great . I 'll never place an order with them again . Order from an external website if you must .
 amending review ... per EWG.org this product contains some nasty stuff , I have stopped using this product , sorry about the earlier review
 I love almost everything about this stuff . However , the exfoliant beads that feel like sand appear to be made from plastic , according to the ingredient list . No I feel like I am littering every time I wash my face . I 'll be looking for a new face cleaner . It 's too bad , because I liked this stuff so much .
 This oil had a terrible odor that smelled rancid . I had bought Argane Oil in Marrakesh , Morrocco and the smell is quite pleasent and light .
 I used this on my face and back for about 3 weeks for mild acne and did n't see any changes at all . I personally think the bar smells kind of bad also .
 If you 're buying this product because you think it 's chemical free - think again . It actually has more chemicals than other hair dyes found at your local store . Check out -LSB- ... -RSB- to see how safe the products you are using really are . It 's rated 8 out of a scale of 1 to 10 with 10 being the most hazardous !
 Before Herbatint , my hair was strawberry blonde w/gray . I bought 7N -LRB- light blonde -RRB- and used it for 20 minutes rather than the recommended 40 . It was at that point that the skin at my hairline started burning . When I looked in the mirror , my hair was a very deep brown . When I dried my hair , it was so dark . I spent the next week washing my hair with dishwashing liquid , different shampoos and even bought a semi-permanent light blonde to lighten my hair . Now , after two weeks of shampooing , my hair is looking more my natural color . I wo n't be buying this product again . If I could give it a rating of a minus star , I would .
 I bought this product for my mother in a nursing home . I 've spent $ 15 with shipping . First of all it was not light chestnut but dark brown . The worse thing that after two weeks her pillow case became dark brown . Apparently , color started getting out .
 I 've never been so upset by a hair product ! I have insanely slippery shiny hair that has * never * been rough , even when I used Herbal Essence to dye it for years ... It 's been a few years since I dyed it so I figured I would try a new brand since all of my hair is untreated now and I was n't worried about mixing brands ... I nearly had a heart attack in the shower when I realized that my hair now feels like plastic . I used the conditioner that came with it and even let it sit to soak in but it did n't help at all ! I used my own conditioner on top of it and combed it out and that seemed to help a tiny bit but it still feels like old barbie hair !!! My hair is getting snarls and tangles and breaking , this has never ever happened before , I am in complete shock at how horrible this product is . It did n't even make my hair black ! I have nearly black hair to begin with and just wanted to make it all uniform but this left the red/brown colors ! All it did was make my hair feel like straw and smell terrible
 I had previously recommended this product until I had a suffered a severe reaction to it . I applied it and my scalp started to burn . I washed it out immediately . Then , my scalp became incredibly itchy followed by what appeared to be fluid seeping like water from my scalp and the tops of my ears . When it stopped , large scabs formed on my scalp and ears and then they would flake off . This occurred over a week ago . I went to my dermatologist , who arranged from me to have a skin allergy diagnostic patch test called T.R.U.E Test . The result showed that I am highly allergic to p-Phenylenediamine or PPD . It 's a chemical compound used in nearly all hair dyes . Do n't be fooled by the title of this product , which gave me the false impression that it was all natural . Also , it was sold by a well-known natural health food store in NYC , which lead me to believe that the owner had vetted the product for chemicals . If you are as allergic as I am to PPD and you feel the need to dye your hair I would suggest that you use henna , which is a messy process and poorly adheres to grey hair , or simply go natural . I read that Chi hair products has just come out with a new hair dye that 's PPD-free this year . I can not endorse this new PPD-free product , because I have n't tried it yet.But if you want more information about it , read press release
 I never had allergic reaction before but my body seemed to change after 10 years of hair coloring . I was looking for an alternative and discovered this product . I thought it sounded perfect.Forty-eight hours after the hair coloring , my face swallowed to almost triple , looked like an alien and my eyes were almost closing up.Next morning , condition worsened , I took off from work and went to the hospital barely able to open my eyes but no other choice to go by myself . Even doctor asked me if I was able to see around . I got one week leave of absence.I ended up cutting my hair by myself -LRB- since I was not comfortable going to the hair salon -RRB- before it get worse . I missed long hair but knowing allergic reaction can cause death to some people , I wanted to make sure that I would be ok.Sad thing is , some grays started to appear after 4 days.I learned my lesson to take patch test no matter how safety is marketed .
 Color has no sheen , very , very dull and rubs off . . it is a powder and goes everywhere when you spray it onto your hair ! Looks terrible but okay if you want to use it for scalp but use just a little . Wash hair before bed otherwise it will get on everything ! I would not buy it again .
 I still ca n't figure out a practical use for this product . It rubs off on my pillow or washes off when wet . The rubbing off can be reduced by putting a coating of Aqua Net hair spray on your hair over it until it dries . I recommend people start by using a hair loss product like Rogaine or Ovation as directed until all gone so that your bald spot will be smaller , then start the Russell product . But covering your spot with a ink from a felt pen might not itch as much .
 This hair spray/thickener is really messy . It comes off any where you set & on the head rest . On pillows when you sleep . When you spray it on , the spray gets over everthing , The counter top etc. . I would not recommend it to anyone . It 's a waste of money !! In fact I 'd like a refund.DDD
 Had to return it ! A great price but not worth it . Curls did not stay , it does not get hot enough ! Too Bad cuz it looks cool !
 This is the worst curling iron I have ever owned . I think it is because of the tourmaline . It is a very slick curling iron.You know how most curling irons `` grab '' the hair ? This curling iron slips over the hair nicely ; it does n't pull . But it has the same problem that others have mentioned ; it does n't actually hold a curl.I have been using 1.5 '' curling irons for years , and have had no problems getting the curl that I want . This is the first time I have tried a tourmaline iron . That is the only difference between this and the other irons I have owned . Therefore , I am going to assume that is why this iron does n't hold a curl like the other irons , as mentioned in other reviews.Do you get a wave ? Yes . But do n't expect a curl like you get with other 1.5 '' irons . If you want a curl like you get with your other irons and are looking for a 1.5 '' replacement , do not get this iron . If you have longer hair and are looking for an iron that will give you a wave instead of a hard curl , and you want something that does n't grab your hair like a regular iron , this is a good iron for you .
 well i was soo excited to get my new curler and so i heated it up and tried it out . I got really pretty big curls and i went downstairs to show everybody ... and in the time it took to walk down the stairs , my hair was straight . Straight ! and my hair is naturally very wavy . I do not recommend this iron . By the way , i got the 1.5 '' hoping for big loose curls . It is a very pretty iron though .
 I read the previews before I purchased it and it seemed it would be the answer for getting mine and my daughters hair curled or at least a good wave . It does not do that though . It 's kind of useless .
 This curliong iron does not heat up enough to curl longer hair . I am returning it .
 I have had this curling iron for about 6 months and used it rather infrequently -LRB- bh100 bed head tigi -RRB- . When i went to use it yesterday , it had malfunctioned and heated up SO hot that it instantly burnt my hair right off . It melted some to the iron itself and the rest just fell out ! I have never had anything like this happen , and usually love all the bedhead products , I am so very disappointed and had to cut approx . 2 inches of the length of my hair to even the chunk burnt out ... so sad !!!! USE THIS PRODUCT CAUTIOUSLY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 This curling iron worked GREAT ... the first day only . I was almost done curling my hair using this curling iron for the first time and it just went out on me . It would not turn back on , but a few days later I decided to try it again and it turned on , but turned off 5 minutes later . This happened every single time I tried using it , so I just stopped using it . It is awful and I do n't know why a brand new curling iron would be doing this . Wish I could return it . I do not suggest buying this product from this buyer , Sorry .
 This curling iron is a little bulky to use and the tip is not long enough and it gets hot .
 I recently had to get rid of this curling iron . I bought it four years ago . The main problem with it was that it would burn my hair frequently even if it was on the lowest setting . There must have been something wrong with the heating element . Sometimes it would work fine and other times it would work really really badly . After four years it all of a sudden stopped working completely .
 I got the 13/4 -LRB- green one -RRB- curling iron at TJ Maxx . Normally , I stick to 3/4 '' or 1 '' because they give me beautiful curls that usually loosen into 11/2 curls by the end of the day.I tried this one thinking that it would be good for loose waves . I felt confident with this brand since its made by Helen of Troy -LRB- which is the same manufacturer as Hot Tool -RRB- . Well , this iron is NOTHING like a hot tools iron.This iron would not curl my hair . My mom thought I straighten my hair after using this iron . It produced a semi wave that looked like I had a pony tail elastic in my hair and it left a slight indentation . Keep in mind , that I had this iron at 400F when curling and I held it in my hair for 10 to 15 seconds . I tried several heat settings and held it in my hair for different periods of time . Still nothing.The clip on this iron is horrible too . It would not hold my hair , no matter what amount of hair I would try to clamp . It would slide right through or get caught in the spring area.Thus , this iron is going back to the store . I guess it would work on someone with easy-to-curl hair . I did not like this iron at all . However , I give it one star for the amusing indicator light . But , thats all the kudos it gets from me .
 horrible please do not buy ! huge size . looks like a vaccum . the picture is deceptive .
 UPDATE : I used it twice , and on the 3rd time I used the product . . it died on me ! The lights were still functioning but it is not heating up ! BAD BAD BAD ! 10May2010The metal was chipped off at some parts , perhaps due to long storage . However the curler was packaged very nicely . Do not let it come in contact with water , remember to wipe it dry after use to prevent rust !
 Revlon pink innocence eye shadow is nice for those who do n't want a deep dark brow color . I found it not dark enough for my taste thought . I bought this to accent maybelline 's expert eyewear nutmeg color eye shadow for my lids . It is good quality and Revlon DOES NOT test on animals so it was a perk that I buy it for that reason too .
 i bought this because i wanted my hair to have that cool wavy look.instead i paid $ 50 to get a hairstyle i could 've gotten by just braidingmy hair the night before.so i would n't recommend buying it .
 I bought this waving iron at Target and returned it right away . It was clunky , awkward to hold ... . messy to work with . I recommend the Infiniti Waver by Conair instead ! -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I thought it was going to make my hair curly but all it does is look like I crimped my hair .
 I have very fine hair so it should n't take much to install waves with a hot iron . The Bed Head waver heated up quickly and was very hot , but I still had to hold the waver in my hair for a while before the waves could set . The item features two setting
 I just bought this and I went straight home and tried it and I hate it . I do n't know what bed head is even thinking selling this piece of crap . It heated up very quickly but no matter what I did it would not put a good `` wave '' in my hair . I have naturally curly hair that I use a flat iron to straightin and I even had my hair completly straight and this waver did nothing . Please do n't bother to purchase this , you will only be disappointed . In the end it just looked like I had braided my hair and let it dry with a little more frizz than I normally would have . Do n't waste your money .
 This only gets ones star because you can not put a NO STAR review . I just wanted to put the word out and warn people that this product is AWFUL.I bought this item out of sheer curiosity . I wanted to try the waver for a beach look -LRB- the tiny wave function -RRB- or the Veronica Lake wave -LRB- deep wave function -RRB- . The item does allow you to choose your wave setting -LRB- tiny or deep -RRB- . It can heat up to 400 degrees in 30 seconds and it has a barrel lock mechanism and a `` fiber optic heat sensor '' . Which basically means that they 're trying to sucker you into thinking it 's technologically advanced whan all it means is that the higher the temperature , the greener the indicator , in case you ca n't see the numbers on the dial.As far as being a nano-ceramic/tourmaline hybrid , it was very damaging to my hair . I tried to wave my hair on lower settings and my fine , straight hair did n't even kink . I had to set it to the full 400 degrees AND go over it several times for it to make any impact on my hair and at that point it just frizzed it into a unmanagabley voluminous , but I can hardly say wavy , mess . The outcome made me look like a firzzed out version of a silent film star . Not beachy . Not like Veronica Lake . Frizz . Frizz . Frizz . Damaged FRIZZ . I looked like Christopher Llyod in Back to the Future and my boyfriend did not hestate to laugh when he told me so . I unfortunately had to agree with him.Bed Head must be renting their name out to anything because for something from such a reputable name , this is junk . It makes me hesitant to buy any of their styling tools . Some people might even have bought this for as much as $ 50 . Poor things . It 's a bunch of false bells and whistles to cover the fact that it 's a piece of junk.DON ' T FALL FOR THE RAZZLE DAZZLE !! DO NOT BUY ! SAVE YOUR MONEY AND HAIR YOUR HAIR AND STAY FAR FAR AWAY ! DO NOT BUY ... EVER !!!
 When it 's newly sprayed on , it does smell great and it 's sold really cheaply nowadays . It smells fabulous , strong but not too strong , and it 's good if you 're young and a trendy dresser . If it smelt like that consistently , it would be my favourite cologne.See , some perfumes spoil when they are exposed to sunlight or air . The problem with Colours is that it spoils that way , but it does it rather quickly , and it starts to smell repulsive . The smell can get rather strong and it gets embarrassing when you 're out for the whole day . It 's probably the only cologne you wish would fade away quickly.So , beware when you 're trying the tester out . Do n't buy this one immediately . Spray some on a tester card and wait . You 'll be happy you did n't take this stinker home .
 Granted this product allows your hair to stay in for a little longer -LRB- depending on the weight of the hair and how much -RRB- then usual hair glue products but , a big disadvantage is that it is a very sticky awful mess to clean up ! the bond remover is good to an extent where it makes the glue -LRB- which is LGB on BA for CFHE and B -RRB- all soggy , but does n't fully remove the glue . -LSB- Bath or shower required -RSB- also the remover makes your hair really greasy ! The glue 's hard to clean up and creates clumps of dried glue in your hair , and if you got it on your fingers it can remove skin when you try to peel it off . Warning
 The fragrance is very common , it does n't last and it does n't make an impression . Luckily , I ordered the 30ml bottle by mistake .
 I bought this blow dryer thinking it would make my hair shiny as all the tourmaline and ion infused products claim to but this didnt work at ALL ! my hair is huge , dry , thick , and my regular drug store blow dryer did much better than this piece of trash ! im sitting here with the results and very dissatisfied . I am crying as i type this because i was supposed to go on a date but I cant now due to this huge disgusting hair the blow dryer gave me . I am so upset . Anyway if you love to waste money , by all means . . buy it but instead buy the T3 or the revlon with tourmaline technology . my neighbor has the revlon and it works outstanding on my hair . This trash DOESNT
 I bought this hair dryer to replace my T3 Tourmaline that shorted out , so I will not compare this to my $ 200 hair dryer I had . I purchased this at Target for $ 40.00 not only for the price , but because of the Bed Head name.This is a very heavy hair dryer . Where they put the ion indicator switch is very bothersome . My finger always hits it and turns the negative ions off when drying hair . If it was n't for the blue light going off , I would never know that I accidentally turned it off . I have long thick hair and I do n't notice any difference at all with my hair being dried faster than if I was using a $ 20.00 hair dryer.Also , the hair dryer does shut itself off about 3 minutes into using it . This happens 90 % of the time when using it . There is a big tag on the cord stating if the hair dryer shuts itself off then unplug it and wait 5 minutes to cool and use again . I use a hair dryer to get my hair dried and fast . I do n't want to wait 5 minutes after I 've already started drying my hair to resume drying again.This hair dryer is going back to the store when my new T3 gets shipped .
 Pros :1 -RRB- Inexpensive2 -RRB- Short drying time3 -RRB- Futuristic lookCons :1 -RRB- There is a big tag on the cord that warns of this dryer shutting off , and that you need to leave it off for 5 minutes if this happens . TRUST ME , IT HAPPENS . About 10-15 min . into drying , it will shut off and trigger the circuit breaker . Unless I take a break to let the dryer cool when I am halfway through , I have to reset the circuit breaker and reprogram my alarm clock . It actually caused two light bulbs in my apartment to burn out yesterday .2 -RRB- The attachments that come with the dryer do not work well . The concentrator nozzle does not stay attached . As I am pressing the nozzle against my hair -LRB- with a brush underneath -RRB- I will knock the nozzle off at least 5 times per drying session . It will go flying across the room and it is extremely hot to pick up . The diffuser attachment is also piece of **** - it does n't work properly .3 -RRB- The ion button is poorly placed . As another reviewer noted , if it was n't for the blue light , I would have no idea that I accidentally turned off the negative ions . If you decide to purchase this dryer , I recommend leaving the ions on negative - your hair will just look poofy/frizzy with the other settings .4 -RRB- It is on the heavy side and an odd bulky shape - this makes it hard to maneuver , especially with a big round brush in your other hand.I 've put up with this dryer for over a year . I 've had enough and I 'm going to cough up the extra cash for a proper dryer - despite the recession and despite the fact that I just lost my job in the financial crisis . It will pay for itself by eliminating my blown out light bulb expense ...
 I hardly noticed any difference after using these towels . So tanning with them seems a waste a time . I will try again but not at all satisfied .
 I have tried this shampoo and conditioner on several different occasions throughout the years , hoping it would live up to how it is marketed . While it smells good and my hair does feel clean , I noticed absolutely no enhanced volume using these products . I gave it 2 stars because it at least cleaned my hair . I am skeptical about trying the real expensive stuff -LRB- Kerastase , Phyto -RRB- ; they either seem to work for some -LRB- are the reviews legit or by someone who works for the company ??? -RRB- or not at all and a sheer waste of $ $ $ . It would be nice if these manufacturers would offer a free sample to prove what they promote is actually true , since they claim results can be seen after one use . I guess I will be forever hunting for that `` magic '' volumizing shampoo that actually does what it should !
 I ordered a package of two 5 oz tubes of this suntan lotion , which I really like . It never occurred to me that they would both expire in 6 months at the end of this year . I may use one tube by that time , but not two . Anyway , beware of this situation , especially when it 's a twofer deal !
 This is hands down the worst shampoo i have ever used ... . a year ago , i had the thickest hair imaginable ... . now , i have a ton of thinning where i applied the shampoo with my hands and i have thinning and bald spots on the sides and back of my scalp ... . I have noticed that the ingredients of this shampoo have changed over time , which shows that Procter and Gamble know what 's going on . I have also heard of other people who have complained about Pantene products , and how they cause hair loss . Obviously , Procter and Gamble are completely incompetent .
 I bought this cologne because i love citrus scents . when i received the cologne i was excited and i put some on to see how it would smell on me . boy , was i shocked and disappointed . it smelled like lime scented soap , -LRB- to me at least -RRB- . i think this cologne is more suited for older men who are in their fifties and up , definitely not for someone in their twenties .
 I 'll preface this by saying that some guys obviously love this stuff , but here 's my perspective : I do n't wear cologne , and as far as `` smelling like a man '' goes I believe there are two general routes . Light-medium and spicy/stimulating , or extremely strong but more subtle/muted . This stuff is extremely strong and spicy/stimulating ; and I mean strong . When I first cracked the cap open on this thing I got a huge whiff of it within a second , and that was from a 1 ft away before I 'd even removed the cap . I later experimented by spreading a small drop over one of my fingers and seeing how long it lasted . Well it lasted forever and did n't die much . Could smell that tiny drop from 1 ft away easy . Now granted I apparently have a more sensitive nose then most , but this stuff smells stronger than most detergents . Ca n't imagine how strong it would be if I splashed this stuff all over my face -LRB- or body as the instructions suggest -RRB- . Would probably give me a headache.As for the scent itself , my first thought was `` old person '' , my second thought was `` overcompensating '' . `` Overcompensating old person '' is not the image I want to project .
 I thought this would be another version of the regular Pinaud aftershave . Instead , it 's a VERY different scent . It smells like orange wassle . I mean , exactly like orange wassle . Do n't know what orange wassle is ? Umm , it 's a hot Christmas drink made of oranges and cinnamon -LRB- and maybe some other stuff -RRB- . Soo , if you want to smell like a Christmas drink that nobody likes , this is the scent for you !!
 I have been using various bay rum products for years , and it does not smell like any bay rum that I have used . It has a very spicy smell , not bay rum . The product stings when you use it . I think that is due to the fact the first item on the ingredient list is alcohol . Lastly , this company never answered the two phone they provide , nor did they ever return my phone call when I left a message asking them to do so .
 I received an aftershave called Luxray with the main ingredient being rubbing alcohol and not rum . The fragrance is not long lasting . I will not purchase this item again .
 Ran out of Dominica and looking for a substitute , I bought this stuff . Wretched ! Bears the same relationship to real bay rum -LRB- rhum -RRB- as instant coffee does to brewed coffee - in other words , it 's smelly brown water .
 The scent of Clubman 's Bay Rum is rather weak . It does not smell bad but just does not have much of a scent . Now , I do realize it was not meant to be overpowering but I did expect it to have a stronger scent .
 I was not pleased with this product . It had a very lasting unpleasant smell . I was used to the Old Dominica Bay Rum that had a very pleasing odor when you applied it and then quickly left .
 I 'll preface this by saying that some guys obviously love this stuff , but here 's my perspective : I do n't wear cologne , and as far as `` smelling like a man '' goes I believe there are two general routes . Light-medium and spicy/stimulating , or extremely strong but more subtle/muted . This stuff is extremely strong and spicy/stimulating ; and I mean strong . When I first cracked the cap open on this thing I got a huge whiff of it within a second , and that was from a 1 ft away before I 'd even removed the cap . I later experimented by spreading a small drop over one of my fingers and seeing how long it lasted . Well it lasted forever and did n't die much . Could smell that tiny drop from 1 ft away easy . Now granted I apparently have a more sensitive nose then most , but this stuff smells stronger than most detergents . Ca n't imagine how strong it would be if I splashed this stuff all over my face -LRB- or body as the instructions suggest -RRB- . Would probably give me a headache.As for the scent itself , my first thought was `` old person '' , my second thought was `` overcompensating '' . `` Overcompensating old person '' is not the image I want to project .
 This makes me smell like a cross between an old man and a cinnamon stick .
 This concoction is a murky mess of synthetic ingredients of dubious quality . The artificial coloring makes it pour with a hue of blue when it leaves the bottle . Initial notes are reminiscent of cheap stocking-stuffer colognes that I remember as a kid , blended with Glade plugin and potpourri . It just does n't mesh with me . I do n't mind cinnamon or clove , but something here just seems out of place . There is a soapiness along with the subtle hints of bay oil.I understand that this -LRB- and the Pinaud / Clubman brand -RRB- has a large following , but I 've just never found a product from them that I like . If I were to suggest a bay rum , Dominica with Lime would be my first choice . It 's worth a few extra bucks for the improved quality.I am partial to `` spicy '' fragrance but this one simply is not it .
 SO strong that I am using it on my boat as a deodorant but not for use on your face .
 this was so terrible ... my hubby used it ONCE and vetoed it immediately . i dared him to take it to work and leave it in the men 's room and watch how fast it was used up - about 1/2 way gone and stayed that way . speaks for itself ...
 I bought this after shave because my Barber uses Bay Rum after he shaves the back of my neck and I love the scent . I ordered this brand because I have always used Clubman and loved it , and I still do . However , the Clubman Virgin Island Bay Rum smells nothing like the classic Bay Rum scent . It smells like some extra spicy almost cinnamon scent . I didnt like it at all . Maybe someone out there might love it , but I didnt , mainly because I had a certain expectation of what it was going to smel like and Clubman didnt deliver . If you want an awsome classic Bay Rum scent go and buy Stephan 's Bay Rum . That is the same that my barber uses and its the best .
 Within 3 days the compact fell apart and crumbled , however the other pressed products that I carry in the same case are still together , and not completely crumbled , so I know it was not how I was carrying it , but that this product is not a good one .
 shalimar byguerlain ... it is the cheap version Eau deshalimar ... what a rip off ! - The box you show is the real Shalimar ... you sent the white box ... the cheap version
 For a conditioner I could not comb through it . It left me withdry , frizzy , flyaway and build-up in my hair . Like their shampoo , mousse and hairspray it did not do what it said . Myhair was not healthy . Very disappointed .
 This is a sad product that had been tested extensively on animals . I do not recommend . There is beauty in compassion . I will heartily recommend another product - PureShine Spray it Curly - Works great ! I have wavy thin -LRB- and fine -RRB- hair that I 've been trying to grow out . It looked pretty scraggly - and the longer it gets , pulls itself down to drab thin-ness - so I have to be careful to get products that do n't weigh my hair down . This product I 'm mentioning the pureshine adds body , fullness and helps the curl be curly . Decent ingredients - no animals tortured to make it . I 'm really glad I found it , with this problem hair . Please look for it . I found it at my local drugstore . Pure Shine
 First of all , it was delivered in un-working condition . The spray part of the product would not work at all . I had to screw off the lid and glob it into my hand to use it . I have now gone through the entire bottle -LRB- I do n't like to waste money -RRB- and my experience is that what it did cover got hard and crunchy yet also left certain spots still frizzy . I am willing to admit that perhaps it 's because the product was globbed like a normal gel as opposed to being sprayed on as it was supposed to be and so perhaps my experience was just doomed to begin with and the product might not be too bad . Either way though , I will not bother trying it again .
 I have tried many products for curly hair , and this is one of many I have disliked . Maybe it would work well for someone with straight hair , but it was too strong for my hair . It makes very tight curls , but it also makes my hair very frizzy , and sticky .
 I decided to try this spray for my naturally curly hair and after using my fructis shampoo and conditioner i sprayed this in my damp hair and it was so stiff and crunchy after it dried i could not even comb through it . It states how it is not suppose to do this but it did and i am not happy at all with it . I will never use this ever again .
 This gel gives my curly hair a sticky feel and it feels sticky on my hands . Just weights my curls down rather than giving them shape . Not a good hair product for me .
 The ingredients are not accurately listed . This is what is actually in the bottle
 This particular product is very thick , sticky , does not work well or smell very good . HOWEVER , Fructis Wonder Waves -LRB- Wave Enhancing SPRAY -RRB- is amazing and a great product to use on either wet or dry hair . I have naturally curly medium to long hair and it works fantaistic on my freshly washed wet hair but the great thing is that even if you brush out your curls to wear it straight during the day and want curl/body for the evening but do n't have time to wash your hair , just spray this product on your dry straight hair , scrunch hair slightly while fluffing lightly with a hairdryer on low and it will curl and give your hair extra body , plus unlike the unpleasant smell of the gel , the smell on the Wonder Waves spray is delicious . I often use a light spray of it just to give my hair a fresh , clean scent throughout the day . It is a great product and I highly recommend it . I hope this helps those of you who read my review ; if you are like me you spend far too much time and money looking for just the right hair care product . This is definitely worth both time and money .
 I first tried Zadro 's model no. 275 . Right after the short warranty ended most of the clocks segments stopped working , then one of the two LED lights quit . Also , the shaver holder never did hold my Gillette Fusion razor properly . Then I tried the more expensive # 250 . Right away I was n't able to turn off the LEDs . I left it on expecting it to turn off later and it never did . Later I found the battery compartment was full of water . Like the # 275 it was n't able to hold my razor . Do n't waste your money with Zadro 's products .
 Fogless lasted about 4 weeks - still useable if one treats it like a swim mask lense ; a bit of spit or soapy water followed by a rinse clears it long enough for a shave.At 5 weeks , the razor-activated light switch was intermittent but repeatedly storing and removing the razor eventually activates the lights so it 's still useable.At 10 weeks the zoom feature stopped working but was zoomed to where I like it so it 's still useable.At 11 weeks the clock failed . Did n't want to know what time it was anyway.At 13 weeks , the lights flicker intermittently , the zoom feature and clock have failed and I 'm tired of cleaning the mirror ahead of each shave . No longer useable.Great design ideas but lousy execution . I 'd pay $ 50 plus if this were built well and reliable .
 Everything starts out fine , then the light wo n't go off until the battery is dead , then liquid gets in the battery compartment and the batteries corrode , then the power mirror does n't work . Ca n't say that the mirror was ever fogless , even following their instructions . We still use it because the mirror conveniently locked up at full magnification , we have plenty of sunlight in our shower area , and we rub soap on the mirror , then rinse , to manually make it `` fogless . '' However , if we ever bought a new shower mirror , it would definitely NOT be this product .
 Super idea for a shower mirror , really . Zoom , lights that go on when you pull the razor out , clock in the front so you know if you are late , big mirror ... what else do you want ? I wanted a mirror that wouldnt fog , lights that work , a method of sticking it reliably to the wall , and a properly sealed battery compartment for a SHOWER device . This is NOT what you get in the box . The tape and suction cups do n't work , alone or in concert , even on a solid glass shower door . The battery compartment rusted after 2 showers . The lights stopped working the first time it fell 5 feet to the shower floor when the suction cups failed , and the clock quit the next day . The day after that , the lights came back on , during the day sometime , with the razors IN the holes . This is a turd in the punchbowl . Save yourself the trouble and get this instead , it rocks.Fogless Shower Mirror with Squeegee by ToiletTree Products . Guaranteed Not to Fog , Designed Not to Fall .
 This was our second Zadro lighted fog-free shower mirror . Unlike most of the others , the light does not go off automatically -- a problem for us . In fewer than 90 days the light , once on , could not be turned off using the switch . The switch in the razor holder still would turn it off but we were not using that . In addition this mirror is clunky . It 's obviously meant to stand on a flat surface . It looks ugly in the shower . Since our first Zadro failed in less than a year because the suction cups no longer held it , we had concerns with this much heavier , not really shower-friendly model . We like fog-free , lighted shower mirrors but will look for a different style and brand .
 While the mirror works as advertised , be aware that it is listed as stainless steel . It 's not stainless steel , it 's plastic with a stainless finish !
 I choose this unit because of the zoom mirror and the light on it . Worked great before I installed it . Once I installed and used it one the light would not turn off and the unit never got wet .
 1 . Received the product , inserted batteries , and after one test the zoom stopped working . Ok , I can live without the zoom .2 . One month of use and the lights stopped working .3 . Insert product in trash can where it belongs.Why did I buy this ? Pure junk , a waste of $ 70 + dollars .
 I ordered my mirror from Hammacher Schlemmer and it arrived yesterday.After inserting 3 AA batteries , per directions , I attached it to my `` completely dry '' stone shower wall . Thinking , `` Just in case . . , '' I placed two towels below the mirror.Early this morning I heard a `` Thump '' and immediately realized what it was . Sure enough , my mirror had fallen off of the wall before I had a chance to try it out ! `` I suspect the four suction cups might -LRB- maybe not -RRB- work on granite or corian but they held about 9 hours on my shower wall !
 The unit was mounted in the shower . Generally , the Zadro mirrors are great ; just make sure that you spray the mirror surface , regardless of the model you buy , with the fog resistant spray - its only required every couple of months or so and easy to maintain . The problem with this particular unit is in the automatic light switch that is hidden and located in the razor holder on the right of side of the mirror . The idea is that while your razor is inserted in the that right-side holder , the razor handle holds the `` off '' switch down . -LRB- The left side razor holder does n't have the same feature , so if you share this mirror with someone , the user on the left will be constantly frustrated ; the light wo n't come on for them unless they also remove your razor on the right . -RRB- But the true defect of that hidden switch is that after several months of lifting your razor handle out of the right-side holder and then placing it back again - thereby turning the light switch on and off - the switch is cheap and quickly wears out . Do n't buy this . you will prematurely toss it in the trash . You are better off using a mirror that has a simple button to press rather than a cheap , hidden switch . As for anyone who reviews this after several weeks , yes they 'll be thrilled . I was . Now , I 'm shopping for something that will actually last a couple of years rather than 6 months .
 I ended up buying this product despite all the poor ratings and responses for the Zadro Fogless mirror and I can honestly say that I wished I had listened to them . I bought the product on sale for $ 15 as opposed to the regular price of $ 42 and even at that price I regret the purchase.I 've had this product for a week and it 's already malfunctioning . The mirror gets streaks in it so it 's hard to see while showering . The mechanism that turns the lights off does n't work and causes the lights to stay on all the time , so you basically end up wasting batteries or having to turn it off permanently so you do n't use all your battery life . The suction cups have already started to loose suction ... All these problems and I 've only had the mirror for one week ! I 'd highly recommend spending your money on something else , I 'm already looking at other mirrors as I write this . The only good that 's come out of it is that I realized that I do like having a shower mirror , I just need to find one that works .
 I have tried many Zadro mirrors , they are not fogless , or `` Zfogless '' as they claim , the mirrors tend to get corroded around the edges over time , and if they take batteries for clocks or lights or whatever , water gets inside and that 's all for those features folks . The very first time I went to change batteries , I found rust and corrosion . I called the company and they said they 'd replace it with the receipt but it was past the -LRB- lousy -RRB- warranty period . Slow to learn I guess , as in-store selection of shower mirrors is limited . No more Zadro mirrors for me though , that is for sure .
 What can I say that has n't been already?The battery compartment is not water tight and I started having issues about one month after buying it , then within 3 months it had died completely . The light never worked well , I bought it for the clock , which stopped keeping accurate time and even displaying whole numbers on the LCD . Now about a year later the mirror fogs up so badly you ca n't even wipe it off well enough to use it . It has rendered itself a lump of junk plastic suction cupped to my shower wall . I have no idea why I have not tossed it yet . Maybe because of how much I payed?One star for being cheap crap .
 The battery compartment is not water proof so in about two weeks the lights and mirror zoom stopped working . In about three weeks the battery acid started dripping out of the bottom . I ended up throwing the monstrosity away . Keep your money . Ken in TN .
 Zadro Z ' Fogless Ultra Lighted Shower MirrorA few days after I installed this item in my shower the clock stopped working . That 's not so bad but I found the switch for the lights did not work properly . You can put a razor in the holder on the right side to turn off the lights and when you take the razor out of the holder the lights turn on . At least that 's what should happen . Sometimes it worked and sometimes it did n't . There 's also a button on the bottom of the unit that turns the lights on an off but it did n't work consistently . In less than a month the lights stopped working altogether . I changed the batteries but that did n't help . There was a strange electrical burning smell coming from the unit and I think water must have gotten inside . I returned the unit and it was replaced promptly which is a credit to Amazon but the same problems developed with the replacement unit . I bought this unit because I have poor vision and I really need the zoom AND the lights . I was very dissapointed in this product and I would not recommend it to anyone .
 Construction of the clock portion is the best part of the mirror , unfortunately that was not really why I bought it . The zoom feature works nicely . Some issues I have with this mirror :1 - the LED lights help , but really need to be about 2x brighter -LRB- forget a mirror with only one -RRB- . The LED power switch on the bottom of the base does n't feel properly mounted , I bet that is the first thing to break.2-the 2 slots angling out from the base to hold razors do n't have proper drains , the holes let the water go internally into the plastic base so it can seep out of the base through the seam in the plastic ! Seems guaranteed to grow bacteria since it will be wet ALL the time -LRB- just like inside the cap of my Sonicare - gross ! -RRB- . Fire whoever came up with that design.3-the right holder has a second cheap plastic on/off switch for the LEDs that catches the ridges on the handle of my razor so I ca n't use the automatic on/off feature , so that is why I think I will end up breaking the primary switch on the bottom of the base . Also when a razor was fully inserted , it sometimes only dimmed the LEDs instead of shutting them off.I actually used a Dremel tool to cut away the bottoms of the tubes so they can drain properly -LRB- guess I wo n't be returning this -RRB- . Until they improve these design/manufacturing issues , I would recommend a different mirror . It certainly is not worth the $ 50 full price -LRB- I did get mine on sale though -RRB- .
 The light is inadequate - you may as well use an unlit mirror . The box states the mirror operates at 75 watts but the instructions inside state that you can not use any more than a 13 watt bulb . I assume this is what was provided since the light is worthless . This experience adds to my growing perception that Brookstone charges huge markups for oftentimes mediocre products .
 I do n't know what the hype is all about . This gloss stinks . Too sheer , no color at all , no staying power and sticky . Not what I 'm looking for in a lip gloss . Waste of money .
 I got no plumping whatsoever , the scent is odd , and the color is disgusting . It looks like transparent gloss in the picture , but it 's not . Once applied , it almost looks like white lipstick from the 60 's .
 I have to say I am very disappointed . After spending around 15 dollars for this product I have come to find that it does no good for my skin . Instead it leaves a slimy film layer on my face and even after blotting it continues to show up . Although , it says oil free , I believe that it may be better for dry skin people . Also , the soy-rich seems to be complete b.s. all it really does for your skin is leave it with a weird tint and sparkle but no health benefits . Hope this helps but please try something else like clinique instead .
 because of the spf i use it as my outdoor lotion , to my surprise the area that i had applied that touched clothes i.e. leg shirt collar stained yellowish orange . after a few washings still can not get it off the clothing ... not sure if it is this product or a reaction with sweat + this product + cotton fiber ... I guess this product is good if your planning on going out naked
 I generally love Aveno products , but I have had the weirdest experience with this moisturizer . Besides burning my eyes if it gets anywhere near them , the lotion itself actually peels . If I run my finger over my face , it 's as if my skin were rubbing off after a sunburn . The little moist rolls it leaves makes it impossible to wear under makeup , which is why I bought it . Even if I did n't wear foundation , though , why would I want a lotion that balls up on me and leaves what looks like bits of dead skin all over my face?I 'm returning it .
 I 've only been using this product for about a week and a half , but I have decided that is more than enough ! I can clean my face religiously before putting this on , but whenever I do put it on it somehow collects and rubs off in pieces ! The weirdest thing I 've ever seen , really . The smell is too much like sunscreen , though much milder and you sort of get used to it . This product made my face break out and I also noticed many more blackheads , even in places I NEVER get them !! When cleaning my face from this product as well , there 's an insurmountable level of dirt ! I 've also noticed dry patches on my skin that were never there before . Very unusual.I 've used other Aveeno moisturizers before , and other than switching moisturizers I have not changed anything else in my routine . The other moisturizers have never even come close to doing things like this , and I have to say that I am very disappointed in this product . I will never buy it again , and I will warn friends against it .
 I normally love Aveeno products so was happy when they came out with a face moisturizer . But I 've had nothing but trouble and did n't realize it was caused by this product until yesterday . I 've been noticing stains on the necklines of my shirts and on my pillowcases , so did a test
 I would n't say that I have sensitive skin when it comes to moisturizers but I officially have it now . On the first day , this moisturizer left a weird film across my face . It felt smooth but really weird , like saran wrap on your face . The second day it stung my face . I discontinued using it . Today I have dry skin all over my face , except for the places that turned red . I also , ended up getting it in my eyes at some point which I have to agree with everyone stung like crazy . Now even my eyelids have dry skin . I am not talking about the dry skin that you use moisturizer for in the first place . I am talking about dry skin that feels like sandpaper and leaves your make-up looking awful . I will never buy Aveeno products again !
 I had hopes for this moisturizer because I usually love Aveeno products . However , I have been sorely disappointed . First , it feels more like suncreen than it does a moisturizer . Secondly , and most irrating to me , I 've been using it for about 3 weeks now and have had the worst acne break outs I 've experienced in a long time . Today I woke up with more pimples , and I 've decided I 've had enough ... it 's going in the trash .
 Like some others have mentioned , I had several issues after my first use of this product . First it made my face burn so much I actually turned a fan on it until the worst of it was over . I have used moisturizers that burned a little before but this was on a new level . After applying it made weird skin lotion balls when I ran my fingers over it , as if it was sloughing off the dead skin . This would be okay for nighttime application I guess , but not for morning . Now my face is peeling all over , really , really badly and it is dryer than it 's ever been before . Needless to say , I am not at all happy about walking around with a face full of very visibly peeling skin , but I think it is going to take a week of better moisturizer to combat the damage this has done . I do not recommend this product for anyone , but especially those with even slightly sensitive skin .
 This product is terrible . After washing out my eyes several times , my eyes are still burning 12 hours later . It is not cheap either . What a waste !
 I use Clinique Dramatically Different during the summer but when the dry Arizona winter hits , I need something stronger so I bought Aveeno SPF30 . Because I never have any trouble with Clinique burning my eyes , I did not hesitate to rub the moisturizer all over my face including my eyes . I have had lotions that burned before but nothing like this !!! I washed my eyes to no avail . It burned for hours !!! The very least Aveeno could do is to put some kind of warning not to use on the eye area - but there is NOTHING !! I will never buy Aveeno anything ever again !!
 When the Dermatologist recommended Aveeno Active Naturals Moisturizer with SPF-30 -LRB- and sister product Aveeno SPF-15 -RRB- for my husband who had many skin cancers , he used it daily and liked the non-greasy feel it left on his face and neck , arms , etc. . However , it did n't take long before I noticed unsightly , orange stains on necklines , and collars of his tee shirts and light colored polo 's -LRB- or anywhere else the fabric touched the treated skin areas . -RRB- I 've soaked them , used every detergent on the market , and even tried remedies from `` Haley 's Hints '' . Nothing works , they wo n't come out !! Considering the cost of replacing the clothing , this is one expensive product .
 Maybe it was my own fault in believing in a price that was too good to be true for my favorite perfume that was recently discontinued by the brand . However , I was really disappointed that a company , such as this one , is able to claim that they only sell authentic brand perfumes , no knock-offs , when the perfume was not only a knock-off , but then they had the audacity to tell me that it was genuine . Having worn and smelled like this perfume for the past 5 years , there was no doubt in my mind that the off colored , leaking bottle of watered down hairspray was not my signature scent . Seriously disappointing .
 I have been trying to obtain a return authorization from Tuccini for two weeks now and they have refused to resopond to my repeated requests . The perfume box I received had been previously opened and I do n't want used perfume !
 I love this new scwnt by Ralph . It is a sofisticated yet sweet scent . When I first tried it gave me a calming feeling .
 I 'm sorry to those of you who liked this scent ... I mean no disrespect but I think this perfume is awful . I tried it in the store and had to scrub vigorously when I got home . It is sickly sweet and my poor boyfriend drove home w / his head out the window he disliked it so much . I 've heard that many of the Ralph perfumes are light and easy to wear but on me Hot was unbearable . I smelled like a nursing home dessert tray for hours.Best of luck but be warned !
 Bought this for my mom cause she seemed to like it in the store . She ended up just giving it to me . Smelled nice the first time , but after that it just made me sick . Personally , it 's just way too ... sweet for me . I just ca n't handle perfumes like that .
 I ordered Ralph Lauren HOT & received Ralph Lauren WILD , a huge mistake ! I tried calling this company , never got a call back , also e mailed them & never got a response ! I 'm very disguisted about spending $ 50 on something that I did n't oreder or even get acknowledgement on . I received an e mail from Amazon confirming my purchase of HOT & also the packing slip from this company clearly stated Ralph Lauren HOT . Very unsatisfied
 Ralph Lauren Hot is the only perfume I wear , so of course I was disappointed to find out it was discontinued . I was ecstatic when I found it on here , so of course I ordered it . The perfume I was sent is NOT Ralph Lauren Hot . The bottle and the box say that it is but one smell and it is obvious it is not the same perfume !
 The day cream is amazing . This night cream however smells just awful . It could be the best stuff ever , but I 'll never know ... ca n't get over the stink .
 This mask smells strongly of sulphur . Even after washing my face a few times , my boyfriend still complained of the smell . I did n't get good results either . It did not clear up my face .
 I did not like the product . Givenchy had a great product called Xeryus . Then they changed the formula and it was terrible !
 Absolutely not what I expected from them very cheap scent . Previous red and blue labels were nicely done .
 Compre el producto por la publicidad que se le ha dado ; luego de ello me arrepent&iacute; ya que no huele tan bien como lo esperaba.Hubiera preferido haber gastado mi dinero en Hugo Boss o algo asi .
 you can tell they had a good idea with what they wanted to pull off . and every other givenchy scent ive ever smelled , has been at least better than average . pi and pi neo are great IMO.but the desire didnt translate and this fragrance is pretty much a flop . ive had my nose over much worse , but i wouldnt buy this . however , it doesnt smell cheap .
 I bought this without first smelling it based upon a recommendation from someone . The stuff stinks . It smells like rotten coffee poured on someone wearing too much cheap cologne . I threw it away . It is gaggingly bad . I do n't know how they can call this cologne . The bottle is the only thing worth anything .
 While it is soothing because of its ' texture , peanut oil , olive oil or any other oil would have had the same effect in my opinion . Sorry .
 This product never arrived at my shipping address and I do n't find the way to file a claim in this case .
 The mascara seemed to be somewhat dry and hard to apply ... did not coat the eyelashes as expected . I have to say I was disappointed in this product .
 I use to buy this product all the time when in was available in the U.S because it would look natural and would hold all day . I have very straight eyelashes . This mascara use to be the only one that would hold the shape of my curled eyelashes &#8230; . not any more
 If it is supplied by Halaleveryday , you may want to rethink ordering your shea butter here and find one that carries the American Shea Institute shield , so you know what you are getting.PLEASE READ , I KNOW IT 'S LONG BUT I LEARNED A LOT AFTER RECEIVING SHEA BUTTER THAT IS NOT TESTEDThe Shea Institute has a great fact sheet all about what real shea butter is and the importance of testing , I learned that the government nor any other agency requires shea butter to be tested for quality and safety prior to selling . It is simply good business to do so and it is voluntary . This is the only way to certify a grade for the shea butter . So , if the shea butter is advertised as `` grade A '' it should display the seal of the American Shea Butter Institute . If it states it is grade A but does not carry the shield of the American Shea Butter Institute it is not actually graded and that butter is considered Lotto Grade Shea butter . This means you do not know what you have , it may be good , or it maybe your worst nightmare . Laboratory testing will include a safety screen , shelf life determination , and size of bioactive friction . Untested shea butter undesirables include , products of rancidity , mold , yeast , bacteria , fungus , coliform bacteria , lead , mercury , and other undesirables . ALL OF THIS INFORMATION COMES DIRECTLY FROM THE AMERICAN SHEA INSTITUTE ... SHEAINSTITUTE.COM AND YOU CAN GOOGLE THEIR FAQ SHEET AND READ IT THERE FOR YOURSELF
 got less than I paid for . I ordered 4 16 oz containers and non of them weighed 16 ounzes . I weight each one on an ounce scale that I use to weight out soap ingredients and its very sensitive . All be it an ounce is not so much but 4 ounces is 25 % of a pound and at those prices its not fair
 This is the most disgusting , gross smelling product.I think it smells like a petroleum chemical of some kind . It made me feel sick.I 've spent lots of time trying to get the smell off of my hands and I can still notice it.It is also hard as a rock.The label says to use as a lip balm - thanks for the tip but I think I 'll pass .
 This was a highly anticipated purchase for me ! Imagine my suprise when it arrived in some OLD plastic -LRB- probably used -RRB- container , with the words 100 % pure shea butter taped on the top !! That 's right taped !! And the lid TAPED down ! This butter is yellow ! Pure unrefined shea butter is cream in color !! This did work good on my face , that is the only reason I gave it 1 star . But if you are looking for pure unrefined shea butter go to coastal scents or somewhere else , because this is not it !
 This is the yellow shea butter thats sold in those oriental shops for a cheap pricing . The product is okay not the better quality or grade of shea butters . I assumed this would of been the white shea butter and more solid . This has a very yellow coloring and a overly strong scent .
 I have placed two -LRB- 2 -RRB- orders of this product and I was pleased with my bulk shipment at THAT time . Most recently I ordered 10Lbs of Shea on 2 day delivery on Dec. 1 , 2010 . on Dec. 3 , 2010 when my delivery DID NOT show up I tracked my package online and called UPS , Amazon and ALIVE & AWARE ! Online showed the package in San Fransisco , CA ! I live in Sacramento , CA ! Amazon told me that there was nothing they could do until my delivery came . ALIVE & AWARE NEVER RETURNED my recorded message ! I received my 10Lbs . Shea of bulk Shea on MONDAY , Dec. 6 , 2010 @ 7:00 p.m. PST . When I opened the box I sadly discovered 10-16oz . plastic containers filled with lumps of Shea . I immediately called UPS , Amazon and ALIVE & AWARE and as of today Dec. 14 , 2010 I have not received any follow-up phone call or my refund . SO BUYERS BEWARE ! I since have found better success at -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Ok , I just got my raw Shea Butter today , and first off the container was dented and then duct taped like it had been thrown against the wall . When i first opened the container , the stench practically hit me in the face . It smells DISGUSTING !! When i tried to scoop some out , it was so hard and brittle i had to put it on top of my heater to soften it up a bit . When it finally started to melt -LRB- which it went from completely hard to oil -RRB- , i put some on my hands and my face and it feels completely greasy , -LRB- i definitely wouldnt use it on my face during the day -RRB- and the smell is definitely lingering , so I 'm going to have to wash it all off before work . I know that since this is a natural product , it takes a little time to `` work '' so I 'm going to give it a shot . I 'm just only going to use it at night so i can wash it off in the morning . I also bought the Dudu Osun Black Soap that i ca n't wait to try -LRB- it smells like pine trees -RRB- so maybe that will pair well with the shea butter . I just think that on first application , Vaseline with SHea butter moisturizes the same , if not better than the raw shea butter ... and it smells a wholeee lot better !!!!
 This Shea butter is just disgusting to me !! It stinks it feels horrible on my skin . I 'll just stick to my victoria secret lotions !!!
 Though the transaction and delivery were excellent , the shea butter itself was a no-win . I would have gotten the same results from regular skin lotion . Marketers know the value of exploitation and exagerration and this was one of those times.But I wanted to try it -- and was disappointed .
 I found what appears to be a strand of human hair and bits of other stuff in there -LRB- hull of the seed maybe ? -RRB- . You do get a lot . And it smells god-awful . Purchase this only if you like smelling like a greasy ashtray .
 when I opened the package i was really excited then i looked down and saw two containers filled with yellow stuff ... I had to go home and check amazon right away because i thought i clicked the wrong product to buy ... nope ... seller just advertised different item.I was expecting to get whats shown in the picture which is a big raw piece of shea butter , they instead sent two food grade plastic containers filled with yellow stuff with no protective plastic sealing or anything anyone could open it and use it then close it again , send it back then they send it to you ... honestly will never buy this again Im affraid to use it on my body ... I did some more research and found Fair Trade ... I 've never heard of them I found them on google but they have a nice site that explains EVERYTHING about shea butter and as another review said this seller sends you Kpangana butter , I know I spelled that wrong ... but you will know what I mean if you read the FAQ 's on Fair Trade ... I found out that REAL raw shea butter is much more expensive and it was my own ignorance of shea butter that lead me to believe I could buy it so cheap ... I doubt i will even use this butter that was sent on my feet even though i bought it for my face . I will probably just take the loss and throw it away ... for someone who does n't care what they rub on their skin then I would recommend this fake shea butter ... . I did contact the seller and they said this : Dear Customer : Thank you so much for the message.Please be kind enough to allow me to explain as follows :1 . I purchased this item from an African importer . He delivered the big shells -LRB- like coconut -RRB- to me . Each shell -LRB- egg -RRB- contains about 50 pounds . I digged it out from the shell and put into the food-grade containers and then I weighed it by digital scale . This is the way I sell shea butter cream ; 2 . The quality of the shea butter is excellent and this is the fresh shipment.I suggest that you try it . You 'll like it . If you don ; t like it , please let me know . I 'll make the refund to you.I 'm customer-oriented . My phone number is xxxxxxxxxx.Have a nice day.which is nice enough but of course they will recommend I try it . . Their selling it lol ... but why would i try something that I did n't even buy ? anyway I replied back and asked why they do n't just put a picture of what they actually send you on ther website ... We 'll see what they say ... I already know the answer though ... very few people would waste the money if they saw what was actually sent . hope this was helpful.Heres an updateAnother thing they keep telling me it 's weighed with digital scales ... . and I have yet to see how much it weighs you ca n't find that info anywhere ! plus who cares how much it weighs ... I just wanted Pure shea butter and BTW I ended up rubbing a very little on the bottom of my feet and my feet were stained yellow lol it 's gross I cant beleive i tried it . ------------------------------------- This is the email i received after leaving the above negative feedback ... Dear Mrs. Rebecce : Good afternoon.Re
 After opening the sealed plastic package I noticed a strong smell , not a bad smell , but very different from the other 4x more expensive shea butters I have tried . It 's smells a lot like cocoa butter and it 's greasier too . I kind of found this suspicious and went online to read about how shea butter can smell/feel and look like . Then I learned about the Kpangan butter . The Kpangan butter smells like cocoa butter , is oily on the skin and is yellow . All of this matched the product I received at home as `` Shea Butter '' . Real Shea Butter does not smell like cocoa , it 's actually almost smell free . Also real shea butter does not feel greasy on the skin . Shea butter can have a yellowish tone but what I got is mustard yellow . Either the seller does n't know what he/she sells or ... Yet again , cheaper is NOT better . I am going back to the 4x more times expensive , certified and real Shea butter .
 As soon as I opened the package I knew I had been duped . This product is a bright yellowish color and is extremely creamy . True , raw Shea butter is ivory and very hard . This product smells a lot more like cocoa butter than shea . When it arrived the package label said `` Yellow Shea Butter '' . I did not order `` yellow '' Shea butter . What was marketed online was `` 100 % Organic West African Shea Butter '' . What I received is not what I paid for and I want my money back ! Do not be fooled !
 Can I just say how disapointed I am with product , I used it on my face and it itched like hell and made my face burn . This is not 100 % Shea Butter at all . How i know you ask ? ... . well I went Harlem NY went into an African shop that sells 100 % Shea Butter , and its NOT yellow but cream or half white , I used it on my face and NO burning NO itching or break outs . It worked wonders for my skin ... I 'm so annoyed that they would sell this product as 100 % Shea Butter when they know that its not .
 I 'm almost positive that this shea butter is not pure , it 's grade F . The shea butter I bought had a weird smell , and was discolored , the shea butter had dark blackish spots all over . Back to the smell , I ca n't even begin to try and describe the smell , I just remember that it made me want to throw up . Generally , shea butter has a smokey or roasted smell , this shea butter did not . I stopped using it for that reason I never sent it back because I was too lazy and did n't feel like it .
 On my quest to find organic , raw shea butter on Amazon , I have not been too successful . Either they are not organic -LRB- seeming to be inconsistent in color , packaging , and product -RRB- , or they are processed/melted so that they are not raw anymore.This one does not have an organic certification on the packaging . Similar to an Aloe Vera Gel I bought on here , it appears to be a very humble company that claims to not use any chemical additives to the shea butter or any during processing to get it into a melted state to put in packaging.The color is a noticeable bright canary/mustard yellow and it has a hard solid form . I somewhat expected this , but the scent -LRB- and the lack of organic certification on the actual labeling , despite it saying it on the bar code sticker ... -RRB- is what gave me final reason to try to return these two 16 ounce tubs . It has a `` nutty '' smell , but there is some sort of chemically , not natural or agreeable smell mixed with it . Like paint ? T-shirt paint or something ? I 'm not convinced this is unaltered at all . Plus , one tub when opened seemed very shiny and moist on top , the other was dried out with large cracks in center . Not good or consistent quality at all.Ezruli.com is the company 's website . There really is no credibility , no certification , so it 's basically taking their word for it . Suffice it to say , I do n't want to chance it . For now , I ordered organic raw cocoa chunks -LRB- 1 pound packages -RRB- on here to use for my homemade moisturizers/lotions instead . Plus , it can double as a dessert ingredient . If you know where to purchase certified organic , raw shea butter , please share ! Thanks ...
 Can anyone tell me how this is supposed to smell ? It 's pretty yellow in color and smells a bit rancid .
 Not only is this not `` 100 % Organic West African Shea Butter '' , it 's not really shea butter at all . I 'm at a loss as to what it was that I got in the package . Unrefined Shea Butter -LRB- which is not what I received -RRB- ranges from almost white to a pale yellow , and has a nutty , smoky scent . This `` shea butter '' was mustard yellow , melts at body temperature , but smells like cocoa butter ! On top of that , the plastic package that I received it in was dirty . If I could do it again , I would spend the few extra bucks to get a real pound of unrefined shea butter from a verified fair trade company . DO NOT BUY THIS STUFF ! IT IS NOT WHAT WAS ADVERTISED !
 I hate to say this , but the picture does n't represent what was sent to me . REAL shea butter is an IVORY to BEIGE color , this is a MUSTARD YELLOW color . The butter being labeled as `` Shea Butter , '' is in fact Kpangnan butter , an African butter SIMILAR to the qualities inherent in SHEA BUTTER . It 's a good butter , but Shea butter is better and I 'm giving it a 1 because the seller either does n't know or either does know and is n't being honest.Secondly , Shea butter has a MUCH stronger sent , is n't waxy feeling.I 'm only keeping the butter because I do n't feel like sending this back.I 'll be ordering from someone else in the future and not on here as many 3rd party vendors are selling this African Butter as `` Shea Butter . ''
 When I first bought this product , I thought it was fine , but unremarkable . At the time , my only concerns were
 The article does not bring any class of instructions , or manual . Does not it say if should melt , & iquest ; how to apply it ? , & iquest ; as Much as ? , & iquest ; as Many as days ? , & iquest ; applies during the day or at night ? Al can be used same time with other products of beauty?Comes in a transparent plastic glass of regular presentation , without labels . Presentation lacks him . The presentation is not adjusted to the photo . In the photo is seen well packed . But I arrive us in a glass in a cut , very hard block and packed of evil forms . Equal to the paraffin . Alone it has a small one sticker with a direction of a website , in which neither instructions they are found neither any indication on the product . Does not it include neither a photocopy with instructions . Every product of beauty brings indications on its use . But this not.My mom it this using of difficult form , since to apply it in the skin in complicated by being a quite hard substance . For the hair is even more difficult to apply.Does not it say if should be diluted with some substance or one must melt it . To my mom has touched her to be begin to guess the form to use it .
 When I first received the package in the mail it smelled strange . I could smell it without opening the box . I opened it and there was a greasy plastic bag with what looked like a yellow blob of play doh . It was way more yellow than the picture , but I did n't think anything of it . It smelled worse inside the box and when I opened it I had to hold my breath . I had read that unrefined REAL shea butter has a MILD smell . This was overwhelming . So overwhelming that when I melted it together with beeswax and added many drops of scent oils of lip balms , but you can still smell it . The texture is weirdly sticky and greasy and leaves residue on anything it touches.I wish I had read through the 1 star reviews before purchasing . I read through a few that said it was actually Kpangnan Butter so I googled it . They were ABSOLUTELY right . Not what I paid for .
 I did n't realize there was an ivory option , when I bought this . The color itself does n't bother me , but I used it to make lotion and it stinks really bad . Some people describe a &#34; nutty &#34; scent , but it really smells very bad . And it 's strong . It also has little bits of shell in it , which apparently the ivory does n't . It still does the job as far as moisturizing and giving the lotion a decent texture -LRB- I do n't notice the shell pieces once mixed with beeswax and coconut oil -RRB- , but it still stinks .
 I bought this because I heard so many great things about shea butter ... but I guess you have to know how to MIX this in with other ingredients , because , on its own , you ca n't just `` rub it into your skin '' . It 's very `` dough-like '' and does n't blend into the skin easily on its own .
 Alright , I admit I have never seen , felt or smelled 100 % shea butter in my life ! So , technically , I can not say if this is the real deal or not . But even if it is , you definitely do n't want to rub this on your skin , for simple fact that it smells awful ! Instead , I have turned it into a paste and used it , along with jojoba and castor oil , as hot oil hair treatment . The shampoo afterwards takes care of the unpleasant scent . I have to say , it works wonders ! Hey , if life throws you shea , make some butter with it . : -RRB- UPDATE ****** I decided to do my hair ` mascara ' again , but this time using a lot more shea butter than oils . Let me tell you , my head started itching a minute after applying it , and even after shampooing and rinsing my hair twice , my head still itched and my scalp was redish !! I thought `` Wow , could I be allergic to 100 % pure shea butter ?! '' So I did a google search and found this : '' `` The Food Allergy Research and Resource Program reports the shea nuts do not belong in the list of commonly allergenic tree nuts . There are no reports of allergic reactions to shea nuts or its products . '' `` I 'll let you take your own conclusions about the purity of this shea butter , or even if it 's shea butter at all . As for me , I threw it all out and definitely wo n't be buying from this seller again .
 i just got this product in the mail today . it looks very suspicious to me.butter - the consistency is mushy and some of it is hard . also the color varies from bright yellow to ivory , which also looks unnatural.packaging - dirty plastic bag that is poorly sealed . also there is a small dirty sticker that is barely attached to the bag and it says `` 100 % organic west african shea butter '' . this is the worst product ever i got from amazon
 i got this shea butter after hearing and reading how great it is for all type of skin condition . I had one before - very hard , ivory looking , but quicly melting - but this one is soo diferent . the color is very yellow , the type what fake mustartd has . i was trying to use it as a diaper cream , as a dry skin moistureizer and treating very mild eczema and scars but it did not do anything to any above mentioned problem . After several days I still did not see any result nor improvment . That is when I started to think of the authenticity of this product . I think I will stop using it since I have no proof of its originality and beside it really does not work . I am sad , I wish I could return it . I will try to contact the seller . If you want the real thing dont buy it .
 This shea butter came double bagged in a heat sealed plastic baggie . It smelled very strange and had a weird appearance .
 What I received is not shea butter it 's actually Kpangnan Butter or African Butter , totally different than shea butter . It 's dyed bright yellow which stains your skin and clothes , it 's greasy , has a strong odor and is more gritty than shea . Unrefined shea butter is softer than cocoa butter , ivory in color , the odor is very faint and it absorbs easily . Not happy at all with my purchase , I 'll never buy anything from this seller again
 I ordered Organic African Shea Butter from Amazon based on their description of the product as well as the numerous 5-star reviews from customers . I had the product shipped to my office and received it yesterday . Anxious to try it , I opened the package and did what so many of the reviews said , I took a small piece , warmed it with my hands and used it on my hands . My co-workers did not appreciate the smell and thought that it might be rancid . I e-mailed Halaleveryday -LRB- who had shipped me the product -RRB- asking if the scent should be so overpowering or is it possible that it might be rancid . Halaleveryday 's response to me was that the product has a strong nutty smell . they also said that this product is the main raw ingredient to make my own body butter and that they do not advise using it directly on the skin . They gave me the `` recipe '' to make my own body butter , however , I did not buy the product to use it to make body butter . I bought it to use `` as is '' in its natural state like most of the customer reviews state . I wrote back saying that the information Halaleveryday gave me was certainly not listed in the product information on Amazon and that I would not have purchased it if I knew that I should not use it `` as is '' directly on my skin . Halaleveryday 's response was that I should not blame anyone other than myself because I should have researched the product prior to buying . They continued by saying that Amazon 's listing `` could not serve as a shea butter schooling '' and that `` the people who praised it know well what to do with it '' . I dont even know what to say or what to think . Is everyone really using the product `` as is '' without `` filtering '' ? 100 % Organic West African Shea Butter 16 oz
 This is NOT shea butter . It is gritty like cornmeal , mustard yellow , and warming to the touch when rubbed together . This is Kpangnan -LRB- pronounced Panya -RRB- ! You are advertising organic unrefined Shea ! I want my Shea butter which is what I ordered !
 I used to live in Ghana , West Africa years before moving to the U.S.A , and as such , i know how pure shea butter from Ghana feel , smell , and look like.I have used shea butter for a longtime , and as such i know this definitely is n't pure Ghanaian shea butter . What the seller did was mixed the pure shea butter with African palm oil , hence the smell and yellowish color . I was highly dissapointed with my purschase , and i will definely be throwing it away , as i ca n't imagine using African palm oil on my skin .
 Very disappointed . Bright yellow and you can tell it has been mixed with some other oil and poured into plastic tub.I then wanted to check the weight as I HAVE paid for 16oz and it weighs 141/2 oz -LRB- with the lid taken off ! -RRB- -LRB- 15 oz with the lid on -RRB- . I am guessing that the product is going to weight less than 14oz when its out of the plastic tub.Will not use as I have too sensitive skin to try something that I do not know the full ingredients of.Do not waste your money or your time .
 I should have listened to one of the reviewers when she mentioned that she thought she got a not so good batch because it was mustard yellow and it did n't feel right to her . I too got the yellowy mustard color . I thought it was okay , started to use it for a few weeks or so ... but then I got horribly sick and nauseous . I did some muscle testing to see what products I was having such a horrible reaction to and it was the African Shea Butter I ordered from this particular vendor . I stopped using it and my nausea dissipated . I threw the batch out . I wo n't be asking for a refund as the shipping was not worth the return.I am extremely sensitive to food and products that contain not so good stuff in it and I guess this did n't -- or somehow it was a rancid batch . I did appreciate the quick shipment but the product was a bust . I do n't understand why someone would sell a horrible batch . I ordered several things from this vendor -- the dudu-osun african black soap , the shea butter oil 16 oz , and the shea butter . The dudu-osun soap is fine , but I have doubts about the shea butter oil as it made me dried out and the shea butter I bought from them is totally out for me . I WILL NOT be buying from this vendor again after the horrible reaction I had .
 I have used organic West African Shea Butter before from other vendors and it was never this yellow . I had to melt the Shea Butter then strain out impurities before using it for my soap . The yellow color remained in my bars so that colors did not remain the same -LRB- blue color turned into green because of the yellow soap -RRB- . I would not purchase this Shea Butter again .
 It stains and is pretty gritty.A quick google search came up w / the cause : `` Gritty Shea . Again , complications in processing . '' `` Improper heating of shea butter can cause the butter to crystallize as it cools . This crystallization can cause lip balms , body butters and other formulations to turn gritty . `` After a shower , I would sit in front of the heater to hurry the melting process of applying the butter . The gritty feeling was kind of annoying , but my skin did drink it up . I got dressed and then noticed the butter had stained my clothes a gross yellow.I also applied this to my hair which is very chemically abused , and pretty dried . This thing made me look like I havnt showered in a week . Also , after a few applications -LRB- applying to my hair at night and washing it out in the morning -RRB- I havnt noticed my hair softer , shinier , or anything.I 'll update after more usage if my skin has improved or the stains is washable , or if my hair will benefit from this at another date . As it ; s supposedly all natural , I will continue to give this some more time to `` work . `` Also , if I run out of this stuff and it does work , I probably will try a different brand.Seller , fast shipping , but does not respond to my emails ! Would hate to think if there was a true problem w / my order .
 Purchased brush after reading about it in a magazine article.Very disappointed.Brush was missing a bristle and hurts upon use . `` Cushion '' ended up with some of my hair resting on it !
 *** UPDATE 2/20/2012 *** I have used this brush for a few months now . And while it lasted it was a great brush.A little while ago however , the thing cracked down the center while I was brushing my hair . Now it `` still works '' for the most part but the rubber tip on the end of the bristles has worn away so much its unusable without pain . It scrapes my scalp with each comb . Great for a little while then goes caput on you . I have a brush that has lasted me since I was child . The thing is most likley 24 years old . But I want a boar bristle brush not a everyday brush.I was expecting great things from my first boar hair / ionic bristle combo brush . I am not going to rate this anything lower than a 4 as I do not think its the brush 's fault , but it says that its anti static . The first few combs through my hair left it looking like my head had been attacked by a balloon . I however will not discredit this brush , as I have used ionic brushes before that claimed to be anti static and it did the same thing . So it 's quite possible I just have hair that is that unruly . But I will say that inconjuncition with the other reviewers I do feel that it does leave my hair softer . My boyfriend even complimented on it 's ability to smooth out his hair which my old brushes never did very well . I like the design of the brush and its the same size as my old brush which is perfect for my hair which is about 3/4 back length about 4 inches from bottom of pants . I have incredibly fine hair , and it seems to be thinning which for me at almost 25 is very upsetting to me , as well as long hair so I am trying to take better care of my hair and scalp to try and regain the hair I seem to be losing . On that note , I would like to say that amount of hair this brush claims from my head as opposed to my old hard bristle brush is next to nothing in comparison so I very happy with that . Only reason I gave this 4 stars was the static thing . I do n't know if it 's just me but it 's not anti static for me . But I can smooth it out so its not a deal breaker .
 I 've had this brush for almost a year . A few months ago the plastic bristles started getting all bent out of shape , and then almost all of the tops of the bristles fell off . It hurt to brush my hair , and after a couple weeks the brush started doing actual damage to my hair . I finally took out scissors today and cut off all the plastic bristles so now it 's just a boar bristle brush . Now it makes my hair soft again but it is n't exactly what I wanted in the brush ... another brush I have -LRB- Goodys -RRB- I have had for 5 years and it 's still great . Disappointed in this brush : -LRB-
 Was a good brush but completely falls apart after a few months of use ! I would not buy this brush again
 I loved this product for a few months , then the plastic balls on the end of the bristles began falling off and it scrapes my scalp and is painful to brush my hair with . Disappointed at how long it lasted as I 've never gotten so many compliments on my hair and it felt very healthy since using . If only it lasted . : -LRB-
 I was not impressed with this brush . I found that it REALLY increases static , and the wood pins are way too flimsy . They wo n't brush all the way through my fairly thick hair . I have had bamboo brushes before that I 've liked and was excited to find this combo brush . I was extremely disappointed when I tried it .
 So much for `` eco . '' Out of the package , the brush smelled like it was made by slave labor in a third world country . You know what I 'm talking about ... the smell of Dollar Stores and Walmart toy aisles.I tried rinsing it to remove the smell , boy was that a mistake , because then my whole bathroom smelled -- somewhere between scorched plastic and singed hair . I quit smoking 3 years ago , so my sense of smell has increased tenfold by now . But even with a cigarette burning between my lips , I do n't think you could NOT notice the smell of cheap.Well , I figured , I might as well try it out . But who is this brush made for ? Homer Simpsons and Charlie Browns ? I have fine straight hair and the bristles were barely strong enough to graze over my head . A cat 's tongue would have created more pressure.And then of course it left that strange odor on my scalp , and even though it was midnight and I was exhausted from working all day , I could n't sleep like that , so I had to shower before bed , the shower was really nice , highly recommend a hot shower before bed . Not the brush though . Forget this brush . Everything about it is worthlessI should have gone with the pricier Widu , those Germans know all about eco and fine engineering ... even in a hair brush probably .
 Yikes this brush is horrible ! I have long thick hair and it feels like I 'm destroying my hair when I use this brush . I have large paddle brushes from the Dollar Store they are much better .
 After one week of use in straight , fine hair , the bristles are bent as if I have owned this brush for years . some are even curved all the way around such that the ball on the end is pointed back into the rubber pad . I ca n't see this brush lasting very long under normal use , and ordered a different brush within a week of receiving this one .
 The quality of the brush is good except that the nylon bristle tips break off easily and it scratches your scalp . I 've only had it for a couple months and over half of them have come off as I 've been brushing . I do have thick long hair , so it might be fine for other folks with shorter , thinner hair . I have since switched to another paddle brush that has 100 % wood bristles .
 The nylon bristles on this brush are very thin and do not even reach the scalp through my thin hair . I purchased this for my boyfriend who is growing out his thick hair , so it was absolutely useless . The boar bristles are too short and just skim over the top layer of hair . They were also frayed out like an old toothbrush when we received it . Overall , I prefer myConair Professional Full and Mid Size Nylon Cushion Brush Set , Colors may varyto this flimsy thing . It 's lasted about 5 years now and is still stiff enough to brush my SO 's thick hair thoroughly .
 * I still like the Paul Mitchell Super Skinny or the Garnier Fructis Serum or the Organix Keratin Serum Better * Try something else and I think you will be happier you did
 I bought this at Target & returned it . Glad I did n't pay shipping ! It 's ok . I have fine hair . . I used it to tame it a little bit and when I got home a few hours later my hair looked like I had n't washed it in two days ! It looked pretty nasty . It did n't look shiny it just looked oily and slick . Maybe it 's for girls with curly hair . .
 I 've used this product for years , but this particular item has an odd smell and doesnt seem to work as well as the ones I purchase in stores . . Maybe its an expired product ? I 'm not sure
 I love this glossing spray and have used it for a few years now . I have very long hair and spray it on my hands which I then use to calm down any fly-aways . It makes my hair very shiny ! This awful rating is actually for the packaging . When the package arrived , the box had wet stains and the bottle of glossing spray was half empty ! Amazon does n't allow returns of what they deem &#34; hazardous &#34; materials , so be wary when ordering this spray through them !
 This is awful product if you do n't want dryer hair I would n't go with this I have never used a product that acted like this one . First of all there is alcohol in this product it 's suposed to be used as a heat protectant so when I used it , I t just fired my hair , one sprits in a section of my hair and you can hear it frying and you can smell the alcohol it almost smells like straight alcohol when you spray with a little bit of a nice smell . I only used it once and never again hair came out horribleness thought tha it might in part be because of the flat because I was using a new flat iron that I never used before , but then when I did my hair again not using this product my hair came out amazing likei just stepped out of a hair salon so the flat iron was fine it was just the product that made my hair look bad . I have curly mixed race hair that is shoulder length it is natural , fairly easy to manage . I used other products after and did not have the same problem . I was really excited to use the product but was very disappointed in its performance . Will never buy again and it made me never want to use any of garner fruits products again because if this is so horrible then maybe the other products are n't so great so I was invested in other things that work wonderfully . There are many other produ t you can use that are n't e pensive that wo n't do this to your hair so beware .
 What a mistake I made by buying this - I thought it had a light lavender fragrance that would be subtle and pleasant . Its totally not like that at all - and when I say `` old lady powder '' I do n't mean powder that maybe an 80 or 90 year old might be wearing - but it smells like my grandmother 's powder she wore in the nursing home about 20 years ago . I hate to be negative but it has a horrible odor that ca n't even be compared to bathroom spray . There are so many other powders out there that would give off a nice scent . For some reason I thought it might smell similar to Johnson 's Baby Powder , or be an inexpensive option forCrabtree & Evelyn Lavender Dusting Powder 3.0 oz . / 85gI was very wrong and I am returning it and just going with my new favorite powderClean Original Moisture Absorbent Fresh Body Veil - Clean - 107.7 g/3 .8 oz
 I do n't know what the hype is all about . This gloss stinks . Too sheer , no color at all , no staying power and sticky . Not what I 'm looking for in a lip gloss . Waste of money .
 I got no plumping whatsoever , the scent is odd , and the color is disgusting . It looks like transparent gloss in the picture , but it 's not . Once applied , it almost looks like white lipstick from the 60 's .
 I really wanted to like this and was excited to get it . I hoped to use it to smooth my hair and provide volume at the root . It turned out to be very cumbersome and did n't seem to get very hot . Even though I have straight hair , I found it difficult to get hair taut and even around the barrel . It had very little effect on my hair at all . I even tried hairspray , which I do n't normally use . If your hair is easy to curl , it may work for you .
 It doesn heat as much to make good curls , is for very long hair , in general I dont like the product at all . I cant use it
 The stuff I have purchased came on time , however instead of seven piece set as it was advertised I have received only 3 piece , and one of them was broken and the liquids spilled all over the inside of the package . However , I have recieved full refund promptly .
 This was not the item I ordered.I was told by Amazon the supplier no longer offers item . I used it , did not perform as I thought it would .
 Unfortunately , after using the entire bottle , this shampoo did not work for me at all . I followed the instructions and left it on for at least 10 minutes each time in the shower . All it did was increase my water bill.Glad to hear it worked for other folks , but it was just a waste of $ 25 for me .
 This product did n't work a waste of money I would n't ever buy it again . I thought that it would but damage my hair even more
 bought this perfume and I have the impression that it is fake , therefore , does not have a lot of fixing . moreover , in his bottle , the brand came azarro shaved . a shame .
 i have been wearing this fragrance for many years but to my dismay -- there was no fragrance but only alcohol -- just how old is this fragrance in your stock ? -- very disappointed
 Ok . . So this might be okay if you have no sense of smell . Its AWFULL . But Same Brand Volumizing `` COUTOR '' Smells great . Will Never buy this product ever again .
 This was a gift for my wife . She was dissapointed with the product . She has been using for years , always purchasing from our local Macy 's store . She advised me that the quality was sub par when compared toher existing bottle . I 'm sure I will never make this mistake again when it come to a perfume purchase .
 I used this product consistently for a month or so and I did n't notice a difference at all . It kind of had a funky smell too ...
 This was the biggest letdown I could 've hoped for , like , ever . Yeah , it made my boobs all soft and stuff , but I was looking for something that would make them perkier because my boobs are of the persuasion that they needed to get bigger before I knew what to do with them as a teenager , so yeah . Large but not in charge , if you know what I mean ? And I almost feel like this stuff made it worse , like the softening was anti-firming , for sure . Opposite of the description much ?
 i been using this for a bit and havent seen much results . other reviews said to use and do chest exercise . which i have been doing . it says to apply twice a day i apply once a day cause i tend to forget . also i dont really like the smell of . . the cream has a thick feeling to it , which i dont really like either .
 I was a full 34dd I used the product because I started working out to tone up and lose my stomach . I thought iit would tone up my breast firmness . I used the product one time I may have rubbed too much because a lot comes out but the next day my breast were loose no firmness felt real saggy . I am not happy and regret I ever used it . I am so uncomfortable going from feeling confident to not is real upsetting . When I now put on my bra that lifted my breast and gave me great cleavage with my boobs touching each other now they do n't even touch . My breast feel mushy and light when at first they were heavy and firmer at first before use of product . I am now trying to see how I can enhance naturally and feel confident again .
 I was so excited for this product . I thought after i read the reviews and only one -LRB- one star -RRB- review that it would actually work . WOW , was i wrong . I know what your thinking . . because i gave it on star you wo n't pay attention to this review because there is so many positive ones , but i hope you can prove me wrong . . I really wanted this to work . I did , i swear . I hope it on many times a day for a month . I think that is a reasonable amount of time to see if something is working . . I think i actually become MORE insecure about my breasts because of this product.I am 20 years old . I lost a lot of weight and this is why i brought the product . It is embarrassing to have had big boobs , dropped 2 sizes and have as it seems no elasticity left . I know miracles like this do n't happen over night or even in month but i am telling you , i did n't see ANY improvement at all . . Not even a fading of the stretch mark lines ! All it did was smell awful and waste my money.I feel like you would seriously be better off just exercises and stop wishing miracles will happen to your breasts . That is what i thought and clearly this product is not for big to small boobs.I wish i would have never gotten my hopes up on this product.To those who it has worked for , i congratulate you but for me . . It just left me more disappointed then when i started . .
 i ordered 19 pcs but only received 11pcs why ? palmers bust firming lotion deliver incomplete what happen to my order 19 pcs you deliver to me only 11pcs where is the rest ?
 Would n't recommend buying fragrances online . When they transport the fragrance it gets warm and ruins the smell . Kind of pissed about my recent purchase .
 I do n't think this cream is so great at all . It leaves my skin feeling drier and more wrinkled than when I put it on ! Sorry I took the chance on this basic Olay . Maybe the Regenerist line is better .
 I was n't as impressed with this Marilyn brush . It was harder to get through my hair and it made it really flat . That may be because this one is for straight looks without volume . I highly recommend the black Marilyn brush that is for straight styles WITH volume . Way better .
 I think this perfume is fake . It does n't have a lasting smell . Do n't buy it .
 I 'm afraid that this product was so incredibly messy that it did not prove practical to use . It left a muddy residue in the bathroom and was not possible to use on the hands under gloves to treat the skin overnight because of the risk of ruining both the gloves and the the sheets.I feel this product is better suited for use in a spa or clinic than for general home use .
 Terrible ... . Not a flat iron spray at all . Do not waste your money ! Very sticky and resembles hairspray . Do not recommend
 I recieved my item broken and I contacted the vendor to let them know it was broken they offered to send me a new one in which I never received . Although at the time if I put the nozel back on , it will spray but it wont continue to work the whole time .
 IVE GONE THREW ALMOST ALL OF MY 2 BOTTLES AND IT HASNT HELPED MY PSORIASIS BUT I REALLY CANT BLAME THE PRODUCT BECAUSE PRESCRIPTION SHAMPOO HASNT HELPED EITHER . THANK YOU JANICE AYERS
 It was as if it was a nailpolish designed to chip . The topcoat allowed me to literally peel of any nailpolish I put on . It was terrible I wish I could get my money back .
 WASTE OF MONEYI GOT THIS TOP COAT AND I REGRET DOING SO BECUASE IT RUINED ALL MY MANICURES AND PEDICURESALTHOUGH IT IS VERY SHINY , IT MAKES NAIL POLISH LOOK BUMPY AND MESSED UP !!
 Great coat . I use even when I am not using regular polish . Keeps my nails looking great . i will order again
 I used this with the wash n ' curl shampoo and found that it made no difference to my hair . It has always been pretty stubbornly straight and fine though so it might work for different hair types . I also found that my hair smelled like chemicals until I washed it again .
 Sums it up . This is not s good product or cologne . The fragrance seems mostly to be sandalwood -- which is actually a scent I quite like , but Royall Muske employs it in such a way that smells cheap and unsophisticated . It also wears off incredibly quickly -- usually within half an hour -LRB- 1 hour max -RRB- . This product was made in the US -- looks like the other reviews are correct . The US version of this product is not good . I wish I could try the Bermuda made version of Royall Muske . I tried really hard to made sure that was the kind I was getting . I wrote Amazon and they said they did not know , but I could order it an return it if it was not what I wanted . Well , it is definitely not what I wanted , and I hope they will let me return it -- but it has been difficult , because they wo n't let you ship back flammable liquids . If an Amazon rep reads this , could you please help me with the return process of this item ?
 I bought this product because I thought it was the muske made in Bermuda ... . THAT WAS NOT THE CASE !!!! The product that was sent is a cheap imitation made somewhere I do n't know where ... It is very weak , not even having a scent of the muske I last bought in Bermuda . Even the label has misspellings within it ... I would not order this product again , and will throw out what I did buy , and kiss off the money it cost me . I am not sure I would order thru e-bay again after this experience . .
 This cream does n't even shave well , much less moisturize as you shave . After using this cream while travelling I was very disappointed . I was looking for something to fight the irritation of simple shaving cream , and provide some moisture at the same time . Not with this stuff . I 'm not a prissy man , but this stuff did n't affect my breakouts after shaving or leave me feeling well shorn .
 Hello !! I 'd like to share my experience with this product . Hopefully someone will find it helpful.I have very curly , coarse medium hair.I wanted streight sleek hair . I was going to use a different brand relaxer ... But someone from a hair care store recommended this product . I am not sure if she ever used it herself . But I still took her advice since she seemed to know alot about hair . She recommended me , formula # 2 for coarse , porous , permed or highlighted hair . She told me it was gentler than regular relaxers.I used it myself , I followed all the instructions carefully . When I was finally done . There were still curls in my hair , but not as curly as they were before . Now I have wavy hair.But this is deifinetly not a hair streightner . Although this is very gentle on your hair it is more of a texturizer.The thing that I really did not like about it was that it left my hair drier and frizzy when my hair finally dried . Although it 's supposed to make your hair less frizzy ... it just did n't work for my hair.But who knows your hair might work with this . But really , if you were to ask me , how I felt about the product , save your money and go to a hair salon place to get your hair done , if that 's too expensive , I am sure there are other relaxers that are better than this.Note about the product
 I 'm writing amazon about this FALSE ADVERTISING.The top of their page says `` Fruit Of The Earth 100 % Aloe Vera Gel '' but the bottle does not contain 100 % aloe , it contains a gel which has a bunch of -LRB- possibly dangerous -RRB- additives added to it!Shame on Fruit of the Earth for putting all this crap which MIGHT BE carcinogenic in their aloe which people use because they want a NATURAL product.I 'd give this 0 stars if I could !
 No , I am not a scientist but I am literate . I do n't want products I use to cause me cancer . Fruit of the Earth ? More like , ` they do n't provide health insurance . ' I 'm sure this company hires chemist who could think of more natural ingredients to use . I will NEVER buy this product again , but thanks for encouraging me to grow my own aloe plants . I liked this product , but not some of the ingredients , and I know you can do better .
 This is way to thick of a gel , when they said 100 % gel they were n't kidding . Ive seen some deceptive marketing in my day but this company is really leading the pack . I dont like how they dont say how much actual `` aloe '' is in it 0 % . This stuff is thicker and stickier than Vaseline . Fruit of the earth , hardly . The only use I could see for this stuff is maybe as a special effect in an alien movie where people are stuck in a preservation tank . in all seriousness , wtf . Says it 's American made which is an insult . Not even china would try to pass this stuff off .
 This does n't really help . it may helps for a few minutes but it will stop and the pain will come back . i have been using this products for a week now ,2 times a day and it does not work . it leaves the green stuff on skin and its hard to get off your skin . i do n't recommend this product .
 I think it 's bad enough that the label says 100 % Gel when it 's not , but even the description gave no indication of the added ingredients . As soon as the bottle came and I saw its clear contents , I knew it was not what I was looking for as pure aloe is not clear . Many people seem to like this product , but it needs to be labeled properly . Shame on me for not reading the reviews , I guess .
 Even though this product is not % 100 percent aloe vera gel i tried it anyway to clear up face pimples . The real aloe vera gel is known to clear up face pimples and acne but this stuff left my face swollen and puffy and i will not buy again . its not % 100 percent aloe vera gel and now im growing a real aloe vera leaf plant and that leaf heals skin problems better than fruit of the earth products . i recommend a real aloe vera leaf
 I am not a fan of this aloe gel , I purchased this to use on my face because I have really oily skin that breaks out very easily when I use lotion . But this aloe gel still leaves my face dry and leaves a lot to be desired . One good thing about it though is that it is fragrance free which is nice . I would not buy this product again ,
 On the topic of whether this can be taken internally
 Even though this is marketed as 100 % aloe vera gel it is not . According to the ingredients it is
 Although not technically a lie , putting 100 % in the label is grossly misleading considering all the additives in this product . Personally , I consider it criminally misleading . Although I have bought a lot of this product in the past when it was less adulterated , I 'll never buy any Fruit of the Earth Product again.I recommend `` Aloe Vera Gelly '' produced by `` Lily of the Desert '' . Thanks to the reviewers below who described the chemicals .
 Believing the big lie on the front of the bottle -LRB- 100 % GEL ! Yay ! -RRB- I bought a big bottle of Fruit of the Earth several years ago , thinking I was buying 100 % Aloe Vera Gel . This was back before I wised up to reading ingredient lists.Fruit of the Earth 's `` 100 % Gel '' is a 100 % fraud , chockful of skin irritants , endocrine disruptors , immunotoxins and formaldehyde . Read up on the actual ingredients , then decide if you want to put this stuff on your skin . There are several companies that make pure aloe vera products . But you 'll have to read the ingredient lists . Do n't believe what it says on the front of the bottle , because there are a lot of companies like Fruit of the Earth who use deceptive labeling to peddle their wares . Read the ingredient lists . Accept no substitutes .
 The text on the bottle is a little misleading . 100 % Gel ? Well , yes , it is . But what percent of Aloe Vera is IN the gel ? 20 % ? 90 % ? You will never know , because they wo n't tell you . Also , this stuff contains Diazolidinyl Urea , which is a preservative that prevents bacterial growth . It works by releasing small amounts of formaldehyde , a toxic and carcinogenic substance used to embalm dead bodies . So there you are . Better if you look for Aloe from a company named `` JASON '' , from Jason Natural Products.Jason Aloe Vera 98 % Moisturizing Gel , 8-Ounce Bottle -LRB- Pack of 3 -RRB-
 I bought this gel as a natural way to help heal a couple of spots on my face where I had a breakout . The first couple of days I only used it as a spot treatment and though it did n't work wonders it did n't have any adverse effects . I then made the mistake of applying this over my whole face before going to bed . I woke up the next morning with a rash over my entire face including my eyelids . I was horrified ! It was only then that I read the ingredients of this product . Not only is it not `` 100 % aloe vera '' & `` alcohol free , '' this stuff is toxic ! Shame on me for not reading the ingredients before using this product . Shame , shame , shame on this company for claiming to be 100 % aloe vera !
 So , I recently had scarification work done - I have a network of artistic cuts on my arms now . They 've been a little extra sore today , so after my shower I ran some of this gel over the work . OWWW !! Scarification care includes chemical irritation & exfoliation , to encourage the scarring , and it can be pretty painful . Let me tell you , this aloe gel burns MUCH worse than dousing my cuts in alcohol !! I ca n't speak to moisturization , hair gel or sunburn , but this is a big NO for cuts ! Not to mention what everyone else has - definitely not pure aloe vera !
 I was definitely skeptical when I saw a tube of this stuff on the shelf at my local drugstore boldly proclaiming `` 100 % Gel '' -- OF COURSE it 's 100 % GEL -- it 's NOT 100 % Aloe Vera though , obviously !! Secondly , I strongly suggest that anyone considering this product should Google ALL of the other ingredients . You 'll probably wonder , as I did , if this stuff will CAUSE more problems than it CURES ! I pitched my tube out immediately after reading what this other stuff is . One of the ingredients , Diazolidinyl urea , for example , is a KNOWN CARCINOGEN and has been banned in Europe ! Also , although the label boldly proclaims `` NO ALCOHOL '' , you will find that one of the ingredients is INDEED a `` tri-alcohol '' !! You simply can not trust advertising and I will be more wary before buying similar products in the future and will NOT do business with a company like Fruit of the Earth who tries to be so sneaky and borders on dishonesty .
 I assumed 100 % Aloe Vera Gel meant 100 % ALOE VERA . IT IS NOT 100 % ALOE VERA . IT IS ONLY 100 % GEL . IT HAS MANY ADDITIVES . I CONSIDER THIS PURPOSELY MISLEADING . DO N'T YOU ?
 I ordered this thinking by the name and the label it was pure Aloe Vera gel . I plan to return it . Fruit of the Earth ruined a perfectly good product , it is not 100 % aloe vera gel . It has Tetrasodium EDTA , an ingredient Ralph Nader once said he would n't even touch with gloved hands . It is a penetration enhancer that increases the absorption rate of carcinogens , and can be a skin irritant . There is a reason the bottle says not to ingest it and keep out of the reach of children . Leave mother nature alone Fruit of the Earth . Just put a natural preservative in the Aloe gel , that 's all you need . I 'm going to go back to Aubrey Organics.Google `` tetrasodium edta '' and harmful
 What 's the point of buying environmentally friendly products when they are so disposable and in such small packaging ? Buy ONE of these and then buy the eco-friendly Hand Wash Refill 25o !
 While Method is easy on the enviroment , after using this soap a few times I begin to question the ingredients . After a couple of days my hands are dry , red and irritated from this soap . I will be returning mine and would not recomment as a hand soap .
 I love these Method hand soaps but this does not smell anything like Pink Grapefruit at all ... prefer the Green Tea .
 Do n't buy . the container its smaller than half of a finger . and gave my mother itching in the skin . its not what you expect please do not waste your money
 When you read the product description it says that it helps reduce the `` appearance '' of under eye darkness , that must be mostly due to the slight color of the cream which makes it act like a concealer . So do n't be fooled it never says that it will actually diminish those dark circles . I have been using this product for over 6 weeks now and have not noticed any lightening of my under eye darkness . Very dissapointed .
 I normally like to buy items that are all natural -LRB- no tints -RRB- . But I wanted to go on the cheaper end to found this item to fight fine lines as well moisturize and protect . This eye cream does n't absorb as well as I had hoped . Also , it has a little tint , that minimally helps to cover up under eye circles . The downside to this cream is sometimes during warmer weather , it will bunch up and leave behind creases beneath your eyes . To me , it 's a light weight under eye concealer -LRB- try to use a primer first -RRB- . All in all , the best product I have used so far is `` Clinique Repairwear Intensive Eye Cream . '' I will not give up looking for the best eye cream for the best price . Let me know if you have any suggestions . And the search continues !
 I 've almost finished my jar and have not noticed any difference other than the sparkly effect of the silica particles -LRB- which I do n't care for - they 're not `` brightening '' they 're more like glittery and can really irritate your eyes if you 're not super careful -RRB- . This cream was a total waste of money and time . It did absolutely nothing for the dark undereye circles I 've recently developed and I did n't notice any diminishing effect on the fine lines around my eyes . None at all .
 I had high hopes for this product considering the company 's reputation . Unfortunately my skin did not like it and I developed a rash that turned my skin red and dried it out . So I 'm back to using the Nivea eye cream for men .
 This product was as effective at clearing away dark circles as a drunken bar fight would be . I read the reviews myself and saw a few allergy related issues . Funny I never have allergies to anything yet 36 hours after I first used this product I got a huge puffy eye . Nobody noticed the dark circles anymore but it took 4 days for the swelling to go down . I would n't usually be so cruel in a review but I should have listened to other people when they talked about having allergy issues with this product . It 's awful and a waste of money .
 am 42 and beginning to develop lines below eyes . Olay 's eye creamhas no dramatic effect but cheap enough for anyone to try .
 I 've used this product for eight weeks now and see absolutely no difference in eye area appearance . I 've again asked friends if they even notice , and get the same answer ... NO !! There is silica microbeads or something like that in it and you have to be extremely careful not to get this product too close to your eyes as those little beads can get into your eyes and cause irritation . Infortunately this product does n't `` disappear '' and if your not careful , it can look like a makeup coverup ... eeeeeewwwwww .
 This product did not work a advertised . Used it or a month with no changes in under eye puffiness .
 I just bought this eye cream after reading the great reviews about it . I have to admit I am disappointed . The cream has tiny bits of silica , which gives it a sheen to skin when applied . I guess that is supposed to be part of the effect , but I ca n't see how silica helps improve the skin as it is only a cosmetic fix . This does n't do anything for night usage . Since I wear contact lenses , it is a disappointment as it can go into my eyes and cause irritation . I was hoping that this product would improve my skin as opposed to being just like `` makeup '' .
 I 'm not sure I 've made up my mind about it . It seems to work alright
 I have been using this product for weeks and feel that it does nothing . I see no difference in my skin whatsoever . I really like Olay Products and use several of them but this product adds no value to my daily beauty regimen .
 My scalp itched terriby after using . I must be allergic to something in the shampoo & wish I had not ordered it .
 I have use Spark Seduction by Liz Claiborne before and this particular one I bought on Amazone was not original as advertise . I 'm not happy , money wasted !
 The moisturizer did not do much for my skin but it 's not greasy . I have better result with the cheaper olay moisturizer . The pump seems convenient but you can only use about 2/3 of the content since 1/3 of the cream sticks to the side and could n't be pumped out . I prefer the jar so you can get all the cream . To avoid contamination use a Q-tip or a tiny spatula -LRB- like those in Chanel skin care products -RRB- .
 I bought this when my hair started falling out during hormonal issues . I dont know if it was because of my hormones that it did not work , or if its just a faulty product . this didnt work for my hair ... and it burned my scalp every time i used it . It also smells terrible . Wish I could get a full refund !
 When I buy something that says `` chemical free '' I expect it to be that . It did contain chemicals . Since I am very sensitive to chemicals I felt betrayed .
 I ordered this flat iron with high hopes . I have a Hot Tools curling iron that I LOVE , so I figured this was a no brainer when my old flat iron kicked the bucket . Unfortunately , I was not impressed . It arrived from Amazon in the box - but the box was covered with a thick layer of dust , like it had been sitting on a shelf for 15 years . I tried to ignore that trivial fact & continued to test out my new flat iron . Here are my observations :1 -RRB- It is big & clunky . I wanted a 1.5 or 2 '' flat iron , so I wanted big - but because this is an older model , it is just too big & awkward to use . It reminded me of my old crimper from 1989.2 -RRB- It feels cheap & like it could fall apart very easily . I do n't know about you , but my flat iron is something that is often an unfortunate victim to being dropped on the bathroom floor . I am not too sure this Hot Tools flat iron would make it .3 -RRB- It must not be good for thinner hair . I read almost every review on here & most of them are glowing reviews . I noticed a trend that most of the good reviews mentioned they have thick hair . So , in conclusion , I have figured out my unhappiness with it must have something to do with my not-thick hair . It really just did n't work well . My hair did not look nearly as smooth as expected . In fact , it almost looked as if I did n't even use a flat iron .4 -RRB- It made a peculiar buzzing sound when turned on . I do n't know if they all do that , or if I was just blessed with a special one . But it sounded like it may just unexpectedly blow up.So , after faithfully trying out this flat iron for a week , I ended up falling back on my old one that perished . I drove myself to Target & bought the Remington Wet to Dry , & I love it .
 My last Hot Tools flat iron lasted for 15 YEARS of professional use . So , when it finally died recently I did n't hesitate to buy another . But , like everything else they do n't make them like they used to . On about the tenth use , I turned it on to heat up and it made a popping sound , started to smoke and the handle melted . I had owned it for 35 days , -LRB- five days past Amazon 's return policy -RRB- so I ca n't return it . I 'm stuck sending it back to the manufacturer and paying shipping both ways . Boo !
 This is a terrible straightener . It causes extreme breakage , it burns your hair off , your hair lacks movement -LRB- frozen -RRB- even the wind ca n't blow out your hair , and your hair becomes frizzy in a matter of minutes . I do n't recommend this product for African Americans with virgin hair .
 It didnt work ! Upon first use out of the box it barely heated up twenty minutes later on highest setting . Ugh .
 Pulls hair ! I used to have one many years back and it seems like the old one -LRB- which was pretty banged up -RRB- worked better than the new one !
 It said it fits most hairdryers , but did not fit either of the ones in my home . I returned it .
 I used the brand before and it 's good for me though not as good as the Shiseido . I needed the cream for dry and very dry skin . For what this new one claimed , I thought it right for me . But it turned out I wanted to throw it away , feeling so bad that I paid for nothing ! Oddly it 's the first one I used labeled ` Allergy Tested ' and it 's the first one caused itchy or allergy like reaction to me and it made my skin even drier after using it . Terrible !
 I purchased both the intensive therapy and ridge filling foundation , used both together , and it bonded my soft , badly peeling nails back together . But only for about a day and a half , then the tips of my nails chipped off , polish and nail together ! I also wash my hands , a lot , which is probably why the nails are so bad to begin with ! I am wearing them by themselves , and they are not yellowing either . Formaldehyde is considered one of the toxic three , and has been removed from most popular polishes sold in this country . Many of the studies done identified it as a carcinogen that is harmful when inhaled by form . Here is a list of ingredients in this product
 product was not actually a boar bristle brush , bristles are plastic like something you would find in a dollar store .
 I purchased the big one . . disappointed ... . the handle is way to small I just does not understand ... usually italian products are well made ... not this . I am italian and will write to the company .
 Did not like at all -- bristles are too soft to use in my hair -- and not an inexpensive brush . I will not use this .
 Unfortunately , the brush I received was not the same quality as the brush I was trying to replace . They were the exact same brand & model number -LRB- printed on the brush handle -RRB- , but when I used this one the first and only time , the bristles were not as stiff as the ones on the one I already had , and in turn , it made my hair too `` static-y '' to control.In my attempt to return the brush , I contacted the seller . Though the return policy loosely defines that beauty products can only be returned in new condition , I was extremely disappointed that the seller would not honor a refund to an unhappy customer , because the item I received was not the item I thought I had ordered . Had this been a direct Amazon sale , based on what I 've experienced with their return policy , they would have taken it back , no questions asked ... along with a host of other companies/stores with amazing customer service , who value making their customers happy to ensure their continued patronage .
 Ok , buyers beware ... what you get is not what 's shown in the picture . The bristles fall out after one use , AND in the picture the brush is shown with rows and rows of bristles , not what you actually get . DO NOT BUY
 It is not what we wanted ... Description did not say it was bristles all around ... If a picture of backside of brush or it would have said round brush we would have looked further ...
 To me , this was quite useless , I mean , when I put on nailpolish i 'd rather fix it with a cotton bud than waste my money on something like this , it 's just not necessary .
 I have worn this perfume for years and have ordered is several times on Amazon . The bottle I received was very foul smelling and not what I ordered . I advised Amazon of this and per their procedure you can not send the item back but they still refunded me the money , a stand up thing to do . I will continue to order from Amazon just not this perfume .
 I ordered this perfume for my grandmother , and of course , the spray does not work , and the item is not refundable . Shame on the vendor . Will never order anything again .
 I love this perfume , however the sprayer did n't work ... do n't think I 'll be ordering from this company again
 I was thrilled to find that Amazon carried this very hard to find fragrance , so I rushed to order it . When it arrived , I noticed that the protective plastic wrapping surrounding the outer box was missing . Never a good sign . I opened the box and noticed the color of the perfume was very dark , as opposed to its caramel color . As it turned out , the perfume had turned rancid as it seems that it was exposed to air -LRB- probably sitting on the shelf too long -RRB- . I phoned Amazon and ass told that perfume is an itmem that can not be returned , but when I explained how dissatisfied I was with the product , customer service offered , and refunded , my entire purchase price as well as shipping . I disposed of the perfume and sadly , will now have to find another ` signature ' fragrance . Too bad because it was wonderful .
 This is the 2nd and last time I order from this place ! Both times we received the product and it does n't work -LRB- the spray/pump -RRB- . What a joke , a full bottle of perfume and no way to apply it .
 Sprayer on the perfume bottle does n't work . I sent an email to the vendor requesting replacement or return and refund at no cost due to defective product and received no reply . Ripped off and now question the quality of the product and definitely the quality/integrity of the vendor .
 When we received the package and opened it , we found the bottle of perfume had leaked badly . Not only was the most expensive item in the package nearly gone , it had contaminated the other item.I 'll be DAMNED if I ever order anything from these scumbags again !
 I have been wearing this perfume for 10 + years and ordered from Amazon for the first time and it was horrible smelling . I wish I had paid more attention to the other reviews for this product before ordering it . Amazon did make it right by refunding my money since I am a very good customer and I will continue to be because they did take care of the problem . But , like others , I will not order this perfume again from Amazon , which is too bad because it would have made it more convenient if I could . : -LRB-
 I wore this fragrance in the 90 's . I decided I wanted to start wearing it again . I ordered it from Amazon , and received the product only a few days after ordering . When I opened the package , the cellophane wrap was missing from the box - red flag - then the box was slightly damaged - another red flag . When I spritzed some on my wrist - EEEEWWW it was so disgusting ! Not the Il Bacio I know and love . It had probably been sitting on the shelf for quite sometime . Bleh . I was upset when I read that I could not return it for a refund - so I contacted customer chat . The service agent was very professional and courteous . He apologized for the bad product , and told me that I should expect a full refund for my purchase . He then told me that since Amazon will not accept returns on Beauty Products , I can dispose of the perfume in any manner I choose . Pretty darn awesome ! I recommend Amazon for all your Internet purchases !! **** for Amazon!PS . The stinky rancid Il Bacio is now resting in the trash can outside ! : D
 I bought these based on the good reviews . I have an eye problem and need to limit the chance of infection as much as possible , so I thought it would be a good idea to buy disposable eye shadow applicators -- use once and throw away , far less risk of infection and bacteria growing on an old applicator . However , these applicators are WAY too hard . Even when I used them gently to spread eye shadow on my eyes they hurt . Part of my problem is scarring on my eyelid , so that may have contributed to it , but even so , I felt they were way too harsh . Furthermore , they could not for the life of them grab the eyes hadow and then transfer it to my eyes . The makeup would stay on the applicator , no matter how much I put on it . I also did n't like the scoop , because all of the eye shadow would go into the scoop and then , again , would not make it to my eyelid . I would not recommend this product for use on delicate eyelids , but it probably has other uses that I will explore now that I have so many of them .
 Overpriced and did not apply well for me and it also was not long lasting -LRB- smudged off too easily -RRB- . I have very sparse brows so I basically have to pencil my entire brow on . The color was not good either . I like a taupe brown . Lumene Eyebrow Graphics is my favorite still in Grey Brown . However , they no longer make it so you have to find it on Ebay -LRB- which I did -RRB- .
 I bought this product based on me having used other MD Formulations products including the Basic Facial Cleanser and loving the way my skin looks ; however when I used this Sensitive Skin Formula I got a very bad reaction . My face broke out with bumps on my cheeks and forehead -LRB- a bad case of cosmetic contact dermatitis -RRB- . My face felt and looked like it was small bubble wrap . I am sure that this is a wonderful product based on my previous use of other MD Formulations but definitely not for me . Needless to say I returned the product . Since that experience , I purchased the MD Formulations Basic Facial Cleanser and have not had a reaction . With having said that , I believe that there were some botanical ingredient -LRB- s -RRB- in the Sensitive Skin Formula that I had the reaction to . I would not hesitate to purchase this or any MD Formualtions product but if your skin easily reacts to certain ingredients like botanicals , please be cautious .
 Please be careful . My wife used this product and received a severe facial chemical burn . Consult a doctor before using .
 Claims results in 14 days . I 've been using this product for over 2 months . It has not evened my skin tone nor has it reduced fine lines . Instead , my forehead has been breaking out way more than before . And to agree with other reviews I saw on neutrogena 's website , it would appear that using this product under your eyes actually creates lines , instead of erasing them .
 If you look up each ingredient in this product you will learn that all are sunscreen ingredients . There are no ingredients that claim to reduce wrinkles only those that prevent future wrinkles caused by sun exposure.I have been using this product along w / the Healty Skin Rejuvenator for about one month , and have not noticed any visible differences in the condition of my skin.If you are looking for a facial sunscreen this would be the product for you , but if you are looking for a product to reduce the appearance of wrinkles , I suggest that you look elsewhere . I am going to do the same ...
 I was so excited about receiving this product . The soap pump works just fine , but the lotion pump never popped up so I have to unscrew it every time I want to use it . I 'm disappointed . I thought about sending it back , but I did n't want to wait for a new one .
 The product was not what I expected.I bought a Hugo Boss ` s perfume , but the smell was totally different from the original , that I usually to buy ... It ` s fake.I hated the smell .
 ME PARECE YA UN ABUSO Y FALTA DE IRRESPONSABILIDAD EL HECHO DE QUE POR SEGUNDA VEZ HAGA UN PEDIDO DE 3 PERFUMES Y ME MANDEN 2 JUNTOS Y OTRO POR SEPARADO . NECESITO QUE ME CANCELEN ESTA ORDEN POR FAVOR . GRACIAS
 Aveda sells this same product , same size for $ 20 . Do not buy on Amazon !!!!!! There is no reason to charge this much when the manufacturers own website charges a third less .
 The product was not what I expected.I bought a Hugo Boss ` s perfume , but the smell was totally different from the original , that I usually to buy ... It ` s fake.I hated the smell .
 ME PARECE YA UN ABUSO Y FALTA DE IRRESPONSABILIDAD EL HECHO DE QUE POR SEGUNDA VEZ HAGA UN PEDIDO DE 3 PERFUMES Y ME MANDEN 2 JUNTOS Y OTRO POR SEPARADO . NECESITO QUE ME CANCELEN ESTA ORDEN POR FAVOR . GRACIAS
 Aveda sells this same product , same size for $ 20 . Do not buy on Amazon !!!!!! There is no reason to charge this much when the manufacturers own website charges a third less .
 EWWW EWWW GET IT OFF GET IT OFF !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! OMIGOD I loved Hugo so much I 've been anticipating this in the mail and bought the shower gel from a different source as well.This is just terrible . I 'm taking a shower . Look for my posting of this CHEAP ... I 've already taken a loss.I have reviewed many colognes , take a look at them . I like most of them !
 DONT USE THIS FLAT IRON . ITS HORRIBLE , IT DOESNT GET THAT HOT , IT DOESNT STRAIGHTEN YOUR HAIR AT ALL , AND IT TAKES FOREVER TO HEAT UP . I HAD TO FLAT IRON MY HAIR AND USE THIS HOT COMB AND MY HAIR STILL WASNT STRAIGHT . DONT USE IT , IT SUCKS ITS A HORRIBLE FLAT IRON .
 It works fine as a moisturizing cream , but it 's not particularly `` calming '' to the skin . It 's no better than buying any other quality skin cream . My skin still itches .
 I have a 3 year old son with severe eczema . Because he tends to itch and scratch , I thought I 'd try this cream to relieve his itchiness . Every time I 've put it on him , he cries and tells me it burns . -LRB- Does n't matter if he 's broken out or not . -RRB- I took it to work and gave to a friend to try on her 5 year old daughter , and she reported the same results . So I am surprised to see all the positive reviews given our poor results on 2 unrelated children.In my book , stay away !
 The seller I purchased this from sold it as new yet it came without packaging & unsealed . I did n't use it because I could n't trust it had n't already been used . I have not replaced that one with another yet . So really ... I ca n't share good or bad on the product itself .
 I bought Inner Grace after smelling it on someone else and loved it , but she told me all the Grace lines smelled good . This one smelled like old rancid perfume or lipstick . It was awful . Inner Grace smells a lot like Sarah Jessica Parker 's Lovely , but cheaper , Amazing Graze , it 's just bad .
 Like I said this is the only cologne I wear period , but I had to give it a low 2stars because I order two bottles and one bottle had a leak in it so I never really got to use it , but other than that greatest cologne to me ever .
 Cologne does not smell like the usual Jordan cologne I have purchased the last few years . It smells more like cleaning solution . It is a rip-off that we can not return these kinds of items . The `` cologne '' could have been filled with just water , and I would not get a refund.What is strange is I have bought this product before in the past and it smelled just fine . I 'm guessing their supplier must have changed .
 I have tried many L'Occitane products and this was the first disappointment it does nothing for the hair except when left on but it only acts as an overpriced gel .
 I initially liked that the dryer was small and lightweight ; however , after very few uses the handle broke open and I was left holding a handful of wiring . To make matters worse , this seller has ignored both my email request for help and the one Amazon forwarded to them . Buy another brand from another seller !
 I bought this for travel and the dual voltage feature . It was OK for that but it did a very slow job of actually drying my hair , which is not quite shoulder length and on the thick side . It 's like it overheats constantly and the speed is automatically reduced , which significantly adds to drying time . It does this regardless of whether I am in Europe or in the US . This did keep working for about 3 years before I just stopped using it , but the performance was far below my expectations for the price . Also there is no heat setting , which is also weird considering the price .
 i bought this product for $ 30.00 so i could do my hair for valentines day well lets just say that was a big mistake my hair looked horrible i looked like a witch it made my hair very frizzy i even sprayed something that they recomended at the beauty store but it didnt help i ended up jumping back in the shower to get my hair back to normal . at first i thought it was my fault that i didnt know how to use it so i decided to try a different brand that was half the price and lets just say i loved the results the waves looked so beautiful so i think you should pass on this one and try a different brand
 I bought this item to do my daughter 's long beautiful hair . It worked great three times , and after that never again did it ever heat up . What a waste of $ 30 !!
 I tried using Garnier Haircolor # 80 , Butternut , on my light brown hair and it did not work at all . My hair color did n't change after using the dye . I guess I 'm glad it did n't turn orange or bright yellow , but it also was a waste of $ 8 and an hour .
 This was the first time I 've colored my hair and my worst hair coloring nightmare was realized . I love my natural hair color but have started getting gray hairs . I tried Garnier on the recommendation of a friend . I chose the light golden brown because it was closest to my natural color . I followed the directions exactly and my hair came out a reddish copper color nothing like `` golden light brown '' more like `` clown copper . '' Really upset and now have to go to salon and pay to hopefully have it fixed . Run away from this product .
 I got a different product of the one I ordered . I contacted by email Unbeatable since December 3rd , but they never got a RA to return the product . Later I got a call from I believe to be customer service asking me for my email to send instructions -LRB- which was weird because in their files they already had it -RRB- . I kept on looking for the email , but never found it.Write them another email , no answer yet.So I am stuck with a product that I do not want.Does anyone wants a bottle of Nirmala by Molinard eau ? Because I wanted Les Feminines Nirmala by Molinard .
 I have bought this lipstick all last year until it was discontinued . After finding it on Amazon I was excited . The truth is this is not even a close color match although it is labeled exactly the same as my old one . The true color is a light pink rose color -LRB- rosewater -RRB- and what I received is a coral . The texture is , however , the same . Was so disappointed in the color .
 Sorry to say , but the product I was sent is a knock-off from the REAL Molinard de Molinard . I will never buy from another dealer , but `` Perfume Emporium '' here in California , which has consistently sent me the REAL Molinard de Molinard . The original Molinard has a fantastic fragrance that everybody comments on , whenever I wear it . Never buy from another perfume store .
 the order I placed was not what I recieved , you can not go by the picture shown , I was looking for cleansingbar with lanolin and did not get it , buyers beware ,
 I have bought this lipstick all last year until it was discontinued . After finding it on Amazon I was excited . The truth is this is not even a close color match although it is labeled exactly the same as my old one . The true color is a light pink rose color -LRB- rosewater -RRB- and what I received is a coral . The texture is , however , the same . Was so disappointed in the color .
 Does n't smell bad but not as good as I thought . Think I ordered the wrong Mont Blanc fragrance . Husband uses it though .
 I just bought this at Target assuming it would be light , moist and creamy like a facial moisturizer , but it is hard and dry -- so much so that to rub it in under your eyes , you have to pull on your skin a little -LRB- the opposite of what an eye cream should be like ! -RRB- The color and brightening elements are nice , but the texture is much too firm -- is this what it 's supposed to be like , or did I just get an old dried-up one ?
 This soap gets one star for the awesome herbal smell . Another star is for the amount of suds the bar produces , with just a couple of swipes . However , after one use my skin was left so itchy that I finally had to get undressed and smother my skin with lotion from head to toe ! My facial skin was so tight that I could see every wrinkle ! Even when applying the soap in the shower it burned my facial skin -LRB- but not body -RRB- and my face was left reddened for hours after application . I do have acne-prone sensitive skin , and think this bar would be more beneficial to normal or oily skin types . I wish the soap would have worked for me , too .
 First off I have very sensitive skin . When a friend recommended this soap to me I thought it would be worth a try . I give it 2 stars because while it definitely cleaned my skin it left it dry , red , and very irritated . It took almost an hour and a lot of moisturizer to get rid of the burning . Aside from that the soap smells absolutely terrible . The best description I can give it is patchouli mixed with every god awful incense you can think of . I 'm just glad I did n't try this stuff after shaving .
 I have bought this lipstick all last year until it was discontinued . After finding it on Amazon I was excited . The truth is this is not even a close color match although it is labeled exactly the same as my old one . The true color is a light pink rose color -LRB- rosewater -RRB- and what I received is a coral . The texture is , however , the same . Was so disappointed in the color .
 was trying to find a shampoo bar to replace basin shampoo bars which are small and expensive . this is ok as soap but it leaves your hair feeling gummy , much like a common bar of ivory which is much less expensive for the same effect
 Although this is a great soap , the lavendar buds end up all over the place -- a bit messy .
 So disappointed in The Body Shop , as they have changed the formulation for the Shea Body Butter . The smell is different and so is the consistency - it 's thinner . I have used this product for over 10 years and it was the only product that kept my skin looking hydrated and young looking . It lasted all day , whereas other products would wear out and I 'd have to reapply . The ingredients on the labels are different .
 Smells good in the container but as soon as I rub it on my skin it has a plastic weird smell to it , I do not recommend this product I was very disappointed .
 I tend to have very dry skin on my arms , and it 's really hard for me to find a moisturizer because I ca n't stand how thick , gunky , and greasy most of them are . I got this product for free as a bonus for purchasing a certain amount at The Body Shop . I would have never bought this for myself , but decided to just use it since it was for free and if I did n't like it I would give it away . One night before bed I applied it to my arms and it was SO thick , so GREASY , the residue it left on my skin was horrible and I felt like none of it even sunk in . It was shocking . I tossed and turned all night and felt so disgusting . I ca n't believe people actually use this stuff ! It 's like applying lipstick to your skin basically . Do not recommend and will definitely give this away to a friend .
 So disappointed in the smell . It does n't smell bad , but it does n't smell good either , and it definitely does not smell like lemon . Blech . Returning it .
 This is too overpowring a fragrance I would like on any cream , lotion . Even my friends started asking what I had applied , cos it gave them a headache ! I 'm not buying this again ever . The moisturising is good though , probably another fragrance would have been good .
 I use to use the Body Shops Coconut Body Butter . Its okay . But I find the price is too high . Your basically paying for big corp. . So now I have found a new coconut butter at Trader Joes . At only 4.99 its fantastic . Smells like cake frosting ! My daughter and I not only use it everyday , but we have to smell it too !! Goodbye Body Shop .
 I was very disapointed in the smell of love body butter , it smells like motor oil . and not like the product scent was discribed to be.I would not recommend this scent to any one .
 Hydrating and loved the hemp oil content BUT was looking for a light fresh scent and instead my nose caught a scent of old oil not fresh n light . Next time will try using the Body Shop Mango or the Hempz lotion which is available on line or at Wallmart . Maybe Mango would be a better smell but was trying to replace the awesome product which is not longer on the market Hemp Hand Protector by Vitamoist as it had an awesome hydrating , calming effect on irritated skin.The Body Shop Hemp Body Butter Regular - 6.75 oz
 I have bought this lipstick all last year until it was discontinued . After finding it on Amazon I was excited . The truth is this is not even a close color match although it is labeled exactly the same as my old one . The true color is a light pink rose color -LRB- rosewater -RRB- and what I received is a coral . The texture is , however , the same . Was so disappointed in the color .
 I bought one of these yesterday at a local store . I ran it through my hair about 7 times and the hinge popped apart , then completely broke in two . I do n't know if this is an isolated incident or not . The iron was doing a great job on straightening my hair , which surprised me because my hair is very thick and coarse . I may take it back and try another one .
 This is my least favorite Curve ever !!! Smells like soap only ! It 's a strong smell and will last a few hours but it 's nothing like the original Curve which none of the newer one 's will ever beat ! Would never buy this again and I have had it for years since I do n't use it much !!! For this price just buy the original or try a different one !
 Kindly do n't buy this . It smells okay and evaporates in less than 10 mins . I ordered after reading all the reviews but i realized now that they did n't help me choose a right product .
 I like the curve product by Liz Cliborn , because it has a good and pleasent fragrence . It is mile with out a loud accent .
 I purchased this after reading the reviews and figured it would smell very nice and somewhat along the line of the original Very Sexy For Him ... . Not ! Although the smell is okay , it is definitely not as nice as the original Sexy in the Black Bottle . I was really disappointed . I strongly suggest spending less and buying the smaller bottle first to insure you are going to like the fragrance , as opposed to buying the larger bottle like I did and be stuck with a frangrance that you really do n't like that much . Oh well , that is the one of the ones that I 'll keep out for my friends to use when they come over !
 The motor on this device makes a lot of noise and barely blows any air . I get much better results using a `` quick dry '' top coat on my polish or if you are really in a hurry , just use your blowdryer .
 I used to buy this or a very similar product with the same mfg and name in a purple tube and I liked it very well for adding height to my fine hair . That does n't seem to be available anymore . This version has a different consistency and does not leave hair as manageable . Gave the bottles I purchased away to friends . Not sure how they liked it .
 I 've always been happy with Kohler products , but was very disappointed with this one . The plumber installing it had to replace both of the valves because the ceramic discs in them were broken . I would have returned it except the plumber already had it installed when we discovered the valves were bad because neither the hot nor cold water would turn off . When he removed the valves , there were broken bits of the discs inside . Had to purchase new valves , and that fixed the problem .
 I JUST this past few days received the MISSING parts that have kept the trim and valve from being installed !!! After 3 phone calls to Kohler , I finally received the missing parts and will try again to have them installed . I hope the parts sent are correct .
 Nexus used to be my favorite hair product brand because they used high quality ingredients that did wonders for my hair . But in the last 3 years they have repeatedly tampered with their formulas to cheapen their products and still charge high prices.I used to love Humectress conditioner . It used to be a rich thick formula that left my hair incredibly hydrated and nourished . Then they changed the formula about three years ago to cheapen it . Now it appears that this year they have cheapened it even worse . It 's just a cheap or mediocre conditioner now , not worth the price they are charging for something that is no longer salon quality.As soon as I tried this recent version it gave me an huge rash on my neck . I could n't figure where the rash came from because I stopped using it for several months -LRB- despite buying the 33 ounce bottle -RRB- because it was no longer a great conditioner . When I tried it again to use up the bottle , the rash re-appeared . Rashes are individual , not everyone will react the same way , but it was obvious to me that cheapening of the ingredients has consequences in quality beyond just not making it worth the cost.Google all the complaints on the internet for more info . Basically they have kept the same names on their products but completely changed the ingredients , misleading customers , into believing it 's the same product . None of their products are the same as they were 3 years ago . It 's basically either crap or mediocre stuff pretending to be what it used to be.Many of the reviews on Amazon are from BEFORE Nexus started selling mediocre products in place of the wonderful stuff they used to produce .
 Much to my dismay , this product did not work at all . In fact , my puffy under-eye bags appear worse than ever.Cellex-C Under Eye Toning Gel , Reduces Dark Circles & Puffiness , 10 ml
 I 've suffered with dark circles under my eyes for a LONG time . I have basically every factor that can go into dark circles
 I have been using about two weeks . Directions are poor , does n't say how much to use or how often . My wife says my eyes look worse , more puffy , but I ca n't tell one way or the other since it was her idea to buy this because I never really paid much attention or cared . I 'll keep using it until it 's gone . Who knows maybe a miracle will happen by the time I get to the end of the bottle , but I sort of doubt this.An interesting aside ... a friend told me he has been using Preparation H for years to reduce the puffiness under his eyes and he swears by it . I 'm not making this up ...
 Firstly , I 'll give the product its props and convey that it is definitely a handsome bag . Its design is terrific as well . So , if you want to sit at home and admire it , you 're all set . In contrast , my travels called for the item to actually be used . Set off on an extended trip with this item in tow and it lasted less than 60 days before the leather hanging strap on the end snapped at the rivet and the stitching on one of the two zippers came undone . As a result , I had to wrap a bungee cord around it to keep everything from falling out and really did n't use the zippers anymore because it was easier to reach straight in through the eight inch gap in the side .
 I bought this only a few weeks ago and after using it for 5 or 6 times , I see rust spots already appearing all around the edges of the frame . Too bad that it rust otherwise it would been a good warmer cabinet .
 This product says it does not clog pores and is oil free . It clogged my pores really bad and it did not help my wrinkles . Switching to something else . I used this for atleast 8 months . Way more than I should have but I must have been using it for the spf protection alone since it did nothing else . It did have that nice olay smell .
 Was disappointed that jar was only half full , I actually removed and weighed product , contained almost 2.5 oz , not 4 oz . Advertised as ` unscented ' , when using it has a heavy rose oil fragrance that hangs on , does n't really rub it and for dry skin it just does n't work well .
 I just got this yesterday so this morning I was so excited to try it . Oh my gosh ... My hair feels horrible . I could n't run my fingers through it at all . It pulled on my hair , made it crunchy . I had to put it up because I could n't bear to feel it throughout the day . It feel almost as if there is glue in my hair , all over . There is no way to get a comb through this . I thought it was going to make my hair soft . No , this is not that product . I will be returning it as soon as I can .
 I really like how my nails look and feel after I use this treatment . I find I get the best results by removing my polish and using this nail balsam 2 or 3 times a day on the days that I do n't work . I am a nurse , so my hands are in soap and water or alcohol based cleansers repeatedly on work days and my nails are in deplorable condition . I am endlessly searching for something to stop them from tearing and peeling . This product seems to help to moisturize them on the days that I do n't work . I am still searching for a good strengthener/protector to wear on work days to protect my fragile nails . ** Edited Jan 28 , 2013 ** it was a short love affair . This product was nice for a few weeks , then my cuticles were becoming more and more dry . I finally found that my cuticles were better on the days I forgot to use this product . I have moved on to another product .
 Last winter I realized that my nails might have been peeling and soft most of my life because they were dry . I 've tried many products and thought I was doomed , but last winter I started to rub an eye cream that I 'd purchased long ago into the nail and the cuticle . Kind of buffed the surface also . Figured that I did n't have anything to lose . Made a huge positive difference ! Also my husband has been annoyed that a particular nail he needs for playing the guitar keeps chipping and splitting . So i searched for a fingernail moisturizer for both of us and was surprised to find such a thing . Unfortunately the Trind did n't did n't work for my spouse , and the jury is still out on me as i ca n't give up my eye cream trick -LRB- DHC was better than Estee Lauder -RRB- . Have been using the Butter London polish occasionally as well ... . Will let you know later if this works well for me in the future .
 I did not buy it from Amazon . I tried to , but the seller was out of stock . So I looked elsewhere online , and was able to find it . I 'm sorry I did . My nails felt HORRIBLE after applying this balsam . My nails felt more dry and brittle after applying it . So much so , that a couple of my nails literally broke off at the tips shortly after applying . And I did NOT break them . My nails had this `` weird '' feeling , almost as though this stuff drained the life out them , and were terribly dry . NO moisture at all . It seemed to do the exact opposite of what it was suppose to do . But to be fair , I bought another brand at another beauty store , and my nails felt the same way . So in reality , the nail balsam 's dry your nails MORE ! At least it 's what it did to mine . My high hopes were shredded . I hope others have better results , but for me , I 'm tossing this stuff .
 the quality of this product is poor . I 've tried so far 3 colors & none gave me a good definition . It does not glide easily & gives you a dirty line . the lead breaks easily even if I keep it very short . One pencil hardly lasted 2 weeks because you keep on throwing the unused broken pieces of lead . It 's not worth buying
 Upon receiving this product , I sadly found the bottle to be in a million small pieces with obviously no perfume . I am still waiting to be reimbursed , after waiting a month without correspondance to inform me of what is going on . A huge disappointment all the way around !!!
 This hair drier worked wonderfully for the first few weeks . Then it started falling apart . The cord began working loose from the plug and the non-standard screws made that impossible to fix -LRB- not that you 're legally allowed to do that -RRB- . It is a heavy unit and its long cord was even heavier so it would drag itself off the counter with stunning regularity , threatening safety of toes and eventually breaking the rear filter cap . Within a few months it also developed an incessant and annoying whine -LRB- perhaps also from the falls -RRB- . It does dry hair fast and shiny , if you can keep it from suicide jumping from the counter . Too expensive for shoddy workmanship .
 While I 've never used this particular product , I 've been using pureology loyally for many years . This item is clearly fake . Comparing the bottle to other , salon purchased , pureology products I own , it could n't be more obvious . The font is off , the trademark marking is in the wrong place , eccetera . I have n't used it , so I ca n't attest to the quality of this imposter goo
 I purchased this product after reading the 5 star `` stellar '' reviews . I have been looking for something to handle `` fly away & frizz '' . I have hair wavy hair , medium length -LRB- 2 inches past shoulders -RRB- that frizzes in the humidity of Florida . I used this product according to the directions , as well as other ways to see if I could get it to tame the frizzies . In the end , I found I needed to section off my hair & use ALOT of the product -LRB- anywhere from 8 - 12 squirts -RRB- . I also needed to style it with an iron -LRB- which actually helps frizz as those of you may know -RRB- in order for this to be effective -LRB- which was average effectiveness compared to using others on the market -RRB- . Therefore , it seems for my type of hair -LRB- as well as length -RRB- , this product does not work well . I may work best for people with short hair ?
 I used to LOVE Mychelle , and regularly used all kinds of their products . This hand cream was my holy grail hand cream , and I have tried LOTS of brands , especially those skewing toward the natural end of the bodycare spectrum . The naturally-sourced fragrance of this cream was divine . The ingredients were far superior to those used in most other nitpicky natural brands . And the texture was perfect . Most important of all , it worked well and lasted a long time . With the recent reformulation and repackaging at Mychelle , it seems like a good number of their products are less effective and have far more troubling ingredients than the previous versions . You ca n't read the whole ingredient list here in the Amazon writeup , so I 'll paste this new -LRB- current -RRB- formula here : --------------------------------------- Aqua -LRB- water -RRB- , caprylic/capric triglyceride -LRB- coconut -RRB- ** , stearic acid -LRB- vegetable -RRB- , glyceryl stearate -LRB- vegetable -RRB- ** , glycerin -LRB- vegetable -RRB- * , olea europaea -LRB- olive -RRB- fruit oil * , polysorbate 60 , coco-caprylate/caprate -LRB- coconut -RRB- , cetearyl alcohol -LRB- coconut -RRB- ** , cetearyl glucoside -LRB- coconut -RRB- ** , salicylic acid , cetyl alcohol -LRB- coconut -RRB- ** , xanthan gum -LRB- fermented sugar -RRB- , dicaprylyl ether -LRB- coconut -RRB- , astaxanthin -LRB- BioAstin -RRB- , cucurbita pepo -LRB- pumpkin -RRB- seed oil * , elaeis guineensis -LRB- palm -RRB- oil -LRB- Tocomin -RRB- , tocotrienols , tocopherol -LRB- d-alpha -RRB- , camellia sinensis -LRB- green tea -RRB- leaf extract * , vitis vinifera -LRB- grape -RRB- seed extract , prunus amygdalus dulcis -LRB- sweet almond -RRB- oil , citrus aurantium dulcis -LRB- sweet orange -RRB- oil * , salvia sclarea -LRB- clary -RRB- oil , pelargonium graveolens -LRB- geranium -RRB- flower oil , pogostemon cablin -LRB- patchouli -RRB- oil , fusanus spicatus -LRB- australian sandalwood -RRB- oil * , aloe barbadensis leaf juice powder * , retinol , fructooligosaccharides -LRB- d-beta -RRB- -LRB- NutraFlora -RRB- , citric acid , potassium sorbate , phenethyl alcohol -LRB- rose -RRB- , caprylyl glycol -LRB- coconut -RRB- , alcohol denatured , chlorophyll -LRB- l -RRB- , trisodium ethylenediamine disuccinate -LRB- green and biodegradable -RRB- , polysorbate 20 . * NOP Certified Organic ** ECOCERT Certified --------------------------------------- Maybe you check products or ingredients on the EWG SkinDeep database for safety and toxicity concerns , like me . Either way , I just want to call people 's attention to the change in formula . On the whole , Mychelle is still leagues beyond average drugstore products -LRB- ingredients-wise , ethics-wise , and probably even in how well it works -RRB- , but it 's so disappointing that one of the great companies to look to for natural formulations is apparently lowering their standards . This choice of preservatives bothers me , especially since natural and safe alternatives exist that are plenty effective and are used all the time in other `` natural '' brands . I think Mychelle is probably aiming to guarantee a longer shelf-life , but I 'd far prefer buying a safer formula more often . And the scent has changed too -- gone is the warm sandalwood scent -LRB- which could have to do with sourcing difficulties for Indian Sandalwood -RRB- . It 's still a bit spicy-patchouli in scent but not nearly so delicious as before.Essentially , though , you might not care one bit about what I perceive as the negatives here , since it is fundamentally still a decent hand cream by most people 's standards . I 'm just comparing it to a now-discontinued version that made me happy , smelled heavenly , had super-ideal ingredients , and worked really , really well.OK , now I 'm gon na go find a support group to get over this . Life must go on , but how ?
 This is such a great moisturizer , but everyone now knows the dangers of parabens , and this product is full of them . Would n't have purchased if I had an opportunity to see the ingredients ahead of time . I am truly hopeful that this company will re-make this product without the parabens or other dangerous chemicals .
 Why do companies up and change products that were terrific in the first place ? Why mess with perfection ? Back in the day -LRB- re
 Well , I have been fooled a few times by reviews on Amazon and this happened to be another . The reviews mention a good citrus scent , good cleaning and hydrating power with an economical price . Upon getting the bottle , I opened it up to try the stuff and was unpleasantly surprised . First off , the citrus smell is more a floral vomit citrus smell . I decided to push through it but five days later I found that the smell went from that to a very rancid version of it . I could not believe it , how could this go from bad to worse ? Well , it did . Stay away !
 I have used other Alba products and have really enjoyed them but this was nowhere near as good as the others . It does n't lather and it does n't smell like lavender ... If you want a better lavender scent , try avalon organics .
 I did not have a good experience with this product . It smells good but I used it -LRB- sparingly -RRB- in the bath and experienced sensitivity/irritation from it -LRB- feminine region -RRB- . I ca n't use drugstore brands like Olay , Softsoap , etc. . . I normally use Body Shop , Neutrogena , and Bath & Body Works and never have problems . I incorrectly assumed Alba products would be more along those lines . Beware if you have sensitivity issues with bath & shower gel and body wash .
 I agree with the other reviewers in that this product used to have a light , wonderful lavender scent . Now it has more of a Pine-Sol cleaning smell scent to it , and it smells more like Rosemary than Lavender . : -LRB-
 This was a household standby for easily ten years . Recently , I purchased 5 bottles only to find that the scent has changed from a natural , lovely fragrance of lavender to a pungent , chemically odor . I would never recommend this product to anyone again unless they have no sense of smell .
 I have ordered this product for years and this is the first time the product was rotten . I do n't know if the natural lavender botanicals were spoiled , but the shower gel smelled only of chemicals - and a disgusting combination of those . I could n't use the product and threw away large quantities of it . I will never order it again .
 This bath & shower `` gel '' was completely watered down . I estimate that it was 25-50 % original gel and 50-75 % water . I should have known when I saw that this came from a 3rd party vendor instead of the actual manufacturers with Amazon Prime guarantee . When I invert the bottle , the contents squirt out all over the place and do not have a gelatinous consistency as I -LRB- and most people -RRB- would expect . This a complete rip off , and I will never purchase from them again !
 I am not kidding . It smells so bad it makes me wonder what bad stuff is in it . I will finish this bottle but will not buy again .
 I 've been buying the Citrus for years . I tried the Honey Mango and almost vomited from the chemicals in it . I could n't wash off the stench for an entire day . I believe they must have outsourced to China and are now poisoning this population with chemicals . I will never buy any Alba products again -- and I 've spent many hundreds over the years .
 According to the tracking information i recieved this item but i actually did not . The supplier should consider sending via FedEx or DHL so the delivery has to be signed for . This would make someone accountable should the customer not recieve their goods .
 Well , I have been fooled a few times by reviews on Amazon and this happened to be another . The reviews mention a good citrus scent , good cleaning and hydrating power with an economical price . Upon getting the bottle , I opened it up to try the stuff and was unpleasantly surprised . First off , the citrus smell is more a floral vomit citrus smell . I decided to push through it but five days later I found that the smell went from that to a very rancid version of it . I could not believe it , how could this go from bad to worse ? Well , it did . Stay away !
 I have used other Alba products and have really enjoyed them but this was nowhere near as good as the others . It does n't lather and it does n't smell like lavender ... If you want a better lavender scent , try avalon organics .
 I did not have a good experience with this product . It smells good but I used it -LRB- sparingly -RRB- in the bath and experienced sensitivity/irritation from it -LRB- feminine region -RRB- . I ca n't use drugstore brands like Olay , Softsoap , etc. . . I normally use Body Shop , Neutrogena , and Bath & Body Works and never have problems . I incorrectly assumed Alba products would be more along those lines . Beware if you have sensitivity issues with bath & shower gel and body wash .
 I agree with the other reviewers in that this product used to have a light , wonderful lavender scent . Now it has more of a Pine-Sol cleaning smell scent to it , and it smells more like Rosemary than Lavender . : -LRB-
 This was a household standby for easily ten years . Recently , I purchased 5 bottles only to find that the scent has changed from a natural , lovely fragrance of lavender to a pungent , chemically odor . I would never recommend this product to anyone again unless they have no sense of smell .
 I have ordered this product for years and this is the first time the product was rotten . I do n't know if the natural lavender botanicals were spoiled , but the shower gel smelled only of chemicals - and a disgusting combination of those . I could n't use the product and threw away large quantities of it . I will never order it again .
 This bath & shower `` gel '' was completely watered down . I estimate that it was 25-50 % original gel and 50-75 % water . I should have known when I saw that this came from a 3rd party vendor instead of the actual manufacturers with Amazon Prime guarantee . When I invert the bottle , the contents squirt out all over the place and do not have a gelatinous consistency as I -LRB- and most people -RRB- would expect . This a complete rip off , and I will never purchase from them again !
 I am not kidding . It smells so bad it makes me wonder what bad stuff is in it . I will finish this bottle but will not buy again .
 I 've been buying the Citrus for years . I tried the Honey Mango and almost vomited from the chemicals in it . I could n't wash off the stench for an entire day . I believe they must have outsourced to China and are now poisoning this population with chemicals . I will never buy any Alba products again -- and I 've spent many hundreds over the years .
 Encouraged by the nice reviews about the Wahl 79900 , I was excited to open the package . However , there were short pieces of hair within the clipper set box and in the blades of the clipper itself . This was gross and totally unexpected as it was not supposed to be `` used '' !!
 I have cut my husbands hair for 3 years now . I have always used Wahl products and never have encountered a problem until I bought this item . The trimmer does not align correctly to the main blade and therefore does not make the proper horizontal movement to actually cut the hair . I ended up returning it . The only good thing I can say was that amazon did a great job with delivery time and accepting return/crediting my account . Over all I recommend Amazon ; I do not recommend this product . I would purchase a Wahl product that has the smaller trimmer separately -LRB- not interconnected with the main trimmer . Thank you .
 These clippers are way too loud . I tried to adjust them to no avail . You adjust them to go quiet and they do n't cut . I ca n't take them back so I am going to give them away and buy another set that is NOT WAHL !
 I 've been cutting my husband 's hair for 18 years , with a Wahl . I purchased a new one , 23-Piece , almost a year ago , and while it does cut hair pretty well and all the accessories are there and nicely marked , due to the noise I am giving up on it . It never was very quiet , but now some attachments cause it to make such a loud noise that it 's unbearable . Yes we have tweaked with the screw on the side but to no use .
 How do you make a quality hair cutter for $ 25 ? Answer
 When I opened the package this hair cutter came in , the box was ripped , the trimmer was lying loose with the cord undone and had fingerprints on it , the packages with the accessories were opened and a few of the parts were also lying loose in the box ! I do n't think it 's right to `` recyle '' a used personal care product such as this . Be careful if you order this item .
 This is a good trimmer for someone who is deaf becuase this thing is so fricken loud is louder then a bomb i dont understand how people can put this next the there ears and cut your own hair its impossible , dont buy this look at the price and the amount of returns it has be smart think , i made big mistake buying it , didnt even have a chance to use it coz it was so loud .
 Well the product is not cheap , the product itself is cheap , the cutter shakes when it 's working making unbearable noise . The haircut kit is not strong enough to maintain its shape when I put it against my head . Thus I need to be super careful not to make a mess . It took me half an hour to finish cutting half of my hair and the result is so bad that I would rather be bald . I then turned to my friends cutter which is Panasonic and finish the remaining half in ten minutes . What a rubbish product this is !!
 I thought we 'd upgrade our home clippers and get these since they seemed a little better quality than the ones we already . They did not cut cleanly , I had to go over the same spot many times . These also vibrated so loudly that it hurt my hubby 's hearing and I had to return them .
 Was looking into buying a hair trimmer at a competitive price since my old one has died on me . I looked around on Amazon for what would be a good trimmer based on customer reviews . I read plenty of reviews that reported customers buying NEW trimmers from Amazon but unfortunately , they were receiving USED trimmers . I took the gamble , what are the chances right ? First thing I did when I got the trimmer was look for hair and skin follicles . I am unhappy to say that I found plenty of hair and skin and was actually happy to have received a used trimmer because this will be the last time I buy any home or personal use item from Amazon . I kept the trimmer because I needed it that day , so I just disinfected it . If Amazon only cared enough to sell what they say they sell , they could keep a loyal customer base . They have officially lost a lot of $ $ $ $ from me , and that 's too bad .
 After reading all the reviews and seeing the star ratings , I 'd thought this would be the best hair clipper . However , I was instead very displeased with the product . First of all , the hair clipper is really bulky and heavy . Product dimensions are listed at 4 pounds . Secondly , I had a problem with the attachments . They did not fit sturdy on the clipper and made a rattling noise when it was turned on . Lastly , the whole thing is just way too noisy . I felt like I was about go deaf when cutting near my ear . Despite the many positive reviews , I would really try to avoid this product.I also looked into other hair clippers and bought the Wahl 9655 Rechargeable Clipper . The power is ridiculously weak and stops when the hair gets too thick.I am done with Wahl products . They 're are honestly all very poorly made . Better luck with everyone else 's experience .
 The detail trimmer is of plastic and the mechanism is not of good quality . It does not serve hte purpose of a detail trimmer . i intend to go for hte Wahl 79524-1001 Deluxe Chrome Pro with Multi-Cut Clipper & Trimmer , 27 Pieces
 Cheap trimmer with a lot of extras , but the overall quality of the parts is pretty poor ... The plastic parts for the length adjustment were bent after using them for like 3 times . I would recommand to go for a more expensive product , if you plan to use it regularly ...
 I can not provide a full review of this clipper because Amazon sent me a used one . It was pretty gross to see hair stubs . However repackaged tried their best to make it look new . As for the item , I can not use it . However from observation , there is a broken plastic piece on the lid for the trimmer .
 I 've only used the unit 3 times , and the flip-over trimmer broke when I `` flipped '' it over to attach to the main clipper head . The plastic attachment for the flip over trimmer is supposed to fit over the main head , that cracked in two , and about 8 pieces scattered on the floor . It 's very disappointing . I 'm hoping the rest of the unti will perform for longer , I ca n't seem to find the receipt .
 I got this because I was impressed with everything it came with for such a low price.I used it for the first time today and it is awful . It is so loud !! I had to put duct tape over the trimmer area to keep it from being so loud . My son was scared of the noise so I had to do something . The plastic attachments are junk !! The are so flimsy when you start clipping the hair they bend to the side and do n't stay in place.Seriously the best thing about this whole kit was the cape it came with , worked well keeping my son hair free .
 Hi All , Dont buy this item , as this is made of poor quality Plastic.Its hair trimmer broke after the 2nd use .
 Okay , so these are the loudest clippers I have ever heard . I live in a Marine Barracks and everyone is able to hear the thing all the way down the hall . I had to buy new clippers just a month later because I could n't stand the loud noise coming from these . Save your money and buy a different model . Trust me .
 Pros
 This shampoo smells seriously terrible . I 'm not exaggerating when I say that it smells like a mix between leather , bacon , and a old woodshop . My girlfriend even agreed with me about that . It 's an awful smell . I have tried many different versions of dandruff shampoo and this one does n't work much better than the rest of them . Not enough to make it worth the terrible smell . I threw it away .
 Yuck ... Buy this product if you want to smell like a bon fire all day . I could even smell it after I showered the following day . The smell is very strong .
 I was looking forward to using this shampoo , but what I received in the package is pine tar bath and shower gel ! I do n't think it is worth the trouble of returning this $ 10 item . Amazon , you fullfilled this ordered and I 'm quite dissapointed !
 This shampoo does n't do a thing , in fact it leaves my hair with even more dandruff . It is very oily and leaves my hair greasy looking . Equates ' -LRB- Wal Mart -RRB- version of selsun blue worked much better and it is by far cheaper . I had used this product many years ago and obtained the same results , NONE . Just goes to prove that traditional , home remedies do n't always work out ...
 the blower is not producing the heat expected , I wasted my money . I wont recomended . I plugged in and waited for 20 minutes and was blowing cold air .
 I ordered this hair dryer for camping . The hair dryer did not have enough air to even move my hair . It blew very little cool air , did not even get warm . I ca n't imagine that it would even defrost a windshield any faster than the car 's defroster . Very upsetting because there is n't another portable dryer on the market . The only other thing available is a rechargeable hair dryer that costs about $ 179.00 . I gave it one star because it would not let me rate it with nothing .
 I purchased this hair dryer/defroster for the purpose of defrosting in my mobile windshield repair business . I was disappointed due to the fact that it did not get very warm at all and really did not blow very hard . I also believe that if it were used as a hair dryer , it would take a long time to dry hair .
 My wifes RoadPro 818 died within a month . It started smoking and the switch melted .
 Very disappointed with this item . It does not even blow enough air to move your hair , u would be better off turning on the car heater or a/c . This should not even be compared to a hair dryer or a car heater as described . Do n't waste your money .
 To start things off , the plastic package was half open when I took it out of the shipping box . Then , after the first 5 seconds of the first time using it , smoke started to come out of the back.I got this even after reading the bad reviews because I was n't going to use it as a hair dryer or defroster . So I did n't care , as long as the thing blew air . But it cant even get that right.Don ' t waste your money . I 'm returning this thing immediately .
 Its pretty small compared to normal hair dryers and does n't blow much heat out . I mean the air coming out is pretty hot , but a weak flow of air . It does n't do much as a defroster and it broke the second day I used it . -LRB- Not safe because the wires burnt up and even caught fire for a second on the inside . -RRB- Im telling you do n't buy this .
 the product produces minimum heat and very little air flow . i bought it to help defrost the windshield and it absolutely did not work . i can not imagine the product drying your hair or anything else .
 This dryer puts out a small amount of heat , making it not worth the time and trouble to dry my long hair . I think I should have purchased an inverter that allows a more powerful watt dryer instead . If you have short , thin hair I suppose it would be o.k.
 I could blow air from my mouth harder than this hairdryer blows ... awful . totally worthless . Do not buy or try . It is a total waste
 I gave it one star because I ca n't give it 0 ! It arrived quickly and in good shape , but it never worked ! Tried in 3 different vehicles , running and not , and still nothing . Costs more to ship it back than it did to buy it . So it sits in a box in the corner . Time to recycle !
 Listen to the other reviewers who complained about this item . They were right on the money , and shame on me for buying anyway .
 The product I received came in an opened clamshell package indise a shipping box . When I turned it on there was a burning smell and it had very little power . It was also scuffed and did not have a new shiney finish ! Clearly it had been used !! Inside the warranty advice was not satisafactory , no number to call and basically a brush off!I have never before has a problem with an Amazon product but this has definitely made me thnk twice about ordering again!I had a number of friends waiting to see if they should order the product and clearly they will not due to my experience !!
 When I plugged it in it twitched once and that was it . I opened the plug to check if there was a fuse and found all of the solder joints corroded and the wires broken . I opened the handle to check the switch and found all of the solder joints corroded so badly that the wires were so fradgile that they broke while I was inspecting them . This is the worst example of poor product quality that I have ever experienced . When I contacted RoadPro -LRB- the manufacturer -RRB- the customer service rep said , &#34; sorry about the product , contact Amazon , we do n't warranty the product &#34; !! Stay away from this manufacturer !
 I got this hoping I could dry my very short fine hair while we are in our RV . I could dry it faster using a paper fan . Horrible product .
 works fine if you have 20-30 minutes to waste defrosting your windshield . only practical use is to warm your hands until the car heater begins to kick in .
 I bought to use after swiming at pools . But didnt work as expected , its poor than car 's ventilation with max hot . Not work for the price . . or ca n't get more out of a 12v heater may be . .
 I bought this item because I have a crappy Saturn Ion 2 ! Which came with the &#34; now notorious &#34; no start when its cold problem . I figured out that when you heat up the steering wheel with a legitimate blow drier it starts up much quicker . My problems with this drier are , 1 . It outputs almost no airflow . 2 . When it 's cold outside the air going in cools the heating coil and thus does n't warm . 3 . It actually worsened the problem ! I would n't but this drier as a paper weight much less trying to dry something . I feel as though I must mention that the company selling the product was extremely efficient in getting it to me , so I have no problems with the seller ; -RRB-
 This product is advertised as a Hair Dryer/Defroster . It is not even powerful enough to generate any amount of warm air . It does not perform well as a hair dryer and it certainly does not work as a defroster . I would not recommend buying this product .
 very basic auto-plug drier . one switch . one heat . one air speed . does not get too hot and wind not that strong , but if you 're camping or in the middle of nowhere , it 's certainly better than nothing !
 This thing puts out less force of wind than me exhaling . THAT IS NOT AN EXAGGERATION . The air that crawls out is n't even hot . This is the most worthless product in the universe .
 My defroster went out and i was looking for something to help defrost the windows and i ran across this . It has no heat . i can hold my hand diretly on it and it wont burn .
 It broke 5 seconds after plugging it into the 12v socket in my car . I tried it out in another car , and it was still broken . I wish somebody would design a quality version of this product , because it is a great idea .
 It lacks power it will take ages to defrost anything I 'm afraid . I wonder if there is something out there more powerful .
 As an earlier reviewer mentioned , do n't bother with this product if you have longer hair ! -LRB- Mine is only a few inches long . -RRB- Additionally , do n't expect it to be useful for styling -LRB- with a round brush -RRB- , it does n't get hot enough.It did , however , eventually dry my hair . Next time I 'll just let my hair air dry like I usually do , though , and save the space in my luggage .
 Does not work . Why do I have to write 11 more words to complete this review ? Why oh why oh why ...
 I purchased this thinking it would help my hair after it had been fried by a stylist . The shampoo does n't lather , the conditioner does n't detangle , and the `` shine serum '' leaves your hair feeling greasy enough to fry food in it . Biggest waste of money I have ever spent . Would n't bother with it again for free !
 I got this for my wife & she really hated it . She used it for about a month & had to stop . She said it dried out her hair & the serum made her hair look oily . It also never hid the fly aways which is why I got this for her in the first place . I ended up buying her the Nexxus damage control and she really likes that .
 I bought this trio pack from a Target store . The shampoo and conditioner are fine but the silk drops have been watered down . I buy the silk drops regularly and they have an oily consistency . These `` drops '' poured into my hand like water and even the scent was light as though it were watered down . I ca n't speak for ordering online but I can assure you that when shopping for this product , you should be sure it 's sealed and not tampered with .
 the conditioner was very poor - it felt like it had no slip agent for detangling . after rinsing it out my hair felt dry.the main product , a hair serum , is excellent however .
 Out of all the CHI products I 've tried , these were the least effective as far as the shampoo and conditioner . The silk therapy , however , is pretty nice ... I 've actually seen people use it on their hair as a finishing product and even on the skin .
 This does n't regrow hair at all . But it is a nice shampoo and makes your hair feel thicker .
 I do n't feel like it helps at all . I 've been using it for about a month with no results . Also , the label lies , because the ingredients are FAR from all-natural . It contains methylparaben and sodium lauryl sulfate , both of which are horrible for your skin and hair and have highly detrimental side-effects . I would definitely NOT recommend this .
 I hate the Cre-C shampoo . I bought it , not expecting a miracle , but it did n't even come close to helping me a little bit . I guess my expectations were too high or maybe the hype on this product was just too much ? Either way , this shampoo sucks . Not only was it a waste of money , but I literally hated the way the shampoo felt in my hair and how my hair felt afterwards . I was better off shampooing with actual poo . I want my money back .
 It seems to be working , but I have only used it for about 2 weeks , so it is too soon to say .
 This product came quickly , It is easy to use , it has a nice oder to it , BUT I cant see any change in my hair growth at all in over a month of use , but Im still using it every day hopping thing will start to happpen .
 ive been using for five months following directions perfectly and no results only makes hair feel thicker a little definetly does not work i actually lost more hair using it u see ur hair folling out when u use it horrible dont get it ur better of using any other shampo
 I used it for like 2 months . But my hair started to fall off more , not sure if I was stressed or what , but it freaked me out so I stopped using it . My sister had told me my hair looks thicker and asked what I was doing ? and if I had hair implants or what . . haha . . at that time all I was using was Ovation , and I figured hey if that works this seems more natural and is probably better . My hair thined out and every day I was loosing a lot of hair I do n't know if it was because I stopped using ovation or if it was because of this shampoo . But I 'm afraid to use it now , I know some products your hair falls off at first then grows new one but I ca n't afford to loose my hair if that 's the case . I started to use the ovation again and my har has n't fallen off as much and looks and feels thicker . . I can rub my hair wit my hands and I do n't feel the scalp any more . Has any one had a similar experience ?
 The ingredients are unnatural and are misrepresented . Do n't be fooled by the other comments . This is just an ordinary shampoo with chemicals .
 them promised me a second item for free . lied . only took 50 % off my total . total waste of time . AND the product does not really work .
 I did not like the product . Givenchy had a great product called Xeryus . Then they changed the formula and it was terrible !
 Absolutely not what I expected from them very cheap scent . Previous red and blue labels were nicely done .
 Compre el producto por la publicidad que se le ha dado ; luego de ello me arrepent&iacute; ya que no huele tan bien como lo esperaba.Hubiera preferido haber gastado mi dinero en Hugo Boss o algo asi .
 you can tell they had a good idea with what they wanted to pull off . and every other givenchy scent ive ever smelled , has been at least better than average . pi and pi neo are great IMO.but the desire didnt translate and this fragrance is pretty much a flop . ive had my nose over much worse , but i wouldnt buy this . however , it doesnt smell cheap .
 I bought this without first smelling it based upon a recommendation from someone . The stuff stinks . It smells like rotten coffee poured on someone wearing too much cheap cologne . I threw it away . It is gaggingly bad . I do n't know how they can call this cologne . The bottle is the only thing worth anything .
 Can I review the seller ? Because I never got it or the refund . Not a very honest sell . Amazon should do something about it .
 DO NOT PURCHASE ~ ! I puchased two of these because I liked the style and they were hard to find . My mistake was not reading the reviews first . Oh they look well made & sturdy , however on the FIRST USE with both , the handle snapped ~ ! Yes with virtually mild pressure the handles snapped in two ~ ! You think they would try to keep a customer happy & offer a refund or replacement ? NO , the response I recieved was `` the items were shipped new from the manufacturer '' . I spent $ 18 , if you multiply that times the possible sales thats allot of unhappy ripped off consumers . Read the reviews , do n't buy & save yourself dissappointment & money .
 I have used other types of this style , and know that they can not be used with too much pressure , but the design of this handle is terrible . With first use , the handle snapped under the rubber grip area where the plastic is thin . If that were corrected , this would be a top-notch item . The mesh is thickly applied and covers the end well , the handle is comfortable and with the added &#34; ergo grip &#34; is easier to hang onto when wet and soapy.Since I am unable to use it for a long period of time , I can not speak to whether the thick mesh will stay attached to the handle ; it does seem like it may not be well attached and would &#34; ungather &#34; where it is gathered together .
 After using this body brush only two times , it has begun to unravel . I would advise not buying this product .
 It broke the very first time I used it . Absolutely do not recommend this brush to anyone ! Not worth the money I paid .
 I read the reviews about this product and I was certain the same issue , hair becoming caught in the vent , would not happen to me . I was very wrong.The vent is in a terrible location and after less than 4 uses , even though I consider myself quite capable , the product broke . I spent a long time on the phone trying to get in touch with someone who could replace the product , or refund my money , and I could not . I spent time on the Babyliss website and speaking with people at the Amazon shop where I purchased it , to no avail whatsoever . I ended up throwing the dryer out , and swallowing the losses . I confidently say that I will never purchase another Babyliss product.The entire experience was very unpleasant and frustrating .
 ... but black lint/particles were coming off of the product that I received , so I stopped using it and eventually threw it away . Do n't really want to wake up from a nap with black particles on my face . Anyhow , great idea , poor execution .
 This eye mask looks nice in the picture , but the quality is extremely poor . I could n't tell you yet if the magnets actually work , but I doubt they will since the mask is so huge that it does n't even fit -LRB- it is REALLY wide , so it completely misses my eyes & is also not adjustable , so it 's quite loose -RRB- . Do NOT waste your money !!
 Nice product but limited coverage at least for my face -LRB- my face might be too big or too small , i dont ' know -RRB- .
 The description of this item is Bronze , with a separate item for black , however , all of this seller 's Soft 'n Style products are pictured with the box in the back showing black . The second shipment I received actually had a sticker placed on the box that said Bronze , right below the box stating that they were black . I have contacted the seller asking if they really sell Bronze , we 'll see .
 The product is good , now that I can use it . When it arrived , the container was leaking and the pump was broken . I had to go and buy another product , use it up , and the fill the container with this product . So , definitely do not buy this from Amazon - because the packaging is terrible and made the product useless -LRB- since it is foaming instant sanitizer -RRB- .
 I first discovered these bobby pins when my stylist used them for my cousin 's wedding . The picture shows the same box and brand she has , however , when the bobby pins actually came , the box was completely different and the bobby pins were also completely different from the ones my stylist used . I do n't know if this is the seller 's fault for not correctly depicting the product they are shipping or if it was the manufacturer 's fault for changing how they make the bobby pins - but I definitely wo n't be buying these bobby pins or buying from this seller again .
 This perfume is definitely recommended for young girls ... maybe ages 7-16 . The perfume was compared to the baby soft product from days gone by ... that is pretty accurate .
 It 's definitely the ideal fragrance for me . However , it lasts only 10 minutes . It 's not my skin because other perfumes last way longer on me .
 It does n't last long at all . Like an hour if that . It 's very light , it 's a great perfume for a little girl , actually . Not for a woman , or not for me , anyway . It 's not that I have anything at all against the scent itself , but it 's just got substance or soul . I love the bottle ! I love the color . I like the lid and the cut of the glass is great . It 's more of a show piece to me than a workable scent , and one I like to look at and sniff but never choose to wear . And if I do , I know it ca n't be an all-day smell for it will wear off nearly instantly . I 'm really surprised this won a fragrance of the year award for 2006 . Design , sure . But perfume ... it 's hardly remarkable or memorable . But it is expensive !
 Wan na know why a $ 72 perfume only cost $ 41 ? Because it 's not the real thing ! I 've been buying this perfume from Sephora for the last couple of years and everytime the cashier said `` That will be $ 78 -LRB- with NYC tax -RRB- '' my heart skipped a beat . When I found it in Amazon for just $ 41 , I was beyond excited . Unfortunately my happy `` I 'm saving $ 37 '' dance came to a screeching end when I received the product and took a whiff . It smells NOTHING like the real Princess perfume , instead of delicious sweetness I was greeted with the smell of cheap flowers . Hell , even though Princess has some floral notes , it is a soft oriental perfume -LRB- it 's even infused with dark chocolate and vanilla !!! -RRB- It 's NOT suppose to smell like a hardcore floral perfume !!! In short
 I suspect I was shipped a counterfeit product via Amazon of this product . The packaging is not as high quality as the VW Princess bottles I 've had in the past and it does n't smell right and is not the right color . I would not purchase from this website again .
 I had to email the seller several times to check on why I had n't received this product . Finally he had someone send it off and it was a 45 not a 30 . Although I was very frustrated at this point he told me to keep the tube and I received my money back the same day on my account .
 I have been in love with Estee Lauder 's original Youth Dew fragrance since the 1960 's . When I heard about the Youth Dew Amber Nude fragrance I decided to try it . After trying to buy this product in several department stores , I was advised that it 's an ` old ' product that had been removed from their stock . Evidentally it did n't sell well because the original Youth Dew fragrance is still in stock . When I saw that the Amber Nude was available on Amazon.com , I jumped at the chance to buy it . Bad idea ! It smelled `` old '' , as some fragrances do when they 've been around too long . I was sorry that I ordered it .
 did n't help at all , and for something you 're supposed to give more than once a day depending on the size of the child , it should come in larger then a 2 oz bottle .
 Do not buy any product from BeautyEncounter!Not authentic . The bottle looks old and it is a rip-off .
 While the product smells alright , it does n't even compare to the original fragrance . Not happy with it . So disappointed because I remember how wonderful it smelled on my husband . The original was intoxicatingly seductive . Sadly , this does n't come close .
 I had worked with marcel irons before so I decided to try this one by Hot Tools . Cool color but difficult to control . Curls did not last . Tip too hot to the touch so unable to use the assistance of other hand to control curl on the iron . Handle is marcel so it swivels and constantly moving . Just too awkward to keep so I had to return it . Make sure you are almost a pro at working with marcel handles before purchasing this iron .
 I mistakenly ordered the wrong iron . . so i returned it and suppose to get another one . . but i do n't seem to find the information for it . . can someone please contact me let me know if i 'm going to be receiving the 11/2 inch iron . . thank you . .
 I purchased this fragance because I love Swiss Army scent but when I 'm wearing it I realize is not the same I am use to wear . The price is too high compared with the 3.4 oz . And when I tried to purchase the 3.4 oz men fragrance the description belongs to a woman perfume ... W T F
 Delivery of my product was prompt , unfortunately it was n't the product I wanted . I contacted the seller and the next day I had a response , with their apology for my dis-satifation . I received the product return address with a promise of a refund.I packaged the product and shipped it to the return address and waited.I tracked my package and when it was delivered I contacted the company to confirm the return . They asked for the tracking number , I sent it . The same day I received the companies return shipping label I was unaware that it was sent . In their defense I have n't ordered many things online and first time returning.The following day I received an e-mail letting me know I received my refund , and I did . It was a little bit of a wait some due to my response time but this company definitely believes in customers satisfaction .
 Save your $ $ $ ladies and go to your local drugstore . This mascara is less than special . A very disappointing product .
 I was just looking through the actual JASON store and i did not find this product in their stock . Real JASON 's Aloe Vera Beauty Oil only has 3 ingredients in it.This product has way to many ingredients to be a JASON 's product especially for something as simple as beauty oil.What I 'm saying is i think this product is fake and certainly unhealthy as compared to real JASON 's Aloe Vera Beauty Oil which only has 3 natural ingredients in it.The ingredient Methylparaben has been found to be harmful to humans and banned in Europe . Plus if it 's perfumed chances are it 's got alcohol in it and it 's a damn shame if your trying to be healthy and putting alcohol on your skin because it does nothing but dry your skin . -LSB- ... -RSB- People be smart about what you buy ... if it 's on amazon then it 's most likely somewhere else ... do research , do n't be naive and buy with full trust .
 I have always been very pleased with this product . I would literally see results overnight when I put a tiny bit of gel on a zit . However , when I recently ordered two more tubes of the stuff , they arrived in record time but were EMPTY . Both tubes ! I immediately contacted the seller by phone as well as through Amazon.Good news
 Feels gentle and smells nice , but hard to rinse off . Save your monry on this one and use St ives or another exfoliator .
 I have unruly shoulder length layered hair that is partly curly , partly wavy and straight underneath . As a result , I am always trying products that will give my disparate hair types a cohesive look . I 've used the Jessicurl products fairly consistently for 5 years , but lately have found the styling products in that line to be drying . I have never liked the way my hair gets `` crisp '' with her styling aids , no matter how I apply or how much I use.This product got a lot of good reviews , so I thought I 'd add it to the arsenal . Bad decision . I applied a dab to my hands and when I attempted to emulsify it in order to work it into my hair , I got an ugly handful of thick , white grease . How the tiny amount I squeezed out morphed into such a large , fatty mass amazed me . I worked it sparingly to freshly washed , damp hair , scrunched my hair into place and went about my business . An hour later , my hair still felt damp and when I returned to the mirror , I had scraggly , greasy tendrils of straight and very slightly wavy hair all over my head . In an effort to rescue my hair , I spritzed it with water and used a diffuser . No saving the dirty looking mess on my head . I could not get my hair to `` do '' anything , my hands got greasy and I found the odor from the product highly unpleasant . My hands smelled disgusting from fiddling with my hair.I washed my hair yet again and went back to Jessicurl .
 Did n't like it , I looked at the video and it seemed to be what I wanted . However , upon putting a light coat on my curly hair like in the video it was stiff . Horrible to the touch . Like spraying it with a lot of hair spray . I did follow the directions . Would never buy or use it again . If someone wants it for free they can have it . It 's just sitting in my bathroom and taking up clutter space ...
 After reading all the positive reviews I had high hopes for this product . It left my hair stringy , did not help create curl , and had a weird residue . Oh well , on to the next .
 I purchased this product , after reading reviews , hoping it would encourage some of the natural waves/curls in my hair . I followed the directions -LRB- multiple times -RRB- and had mediocre results . I am not impressed . Product is a little heavy -LRB- even when I put on just a small amount of product -RRB- and if not combed out and the product dries in hair it becomes crunchy and stiff . Waves and curls are `` okay '' at best . I will not buy this product again nor will I recommend it to a friend . Overall , for the price and the performance , I am disappointed.Mindy Weiss
 Reviews are so great for this ag recoil I got this cuz ppl said it was good on natural curly hair like mine and to my surprise I did not like at all had a lot of stringy pieces in my hair and left it more of a wavy not as curly .
 I have used this shower gel before , after I got this one from Amazon , it appears to have been watered down .
 This product is said to work on all skin types . That is not a true statement . I was definitely not satisfied with this product . I was excited about getting it . I used it as soon as it arrived , and was totally let down . I would not suggest this product for darker skin tone women .
 I have some pretty strong pigment marks on my face . Smart Cover covered them , but it comes off on everything . Everything I touched the day I wore it had makeup on it . I went back to my Revlon foundation the next day . Thankfully I had n't paid much for this . I ca n't imagine wearing it on my legs the way its advertised , my car , clothing , furniture would be a mess .
 This is not a product that you should buy on line . Noone knows what skin tone they are unless you have their product samples in front of you.I have fair skin and wanted the lightest cream possible . Their lightest colored tube was darker than I could ever tan in a whole summer.The only product that was actually matchig my skin tone was the cover stick that is supposed to be used for faces . It is one thing in the kit that I was able to use . I use it for my legs varicose veins , small blemishes and scarrs etc. . Even on the beach.Be aware that you are stuck with this purchase , no matter what.I tried to get my money back , but by LAW they could not do that.Careful of what you spend money on unless you get a money back guarantee on it . It was a waste of money . Not a great deal . How ever , you could probably use the tubes for shoe cream !!
 THIS MAKE UP IS BULL GAVE ME A RASH AN BURNED IT DOESNT WORK AN CUSTOMER SERVICE IS THE WORST OF ALL THEY ARE SO RUDE I WILL NEVER BUY ANYTHING FROM JOAN RIVERS OR HOW EVER U SPELL HER NAME THEY MADE HER LOOK BAD AN I WILL MAKE SURE ALL MY FRIENDS AN FAMILY WILL NOT GET RIPED OFF MIGHT AS WELL GO TO THE DOLLAR STORE AN BUY FOUNDATION THAT AT LEAST DOENST BURN WHEN YOU PUT IT ON
 This product is actually amazing , but this seller is a ripp off !!! u can get this product brand new from the actual seller La Mer website for $ 65 or on Ebay for $ 50 .
 I think this is a matter of taste , but anyways , I HATED the smell of it !! It just stinks !! = /
 just got dis perfume , guess i should not ve been expectin much , but i am totally disappointed wit dis perfume . like totally , should ve taken anoda instead . d smell is ok , but it does not linger long at all .
 I was really disappointed with this item !!!! I bout two of it , one for me and one for my mom and when she open her 's to put it on it really stinky !! It did not small like the Diesel perfume !!! And now i ca n't return it back !!! I 'm so disappointed !!!!!
 This wo n't hold the hair . The barrel is too short and spins.Doesn ' t engage with the lock . Poor quality from the Manufacturer.The seller worked great with me in resolving this issue.I would n't be hesitant in buying anything from Cache Beauty .
 In two seconds , this brush tangled into my hair so badly I could n't get it out . It took my husband at least 15 minutes to detach it from my head . I think it was because of the ball-tipped bristles , which are stiff plastic with a little ball on the end of each one . They 're not like regular hairbrush bristles . My old hot air brush had bristles like a hairbrush , and it never tangled my hair . -LRB- Unfortunately , it conked out after a few years . -RRB- Sorry , I would not recommend this brush !
 Had broken piece in box when arrived-could not figure where it was supposed to go so threw whole thing away-no information on how to return so wrote email in `` Contact US '' - until today no response . Postage was too much to order another one . Not very happy with product or service for returning-most times I have ordered there has been a return slip in box-none in this one.Also received 2 boxes of Hazelnut creamer when I only ordered one . Why ?
 Concept is great for easy styling of short hair . However , this keeps cutting out on me -- is there a short in it ?
 The very first curl in the nap area tangled and it took 10 minutes for my husband to get my hair free . It was only 6 inches long ! The curl release did NOT work . I was looking for a product that would n't leave my ends frizzy like my bristle one does . So just to test it out , I tried a small section of shorter hair in front . FRIZZ ! My hair is naturally straight and I have no problems with it . So this product failed that test with me . I think the all plastic barrel does n't help . I did n't notice that little detail while purchasing . I want something that has metal so it will curl like a curling iron while blow drying at the same time like my hair dresser uses . A plastic barrel is n't going to work .
 It 's just worthless . The suction cups are too small and do not reach to do any suction , plus it is so small that you will not be able to really see any good reflection . Don not waste your money like I did .
 I know this product was only $ 14 or there abouts , but I still expected some quality for the cost . While I was installing this mirror , I pressed directly above the four suction cups in the four corners . In one corner , just pressing on the silver section caused a permanent finger print sized scar in the mirror . Since the mirror is so small , a pretty significant section of the mirror was now unusable . Cleaning it with the enclosed cleaner , or even with the seperate anti-fog spray cleaner made it streaky . I was thinking about giving this as part of a gift , but was too embarrassed because of the poor packaging and quality . If only I 'd waited , I could have probably found this at the dollar store .
 It looked nice when I got it but the heat of the shower is causing the mirror coating on the back to slowly come off . I 'll have to replace it in a few months . The last one I bought lasted 11 years . This is a poor purchase and not worthwhile .
 Does not stay on shower wall or stay fog free . Hoped this mirror would be usefull while shaving in shower.Tried many times to clean the wall and face of mirror --
 I bought these combs because of the Ace brand name , but they turned out to be irritating to the scalp . They are made of cheap plastic and not rubber . I have since purchased an excellent Kent comb of the same size from Amazon .
 Total piece of junk!Never used once , put in trash!Nothing right with this product!I would give zero stars if I could !
 The whole thing is flimsy plastic , including the mirror . You twist it to adjust the magnification . The first time I did that , I twisted it too far and it popped apart . I could n't get it back together . Do n't bother with this one .
 I purchased this product as a Christmas present . It arrived promptly , however , the mirror was floating loosely in the box ; unattached to the frame . The mirror was also warped so I sent it back to the seller . -LRB- J&R Music -RRB- They provided me with a refund once they received it -LRB- less the postage -RRB- . Overall I was not impressed by the quality , and would avoid purchasing anything made by Zadro again .
 This is the worst purchase I have made from Amazon . Usually these mirrors wait a few months until they go bad this one waited a few days . Do not buy this piece of garbage . This is not just a shoddy product but theft .
 One star for vendor ? for product . I placed my order over a month ago and not until 3 days ago did I get an e-mail stating that my order will not be placed . And without any explanation of why . This is the pitfalls of internet shopping . I found `` the original fogless mirror '' for only $ 15 elsewhere instead .
 This product is a piece of junk . The `` mirror '' is plastic and is held in place with sticky foam . This warps the mirror creating the `` magnification '' . The warping is uneven creating a fun-house mirror kind of effect . In addition , the magnification and warping of the mirror make it so that you can only focus -LRB- if you call it that -RRB- if your face is 6 inches or less away from the mirror . The variable `` magnification '' is achieved by rotating the ring which puts more warping into the mirror making the fun-house effect even more impossible to deal with and also causing the plastic mirror to pop of from its foam sticky pad . If this product were $ 5 - $ 10 it might be worth giving it a try because that 's about the quality of the product . I sent it back .
 I was disappointed to see a cheap looking mirror when I opened the box . The mirror was made of cheap a plastic . The reflected image -LRB- my face ... -RRB- was totally distorted . The supplied 2-sided sticker could not hold the mirror on the tiles and I had to use RTV in order to attach it to the shower wall . After couple of weeks the `` fogless '' mirror became covered with fog the moment I opened the hot water in the shower . The whole mirror surface became quite `` matte '' after some time , and `` mirror stains '' -LRB- or peelings -RRB- appeared on the mirror edges and the plastic holder.Why 2 start and not 1 ? - Because for over 2 years I am spraying anti-fog spray on the mirror before I start shaving , and so I manage to do the job . But now I had it , and I am looking for a different mirror .
 Based on some of the high reviews the Zadro Z508 Fogless Shower mirror was receiving , I decided to buy one since I like to shave in the shower . When I received my purchase , the mirror was not attached to the self adhesive tape , it had popped lose . I made several attempts to reattach , would only last a few hours before it would pop lose again . I returned the product and reordered a second one , everything was seemless . The second unit worked great for one month until this morning when I found the mirror laying on the shower floor . I would not recommend this product unless you are willing to repair and improve the adhesive mounting .
 Generally the build quality was good.However , the mirror is stuck on with an adhesive sticker and immediately fell off . The mirror is not stuck in place by anything other than this sticker and if you press it on with your thumbs it dimples creating a fun house effect.I expect I will be able to put it on with a better adhesive . Still , this is designed for a wet environment and you are supposed to be able to increase the magnification by twisting . It is designed to fail .
 Awful !! Came apart in shipping , mirror out of holder , had the worse time getting it to go back in place and stay . It does n't hold on the shower wall for very long , when you least expect it to , it falls off . Quite a racket when it falls and I do n't know why I just did n't send it back . I do n't recommend this mirror . Many folks say it fogs but I ca n't comment on that as the suction never held long enough to find out .
 Garbage . the mirror would not stay connected to the base.Save your money . I Bought a better one at the local Walgreens for $ 6.95 .
 I have n't even had it hanging for 24 hours and the thing is falling apart . What you may not realize is that the mirror is held to the frame by a sticker !!! Problem is the sticker does not stick . Only good thing is that the suction cups hold nicely to the wall ... however , that does not do you much good when the mirror keeps falling to the ground . Do n't waste your money .
 When I received the mirror it would not stay attached to the frame . It just fell apart because it was very cheaply made . I sent it back for a refund .
 the manufacture only gives a 30 day guarantee on this . My mirrow fell out after 60 days . The double face tape did not hold . Do not buy .
 I 'm not one of those types who writes terrible reviews for fun and picks apart the tiniest insignificant details of every product . But this product absolutely fell apart , so I ca n't help but warn others ! First of all , unless you have a perfectly smooth , plastic shower surround , the suction cups will never work . I have a smooth tile shower and they do n't even work on mine . So I bought this mirror because it was one of the few that came with this `` waterproof '' sticky tape . That fell off too . I finally just bought some Gorilla glue and that held the mirror to the wall . Then a few days later , the mirror itself came unstuck from the frame . And guess what ! It was just more of this waterproof tape holding the mirror on . No wonder it failed . Because this was a Christmas gift and the box was thrown out on Christmas day , I could n't get a refund from J&R . They 're sending me a replacement , which I 'm hoping will not fall apart as well .
 I bought this product a while back , but had n't written a review until purchasing the toilet tree fogless mirror which is awesome . Do n't waste your time with this product considering their are better products at cheaper prices .
 I love this product . Ordered here and received an expired in 2008 perfume in Aug. 2011 . I noticed the expiry date only today -LRB- 11/4/2011 -RRB- . Product is very good but do n't buy here .
 The pictured comb is the traditional Ace hard rubber pocket comb , made in the US -LRB- notice the flag on the package -RRB- . What I received was a cheap plastic fine-toothed comb , made in China . Do n't be fooled .
 Once upon a time , ACE hard rubber combs were the best comb a fellow could wish for , but alas , no longer . I used the original for four decades and miss them terribly - those old ACE hard rubber combs used to last decades until they eventually got lost - they NEVER broke and they never lost teeth . These cheap , fragile , plastic combs are completely worthless . I went through two of them in a month , both snapped while sitting down or lost teeth after a few weeks of use -LRB- and my hair is thin ! -RRB- . Do yourself a favor and buy from a barber supply shop , or talk to your barber about getting one from them directly . Barbers still have access to quality products , so do n't waste your hard earn money on throw-away combs like these .
 This overpriced comb broke the large end tooth within days . Buy an unbreakable one instead .
 The ACE Pocket Combs that come out nowadays are substandard in quality . They look great out coming out the packaging and that first couple of times you use it . But , if you put one in your pocket thinking you can carry it , ... think again ! I broke one a few days ago just sitting down on a padded golf cart seat . After replacing it , I broke the next one simply getting undressed in the evening . Taking my pants off , and I heard the comb snap.POOR QUALITY ! These combs used to be awesome , but that was a different time when the company actually cared about their product and their customers .
 Thought I was purchasing the ACE hard rubber combs . These are simply plastic and break easily . The product description should have mentioned that these were plastic . Shame on the Ace company
 Ace hard rubber combs have become harder to find at local merchants . Ordering this set of 6 seemed a convenient solution.Be warned , these are not the same combs . They are not much more than half the size of the combs I have bought in stores , and the first one I used broke within one month of first use.These combs get one star only because it is not possible to give zero stars .
 I wish to extend my thanks to everyone who posted an honest review of these inferior Chinese products . You have saved me the frustration of wasting my money on worthless combs . I sincerely hope the Ace company will soon realize that quantity -LRB- the pack of six -RRB- will never be a substitute for quality . Having been an Ace comb carrier for most of my life , the lack of quality , now displayed , is a true disappointment .
 These new versions of the Ace Classic comb are not manufactured like they used to be . The new ones do a poor job combing the hair and are very uncomfortable to the scalp . Do n't ask me how or why this is , but you wo n't want these . It 's sad .
 A mens black plastic comb ... how can you mess that up ? Well , if you make it out of brittle plastic thats how . I bought six of these thinking I would not need to worry about getting another comb for a very long time but I was wrong . The plastic is brittle and just by keeping them in my back hip pocket of my pants , -LRB- even dress pants -RRB- I find broken teeth all over the place all the time . If you leave this on the counter its fine , but if you want to carry it in your back pocket pick a more durable comb .
 The comb in the photo clearly shows both fine and medium teeth . The accompanying text also specifically says `` Has both fine and medium teeth for all hair types '' . Nonetheless , the combs shipped have nothing but fine teeth . This seller does not ship the product advertised and if that 's what you want , you should find it somewhere else . As others have noted , they are no longer marked or labeled `` Unbreakable '' and most certainly are not . In fairness , however , none of the descriptive text suggests that they are either unbreakable or made of the old hard rubber material.Amazon seems to have a lot of sellers like this . I think there should be a way for Amazon customers to post an obvious `` Liar '' or `` Fraud '' badge on the pages of sellers like this . Misrepresentations like this should not be buried in reviews but should jump out at casual browsers . If they did , the misrepresentations would stop quickly . This is an Amazon problem more than anything else .
 It looked like the comb I was looking for ... but , unfortunately it was not . The teeth broke out at various times , while combing my hair . I was looking for a more reliable comb .
 The photo shows a comb with both narrow and wide teeth . However , the combs sent to me by Amazon had all narrow teeth . Why does n't Amazon use a pictute the correctly describes the product ?
 Combs by ACE are the best . However these are too small for a man 's hair . Next time I will order a larger size . These would probably be great for children with small hands .
 I 'm not sure this review belongs in this area , but I see no option of leaving packaging feedback or seller feedback for loveotc . And I hope to warn other Amazon buyers . My comb arrived super late , and when it arrived , it was the wrong item . It was a cheap plastic comb -LRB- not the Ace Tail Comb , not even a tail comb lol -RRB- . I attempted to contact the seller with no response , and also took a peek at their feedback and noticed that they often scam buyers . I should 've checked that out first , oh well . I opened a claim with Amazon and hopefully will be able to return the item and get a refund .
 I was expecting the Lady Ace that was made of rubber . The comb I received was a cheap plastic .
 Avoid this product , I had bad itching and burning and had to shower after using it .
 I have never purchased pure shea butter before , so it may be my naivete that created my disappointment , BUT I was very unhappy to discover the texture of the product is like candle wax or hardened lip balm . It 's really hard to get out and even harder to spread over my skin . Plus , once I 'm successful in actually getting some of the `` hard '' stuff on my hands for distribution it greases up and takes several minutes to soak in . I would NEVER buy this product again .
 After being impressed by a `` sniffer '' in a newspaper supplement , shopped online . Found this , appeared to be the best deal . Disappointed because I did n't notice that it 's toilet water , not perfume . Oh well , it 's only seventy bucks . Also , the `` sniffer '' smelled better .
 This is beige , not blonde . It literally looks like you smeared cover up in your hair .
 This was terrible . First , it is very dry . It has no gloss to it , very matte . Second , I ordered light Blonde and the color that came was Blonde/light brown . I was looking for a pale , golden , color . This looked like foundation that you put on your face . A dull tan . I got it for highlights and it made my hair look like I had makeup smeared in it . Ugh .
 This must be some kind of special shower gel for 350 bucks . obsession by calvin klein for women bath and shower gel 6.7 ounce ?? I 'll go get it in the store for 30 bucks .
 I am glad I read the other review that brought this to my attention . must be a pricing error or typo , but why chance it . there are other listings such as unboxed for a fraction of the asking price . this is a great product and subtle fragrance lasts a long time , I 'll simplyl get it elsewhere .
 Ok , the listed price is $ 35 , but the selling price is $ 99 ???? I just looked at this yesterday and it was listed for $ 18 ... what on earth happened w/in a 24 hr period ?????
 Bought these to make parallel lines in my hair like they did in the forties only to have to pull half of my hair out with them .
 did n't end up using any of the clips ... they are useless and do n't really hold a lot of hair and on top of that , they have a funny metal smell that lingers on the hand that you used to clip with ... yuck ...
 This stuff made me sick for a day or two . I would not recommend this product to anybody that has a bad immune system .
 I did try this product but it does n't seem to have worked as well as others indicated . It really made my hair so oily that even with applying the shampoo two times the residue still remained , which I did n't fully realize till I dried it . It took an entire next washing to get it all out . Maybe it works great on elbows and skin that is not the scalp which is where I have the most problem . For me Psoriaflora Cream works best - does n't clear it all up but helps . Corticosteroid cleared it up very nicely but caused the IOP intra-ocular eye pressure to shoot up and I needed a second eye drop daily to get that back under control . So I am staying away from corticosteroids and the best I have yet found is the Psoriaflora Cream .
 i am using this shampoo almost 3 weeks it stopped itching but does not help my seborrheic dermatitis . therefore coal tar causes can cause cancer so i am going to throw away these shampoo . just waste of money
 i bought this together with Oxiphor VHC although it does moisturize the skin it didnt do anything else for me , did not get rid of redness , in some areas made it worse , but with all the topical treatments for psoriasis not all work for everyone . .
 I used to use another product , it has good effect on control the size.I only had on elbow . I bought this product because it has good review.I used it three times a day , the skin surface become flat.However , just the time I think it 's good enough , it become worse . The infected area are twice bigger now.I guess you have to keep using this product , which makes me feel not safe .
 Everyone is different , maybe this will work for others , but it really did nothing to help my Psoriasis on my arms . The product was what it 's advertised to be , but just was not effective for me .
 I give this two stars for relieving itching but it did n't remove my patches . Any suggestions for a better product would be much appreciated!I wanted to come back to this and say that I purchased Champori , and that actually took care of my problem ! It 's pricey but worth it . : - -RRB-
 I bought this for my mother after I compared all the Psoriasis products on Amazon . I found Mg 217 Intensive Strength Medicated Tar Ointment for Psoriasis 3.8 Oz having the highest review start number by many people . So I bought it along with the shampoo , and another product by Mg 217 . My mother has used them for one moth , but there has been not even a tiny effect . In fact , the symptom has even turned worse , especially when she used the Tar Shampoo . After using this shampoo , she felt the itching and inflammation even got worse.I saw somebody wrote something like `` you have to keep using it until there is effect '' . But how long should one stick to one product ? 1 month ? 3 months ? 1 year?Psoriasis is very hard to be cured , and maybe other people will receive better effects after they use this product , but not for my mom . I gave 1 star for this product so that people after me wo n't all think it is THAT good .
 I tried this for a week and while the ointment caused my scaly skin to be removed easily , the scales would be back just as thick the next day .
 It will do the job , but not as well as the other brand I have used and do not acccess to purchase .
 The product is too thick . It wo n't stay after you conb your hair . My hair is dack brown . It does n't work for me .
 It does n't cover anything and it leaves hair full of gunk . I 've used other stuff that works but this is n't one of them .
 This Light Brown - Blonde , in my opinion , will only work for you if you have orange/reddish toned blonde/brown hair . It was so orangey , I ca n't use this and the window to return it has closed so into the trash it goes . If you decide to try one of these products , do n't do like I did -LRB- which , granted , was not so smart -RRB- applying it right before you need to walk out the door and suddenly realize it 's time for a touch up . Skip it because if it does n't match , you have a blotch at your part line that stands out A LOT . Also , the sponge tip seemed odd ; not sure how to describe it . I was expecting an applicator more like a mascara or eyelash brush so you could lightly coat hair strands . This created glumped up spots that you had to sort of smear around . Overall a disappointing product for me , but might work on a different color hair with a more patient hand .
 I purchased this cover up also and this did not cover any gray either . Now I know that these kinds of product do not work . A lesson well learned
 You like a male sent . It so offened me I gave it to a male he liked the smell . How much more could you say . It was gritty too .
 I would not recommend this product at all . My son ordered it for me for my birthday and so I have to keep it . If it were not for this reason it would go back in a heartbeat . The items in the basket are very small and dollar store at best . The potpourri seems so old it has no scent , the foot pumice stone fell apart the first use , the candle was melted ... need I say more . . oh ... except that they had the gall to charge 60 bucks for it ! HORRIBLE !!!!!! Art of Appreciation Gift Baskets Ocean Mists Spa Bath and Body Gift Set
 When it arrived it was empty . Had nothing in it . Product was in good condition that was about the only good thing I could say about it .
 this eyeshadow is a very bright kelly green . I personally wanted something closer to the pictured color . I gave the product to a friend who likes to wear more adventurous makeup .
 I used to have a laster version of this product , this seems like a sample size . It said the shipping weight was 4 oz , which I assumed meant it was the size I had before , since I could not find the size description anywhere . Apparently not because this looks like a sample size . It 's .02 oz .
 While I love , love , love this product , placing an order with this particular vendor was a mistake . It did arrive in a very timely fashion , however it came in the small , sample size packaging . I could have gone to the store myself and purchased the full size version for a couple of dollars more . This was a complete rip-off & I am very dissatisfied due to the fact that no where in the description was it mentioned that this was the small size . Wo n't be placing an order with them again !
 HOW DO I CONTACT THE MERCHANT , THEY HIT MY MASTERCARD TWICE FOR THE ITEM . THEY CAN E-MAIL ME A REFUND PER MY ORDER # .
 I absolutely love Elizabeth Arden 's perfume Red door . I have been using it for many years . I decided to try the body cream and was very disappointed . The smell is not pleasing . It stinks actually . If I could get my money back , I would . It does n't smell anything like the perfume . All I can say is enter at your own risk ...
 I am not sure what happened to this product ... perhaps it was altered , damaged or simply faked . I have purchased this fragrance when it shows up at discount stores and always found it to be perfect . The Amazon product was horrible smelling and even the color seemed very strange , as if the fragrance oils had seperated from other ingredients in the bottle .
 I wo n't buy perfume again online . I am not certain that this was the real thing but for some reason the fragrance was not the same as the original purchased at a department store .
 Not for me !! This Eau De Parfun smells so good on other people but not on me . So this is thumbs down !!
 I despise this stuff , it stinks to the point where it is embarassing to wear it in public . Hideous strong gardenia , I never dreamed a so - called designer fragrance in this era could be this bad . I had a very embarassing experience attempting to wear this on vacation to an event and just had to leave and scrub . I could n't subject other people to it . Cheap for a reason , zero value .
 I ordered -LRB- 2 -RRB- bottles after speaking with both Amazon & Emma 's . Was reassured it was eu de parum but old packaging as Elizabeth Arden has changed bottle due to 100 year anniversary . I received the product early but stunned to find this is eu de toilette . Amazon stepped up to the plate to take care of this matter .
 This stuff is absolutely vile . Unless you know the person you wish to give it to likes it , do n't buy it . It is so strong and it gives me an immediate migraine . I 've been in public settings where I was immediately struck with a migraine by perfume and asked the wearers what they were wearing . They always are flattered by the question ... my query is NOT a compliment ! I just want to know the name of the wretched stuff . Often , it 's Red Door.Be careful in giving this to people - and if you wear it , please do so with caution . It 's among the worst offenders I 've ever run across . You may be making people sick - they probably wo n't tell you out of politeness .
 This review is specifically about Amazon and not the actual Red Door . My stepmother asked for it for Christmas , and my brother and I accidentally both got it for her . I tried to cancel my order before shipping -LRB- about 2 hours after placing the order -RRB- and received an email that it was not possible as it was already being processed for shipping . Now that I have received the item , I tried to initiate the return so I could get her a gift card instead . Amazon categorizes perfumes as `` hazardous materials '' and are not approved for returns . Why would a perfume be a hazardous material ? It 's unopened and still in original packaging . Amazon should accept returns for anything it deems safe to ship .
 It appears that D&R produces two versions of skin bleach
 Used it everyday & night . Does n't work at all if you 're african-american or brown skin period . Waste of money , definitely look elsewhere for products with ingredients that will accomplish removing blemishes .
 I ca n't say how this works because it simply smells terrible . It has a chemical odor to it and other people notice it .
 I think / hope this is original and not a knock-off ; it definitely smells like Sunflowers and is very long-lasting , however the pump did n't work so it kind of spills all over when I apply it , quite wasteful and annoying .
 Ladies , I hope you do n't mind a man 's opinion on this fragrance.Firstly , I am in disbelief at the previous reviews that call this perfume `` light '' or `` subtle . '' This perfume is as about as subtle as a train-load of elephants . As for it 's actual scent , let 's just say I 'd rather smell a pig stye on the hottest day of summer rather than endure this deadly chemical . This is the only ladies perfume I 'm aware of that has been known to clear all males out of a room . -LRB- pay attention the next time you wear it to your workplace -RRB- I am honestly amazed that that they can label this as a pleasant smelling fragrance to wear in any public place , because surely it was meant to be used as a war-time chemical weapon . Yes ladies , it 's that awful . Ask yourself , has a male ever complimented you on this perfume ? Has a true female friend ever complimented you ? Chances are , it was your female enemies at work that praised it , in hopes that you keep wearing it . I hate to seem so rude over a perfume , but this stuff smells horrible , and it is the singular ladies perfume that has caused the male employees where I work to comment on the dreadful odor . Out of politeness , nothing is ever said , so we suffer in silence ... until now .
 Such a very strong smell . Gave me an immediate headache . Big mistake to order this . . threw it out . The color you see in the ad is not the true color . As soon as you see a very dark color , you know it 's strong and this was !!
 The item did not get hot enough to curl hair . Tried on different hair types . The item was purchased for $ 16.97 in total , but when returned received only $ 7.02 credit . Item sent at my expense 2nd day UPS and tracked . Not sure why the refund was so significantly reduced .
 I do n't think this is a real Shiseido product . I was using this product for a while and loved loved it until I ordered one from Amazon . The jar looks different and the smell is also different . I used it and it was irritating my face so i stopped . I went and bought a new one from Macy 's . I 've been using it for two weeks and everything is working fine . My skin is nice and smooth again . Be careful of what you 're buying online , especially skin products .
 The seller should make it clear what tool it fits . I bought a set of 6 and It does not fit the tool . So it is useless !
 This sponge does not fit on the tool for the Dermanew facial rejuvination system . I 'm sure it 's great for whatever tool it belongs with , I just had no use for it .
 This shampoo lists only 4 ingredients . I loved that version of the shampoo and used it for years . The shipment I received from Amazon was the same bottle but not the same product . Here is the ingredient list
 I have tried all sorts of shampoo for my dry , flaky scalp and unfortunately this product did not do too much for me . It was ok/fair initially but did not make my scalp feel moisturise , in fact within hours my scalp felt itchy again .
 I bought a 1.49 $ lip pencil , among other items . This lip liner was totally defective.The bottom of the pencil twisted as if it would turn up which it did n't . I contacted the seller to exchange , they told me to sharpen the pencil , which I did . Then the entire inside of the lip liner fell out staining my carpet . The price is irrelevant , Point is terrible customer service and rotten product!Stay away
 Vendor accuses me of lying about never receiveing product . According to them
 The seller should make it clear what tool it fits . I bought a set of 6 and It does not fit the tool . So it is useless !
 This sponge does not fit on the tool for the Dermanew facial rejuvination system . I 'm sure it 's great for whatever tool it belongs with , I just had no use for it .
 This is product I love , wanted . Ordered it and instead got a gel re-curl which does n't work , is heavy , greasy and I knew that and did n't even open it . It was n't even packaged but taped with shipping tape at the bottom . Contacted seller , they refused to return for refund , but Amazon made it right . Do n't use that seller . Bait/switch .
 This product did n't do anything to help me have better curls -LRB- my hair is wavy which will curl up better with the right products -RRB- . I like the spray bottle a lot though , so I emptied it out & filled it up with a nonaerosol hairspray .
 I do n't know if i got a defective cologne , if there is such a thing but at a first spray its nice smelling , then in a couple seconds the nice scent goes away like a fake cologne ... I 'm sorry but i 'm not buying anymore of that scent ! I made a mistake !
 I hate the produckt , when I got this product I was really excited , but when I used it , I hated it . It does not have any smell to it , looks like they filled the bottle with water . I wish I can return and get my money back . since I got it , I used it twice to see after a while it might have some smell to it . Please tell me if I can return this product I will really appreciate that .
 I bought this long time ago and it was supposed to arrive in a week , but they were not trackable online . And two weeks past now , I still do n't have it ! I want my money back !
 I was really excited about this product with the one review it had . I 'm not impressed . I 've used it for 2 weeks straight . No difference in skin tone , texture , etc. . It 's just sticky . Do not put it on your neck ... ick ! Waste of money ... I should have know better just to stick with my ProActiv .
 I have been using these pads for a week now and I do n't get it . I have noticed nothing . Really ? What are they supposed to do because they are not doing it . The only thing I have noticed is that if you have a blemish and use it you can feel a little burn , and after use my skin feels sticky .
 I do n't know if Olay has discontinued this product or what , but I ca n't find it in any store anymore . So , I thought I 'd order it from Amazon . I ordered 2 since my husband and I both use it and both tubes arrived expired ! One had an expiration date of 12/2008 , the other 2/2009 ! I do n't think I 'll be ordering beauty products off the internet anymore .
 Last summer when I bought this item I absolutely loved it . It is realy a good moisturizer , but this time when I orderd it it arrived expired . This is terrible , who wants to use old products ?
 I was very happy to find this item on amazon.com and ordered it right away ... . only to be disappointed . The item shipped had an experation date that was 1 year out of date!Needless to say ... I will not order this item again .
 I was extremely upset when this product arrived and it was expired by over a year . I would not use this company again .
 This sure does n't work for my dry skin ... and the fragrance is kind of sickening . Sorry I took a chance with this basic Olay product - maybe the Regenerist line is better , but have n't tried it .
 Hi , once the product has a long time to arrive , I '' d like to change the address of the shipment or even cancel the order . Is it possible ? I 'll leave the address I gave you on March 6 and wo n't back before March 2012 . Feel free to cotact me.liliane.noga@e-skynet.com.br
 it did not smell the same and what it did smell like it did not last .
 Was not the original lotion . The product was in a strange bottle without a label and it felt and smelled like a common drugstore lotion . Not the designer fragence . Very dissatisfied . Do not buy this product . I was ripped off .
 I tried the Hyaluronic Serugel and I feel like it 's a gimmick . All it does is tighten the skin - like you have a clear , thin mask on . Maybe that 's how you get an anti-wrinkle affect , like a botox shot that prevents you from moving your face . If you 're looking for a moisturizer that makes your skin feel plump and healthy , this product wo n't do the trick . Spend your money on something else .
 Guess this is just another instance of you get what you pay for . The foam on these rollers is not very dense and does not do a good job of forming curls . I would advise against buy these curlers .
 These are in no way `` large '' . I guess it is my fault for thinking an inch is an inch . They are NOT an inch in diameter . Other than that they are fine , but they would make teeny tiny curls - not what I was after .
 These rollers were so dense that it was next to impossible to even wrap my hair around a roller . The hair just kept sliding off . Also the clips were way too big ! The clips looked like they were for a 2 '' or 2 1 ' 2 '' roller . I had some extra small rollers that I took the clips out of and used them with the Hollywoods , that at least helped . I will never buy Hollywoods again . Does , `` you get what you pay for '' ring a bell .
 I have to agree with the reviewers who said this product was not a strong hold spray . It does nothing for me at all . It does not hold as well as my medium hold spray . I do n't know how it can be called a Freeze Super Spray , for it is definitely not . It was a complete waste of money and I would not recommend it to a friend or buy it again . I have short , fine hair that I curl with a curling iron and this was worthless to hold it after just a few minutes and I sprayed it from a distance so just a fine mist fell over my hair as per my hairdresser 's instructions so it would not flatten my hair . There do n't seem to be any good products out there for my purposes these days so I guess I 'll just save my money . The only positive thing about this product is that it did not have a strong , offensive odor and could be used by someone with fragrance sensitivity , which I have , if it worked . I also did n't notice that it imparted any shine .
 Could not keep from rolling my hair too tight when using these soft rollers . They do `` sleep '' better than the metal ; however , the curl was too tight & had to redo on hard curlers .
 I have seen medium foam rollers by a different manufactuer that are larger than these . I am not happy with this purchase .
 It says large on the packet but these are cheap for a reason . They are small , and in order to get all of your hair even if it is thin , get a few .
 This product does not smell the best , it reminds me of how my grandma would smell . I felt like this product dried out my hair . I do n't use any heat or style my hair in any way and after using this product for a month my hair seemed more dry and damaged .
 I was very disapointed in the smell of love body butter , it smells like motor oil . and not like the product scent was discribed to be.I would not recommend this scent to any one .
 Hydrating and loved the hemp oil content BUT was looking for a light fresh scent and instead my nose caught a scent of old oil not fresh n light . Next time will try using the Body Shop Mango or the Hempz lotion which is available on line or at Wallmart . Maybe Mango would be a better smell but was trying to replace the awesome product which is not longer on the market Hemp Hand Protector by Vitamoist as it had an awesome hydrating , calming effect on irritated skin.The Body Shop Hemp Body Butter Regular - 6.75 oz
 Smells good in the container but as soon as I rub it on my skin it has a plastic weird smell to it , I do not recommend this product I was very disappointed .
 This is too overpowring a fragrance I would like on any cream , lotion . Even my friends started asking what I had applied , cos it gave them a headache ! I 'm not buying this again ever . The moisturising is good though , probably another fragrance would have been good .
 I use to use the Body Shops Coconut Body Butter . Its okay . But I find the price is too high . Your basically paying for big corp. . So now I have found a new coconut butter at Trader Joes . At only 4.99 its fantastic . Smells like cake frosting ! My daughter and I not only use it everyday , but we have to smell it too !! Goodbye Body Shop .
 I tend to have very dry skin on my arms , and it 's really hard for me to find a moisturizer because I ca n't stand how thick , gunky , and greasy most of them are . I got this product for free as a bonus for purchasing a certain amount at The Body Shop . I would have never bought this for myself , but decided to just use it since it was for free and if I did n't like it I would give it away . One night before bed I applied it to my arms and it was SO thick , so GREASY , the residue it left on my skin was horrible and I felt like none of it even sunk in . It was shocking . I tossed and turned all night and felt so disgusting . I ca n't believe people actually use this stuff ! It 's like applying lipstick to your skin basically . Do not recommend and will definitely give this away to a friend .
 So disappointed in The Body Shop , as they have changed the formulation for the Shea Body Butter . The smell is different and so is the consistency - it 's thinner . I have used this product for over 10 years and it was the only product that kept my skin looking hydrated and young looking . It lasted all day , whereas other products would wear out and I 'd have to reapply . The ingredients on the labels are different .
 The color that arrived is more orange than the color swatch on the computer . I can not wear it .
 It is a Fake . This product does not even have a cap to the bottle it comes in . It has a Cardboard made cover . It does not even look close to the picture shown above . Sent it back ...
 I purchased this product for personal use , as it 's a tester with no cap . I know cool water perfume for more than 13 years , but this one is so light and the smell goes away after a couple of hours.The bottom line is that I do n't recommend this product to a friend .
 THIS SO SUCKS THERES NO SPRAYER WHEN I RECIEVED THIS ORDER EVEN THE BOTTLE IS ALREADY HALF WAY MAKE SURE CALL THE SELLER 1ST B4 U BUY THIS AND BEWARE TO PERFUME EMPIRE ??? DO N'T BUY THEM AND IT SO RUDE THE SELLER ... -LRB- PS -RRB- his liar i response to all his e-mail but he dont want to provide me a postpaid label to send it back the item dont lie PERFUME EMPIRE BEWARE TO THIS SELLER ITS SO -LRB- RUDE -RRB- ... period
 The color that arrived is more orange than the color swatch on the computer . I can not wear it .
 The color that arrived is more orange than the color swatch on the computer . I can not wear it .
 this made it harder to apply the color on the ends because i have really long hair . It did help with mixing the dye and applying on my roots and bangs . I prefer just using rubber gloves in general though .
 The aroma of this perfume is so poor and also it goes real fast
 I had been using scotch tape to do my French manicure look . It worked great on my toes and the only issue I had with my hands was that I could n't always get the shape I wanted since the tape is straight and my nail is curved . I thought these would be perfect ... but I was wrong.I paid more for the shipping than the item , but I figured if I liked them I could order them in bulk so the shipping would even out . I went through all my fingers applying the guides before doing any nails . By the time I was finished with my last finger , the first 3 had fallen off . You put one on and it almost immediately pops off even though I had just removed my nail polish and any oils and dried my nails . The adhesive is very weak . If it touches your skin -LRB- which is has to b/c each strip is twice the size of a normal nail -RRB- it wo n't stick either so the seal never becomes tight.The nails that I did get the strips to stick for ended up not forming a tight enough seal and letting nail polish seep underneath . Basically I did all my nails but there was no definitive line so I took all the polish off right away . Not worth the $ 2 or the $ 5 shipping . Use scotch tape !
 The color that arrived is more orange than the color swatch on the computer . I can not wear it .
 The color that arrived is more orange than the color swatch on the computer . I can not wear it .
 My daughter asked me to buy this perfume for my mother so she could give it to her grandmother as a special gift for her for Christmas . It is my mother 's favorite perfume . I waited to open the package since my daughter has been off from school and did not want to open the package in case it was something I ordered for her . I opened it today , December 21 . The box was different than what was pictured in Amazon , but I still had high hopes . What a lie . This has been the most deceptive item I have ever purchased on Amazon . Do not buy from this seller . The bottle is similar to a sample sized , 1 oz. , baby lotion or baby shampoo bottle , made of a solid white plastic , and it has a screw cap on it . It is not even a spray ! I am so furious . Nothing about it even resembles a Pavlova perfume bottle , absolutely nothing . I will be trying now to find a legitimate seller who can get me the perfume in the next 3 days . I will be paying for 1 or 2 day shipping because of this seller . I hope that everyone will read my review before they are deceived by this seller like I was .
 Very disappointing . I ordered this item in July 07 - used it maybe 20 or 30 times tops . Went to use it in Dec. 08 , it would n't turn on . The Reset button on the plug does n't stay depressed and so it just wo n't turn on anymore . Good thing they only warranty it for 1 year - a lot of good that does me . Good iron while it lasted I guess . Too much $ for poor quality .
 I love the colors you can get with china glaze and we use them at the salon all of the time and most of the time the colors come on pretty matte so this top coat adds the perfect amount of shine for that flawless finished look . but i feel like the top coat shrinks both itself and the polish and everything chips away super quickly . I will have chipped polish after only a few hours after i have painted my nails . its a shame because i love the shine but i honestly cant keep polish on my fingers for longer than two hours with out chips or peels which personally does n't work for me . Especially when I 'm in the salon and working a lot with my hands and clients see my chipped cracked and peeling paint job .
 im glad i got a top coat , but this smells horrible !!! i cant even describe it and it chips just the same without it dont get it
 After a few days China Glaze Fast Forward Top coat shrinks the nail polish color . It creates a cracked looked within a day . Further , I bought the product 6 months ago and it is all dried out and evaporated . -LRB- I am positive that I closed the bottle tightly as I double-checked . -RRB- I would definitely not repurchase this product .
 The TRANZITION polish is really cool but any top coat or quick dry will yield the same effects . Do Not waste your money !
 The color that arrived is more orange than the color swatch on the computer . I can not wear it .
 Not sure how good this product even works just yet ... however , I do think people should be aware of the terrible scent of this . Ca n't believe they could n't mask the urine type smell a little better . There is a great chance I wo n't even finish using it . I do n't believe this product needs to smell this bad , the company should really do something about it.I 'll do an update if I get myself to use it long enough to have an opinion on how it actually works . Not likely to make it that far though . We 'll see.That 's all for now .
 The color that arrived is more orange than the color swatch on the computer . I can not wear it .
 i am disapointed because i have not recieved my order for the ultraviolet body lotion i ordered in November 22 2006 . i got an email that the green tae perfume was sent and i recieved it . in the same email i was informed that the lotion was not in stock and i would be informed when it would be shipped and no massege has come till today . i would appreciate if i could be informed about the progress on my order consistantly , whether negative or possitive . so i can know what is going on .
 very dissapointed , consistency was like mud . Made me wonder if I recieved outdated makeup a waste of money !! I would rate this no stars , however the system would not allow .
 I paid for an Item over three weeks ago and recieved nothing . I have the bank statement that shows it was paid for , but I got nothing
 I should have read the reviews before buying this.I agree with the other 2 1 star reviews.Very oily and greasy . Also , there was clumps left on my face ... Dont know how else to explain it.I tried wearing it twice , thinking maybe the first time I applied it wrong or something ... But , same issuesI did not like at all.I am usually a liquid foundation wearer.When I purchased this , I also purchased Beyond Color Skin Smoothing Compact and I love it !
 I purchased this makeup based on the rave review of my avon sales rep , who was also using it , however , I was dissapointed was everything about this makeup . The consistency is very thick , but , once applied , it is very sheer . I have oily skin with some breakouts and redness , and I found that I had to really pile it on to get the coverage I needed . Once applied , it was very hard to blend , and after about 10 minutes of blending , it still looked cakey and uneven . I purchased the color `` cream '' , which appeared to be the right shade , however , on my face it went orange , with a greyish cast , and looked awful . All things considered , I think that this foundation is better suited to someone who does n't have any type of issue or concern with their skin .
 The color that arrived is more orange than the color swatch on the computer . I can not wear it .
 I did n't have any results with this particular product . I wo n't say it wo n't work for you , but it did n't for me . It actually made my eyes puff up more the first few times I used it . And as far as lightening the dark circles ... again no change . So it means I have to stick to the camo under eye make-up which I would really like to get away from.Also , I HATE the way this product comes out of the bottle . There must be a better way .
 Ok so I saved a lot of money purchasing this here instead of clinic ... 1 star for that . The second star is only because I think I am still trying to give it the benefit of doubt that eventually , soon , any day now , I will notice a difference in eye area by using this cream . Not yet though . Still waiting for some results . But I think I will just stick to Botox ... its worth the money !
 The color that arrived is more orange than the color swatch on the computer . I can not wear it .
 THE PACKAGING WAS POOR . THERE WAS NOTHING TO CUSHION THE PRODUCT , I RECIEVED IT LEAKING INTO THE BOX , JUST A BOTTLE OF LIQUID HAIR TREATMENT IN A BOX , NO BUBBLE RAP , NOTHING . I DONT EVEN KNOW IF THE PRODUCT IS AUTHENTIC . BECAUSE OF MY BUSY LIFE STYLE , I CANT TAKE THE HASSLE OF SHIPPING IT BACK , AND BESIDES IT 'S NOT THAT EXPENSIVE
 I have terrible dandruff . I have seen two dermatologists for prescription medications which did not work . I have tried almost every over the counter treatment and none of them worked . This product was my last attempt , and I used it as directed for two weeks . And again , it did NOTHING to control my dandfuff . I wish I could write a glowing report , but this product was a waste of time and money .
 The color that arrived is more orange than the color swatch on the computer . I can not wear it .
 impossiable discounts are con artist they just take money and dont send items i have now asked the office of fair trade to investigate this company with the help of amazon.do not trust this company
 I was very disappointed in this product . It sheds terribly and takes moretime to pick off what it leaves behind than applying your entire makeupapplication . I washed this brush thinking it would help , it did not . Terrible product for the money paid . Purchased from a local YoungBlooddealer not from Amazon . Same brush .
 I was very disappointed in this product . It sheds terribly and takes moretime to pick off what it leaves behind than applying your entire makeupapplication . I washed this brush thinking it would help , it did not . Terrible product for the money paid . Purchased from a local YoungBlooddealer not from Amazon . Same brush .
 Remington CIF75DT Teflon Fiber Ceramic Curling Iron , 3/4 InchI purchased this curling because I have had good experiences with other Remington curling irons . I did not like this curling iron . The `` cool tip '' was anything but cool . It got very warm to the touch . The other problem that I experienced with this curling iron was that it did not grip my hair . My hair is fine and it slipped right out of the barrel clip when I tried to use it . Also , it was accidently turned off while in use by bumping the off button when I clamped down the barrel clip . The price was good but I found this curling iron to be a big disappointment .
 This stuff is junk!It does not do what is says . Im very disappointed in the product . I love L'oreal and this just failed for me.Bottles were tiny . I seen no results using this !
 I did not feel any tingling or change in my face . I am going back to my doctor to get the real thing .
 Impossible Discounts is a horrible company to deal with . The L'oreal Dermo-Expertise kit they sent me was disgusting . The item description said brand new , but the product that arrived at my doorstep was clearly used . The tamper prevention seal on the flap of the box was already broken , and the box was old and grimy and looked like it had been handled a lot . Needless to say , I sent the product back , but Impossible Discounts refused to give a full refund of my purchase total . I caution anyone who plans to do business with Impossible Discounts . This company has zero integrity and horrible customer service .
 it wipes off so easily that it does n't pay to take the time to even put it on .
 Too hard , goes on dry , clumps up . It took forever to ship . Definitely not a satisfied customer . I went with `` Origins '' products . Way better and only $ 5 more but so worth the extra cash to have it right away and for a much better product . Will not order from this company again , let alone buy any of their products .
 The color is too bright . It does n't have a sheen or anything , it 's just too intense for my liking . But there are n't a lot of choices for organic lipsticks . I will probably buy again in a different color .
 The photo of the item I purchased showed a black tube , which was EXACTLY what I wanted as the black tube is an older formula that stays on forever . What was sent to me is the NEW formula in a silver/gold tube -LRB- which you may see here next to this review . I think the company may have corrected the image after my complaint . -RRB- The new formula is much creamier but does n't stay on any longer than your typical lipstick , & I wanted the old , stay-on-forever formula . I was SOOOO disappointed when I opened the package because it was the silver/gold tube
 I was very disappointed in this product . It sheds terribly and takes moretime to pick off what it leaves behind than applying your entire makeupapplication . I washed this brush thinking it would help , it did not . Terrible product for the money paid . Purchased from a local YoungBlooddealer not from Amazon . Same brush .
 I was very disappointed in this product . It sheds terribly and takes moretime to pick off what it leaves behind than applying your entire makeupapplication . I washed this brush thinking it would help , it did not . Terrible product for the money paid . Purchased from a local YoungBlooddealer not from Amazon . Same brush .
 Do not like the coverage and or the smoothness of the product . I have heard some positive things about this product for quite some time and felt I should try it . I am very dissappointed .
 I was very disappointed in this product . It sheds terribly and takes moretime to pick off what it leaves behind than applying your entire makeupapplication . I washed this brush thinking it would help , it did not . Terrible product for the money paid . Purchased from a local YoungBlooddealer not from Amazon . Same brush .
 I was very disappointed in this product . It sheds terribly and takes moretime to pick off what it leaves behind than applying your entire makeupapplication . I washed this brush thinking it would help , it did not . Terrible product for the money paid . Purchased from a local YoungBlooddealer not from Amazon . Same brush .
 Methylchloroisothiazolinone and methylisothiazolinone are potent sensitizers and bacterial mutagens that have links to neurological damage . Not only that , they are known allergens for 2 to 4 percent of the population . Through patch testing , I have found out I am allergic to MCI/MI and my eczema has improved dramatically since avoiding Eucerin products . Eucerin is one of the few companies that insist on using these ingredients in leave-on products . I have asked Eucerin directly for an explanation and received the following answer
 I ordered several products but this one review is going to cover them all . The products were received without proper lids which in shipping made them spill all over the boxes and stuck them together . They leaked so much on the bottles themselves the labels were coming off ! This is a product that I was then supposed to use on my face . I do n't think so ! The product that was shipped seperately was just as bad . The white covering on top that is supposed to protect the product was actually bubbled up and spilling out of the container . These were all products from Herbspro , but still sold by Amazon so they are just as responsible as these are the companies they chose . All products were returned for refund which is always a hassle so I will not be buying any skin products from Amazon in the future , I do n't care how much less they are . Remember you get what you pay for ! VERY disappointed in Amazon . Sincerely Janet
 This visor is not as attractive as it looks in the picture . But it is very light and folds up to a really small size so I will keep it in my purse just in case I get caught in the rain .
 While all of 100 % Pure 's body washes are equally gentle to the skin , I do n't recommend this particular scent . It reminds me of those scented markers - one always smelled like death rather than the fruit it represented . Yeah ... it 's like that ... Go with the Lemongrass .
 The paint on the blades started to burn off when we were using it , and it fell on the carpet and the ceramic blade fell out . I had a tru ceramic pro from tv years ago and it lasted 10 years . This one seems like a bootleg iron . It looks smaller , is not as heavy , looks cheaper made , and it gets real hot , I mean hot . I do n't think it is a safe product , that is why i 'm returning it .
 I purchased the True Cermaic the first time back in 2009 and I loved it for about 2 months and then it died on me . It made my hair so smooth and I was very upset that is just stopped working . I was very happy to see it listed in 2012 on amazon , so I decided to order it ... . and guess what ?? It lasted about 2 months and then just stopped working . At that time I purchased a different brand and that one is still going strong . The company that makes this item is &#34; out of business &#34; and I guess people are still trying to unload theirs ... . I wasted about 140.00 on this product ... STAY AWAY !!!
 i had this same straightener about yrs ago when it first came out ... and i loved it ! they are not made the same anymore . 10 to 15 min to heat up . . then as your straightening ... its gets cooler . nope ... not the same anymore : -LRB-
 I bought this item as a christmas present for my daughter ... she loved it , it worked perfectly and her hair looked amazaing ... fast forward 5 months ... it stopped working , just stopped working . Thinking it was maybe because it had fallen once or twice , I ordered another one . It stopped working after one month !!! She was using it , and the light turned off , indicating it was not working and it never worked again .
 I bought this product 8 years ago and it was great but it burnt out . I was okay that cause it lasted for so long . I loved it so much that I decided to order it again . I think the manufactor changed or something cause this second one is a waste of money . It 's terrible ! I 'm so disappointed !
 I bought this for my girlfriend who used to have one . First day , she plugged it in , and complained that the outside of the iron is hot , and it is not supposed to be -LRB- and her old one did not get hot on the outside -RRB- . I felt it , and agreed it was not safe . I thought she had the temp up too high , so I turned it off , reset the temp to a lower setting . I told her she had to wait for the red flashing light -LRB- as per directions -RRB- . I was finally able to locate where the red light should be , but it never came on . Directions say in seconds , it 's been plugged in for 20 minutes now , and it 's not getting hot again. , and no red light.I think this is either a knock off , as someone else suggested , or the product manufacturer has gone downhill . I will be making my first amazon return
 COMPRE ESTE PRODUCTO , Y HABIA TRABAJADO BIEN , LUEGO DE 2 O 3 USOS LA PINTURA QUE RECUBRE LAS PLACAS DE CERAMICA SE EMPEZO A CAER Y DA MUY MAL ASPECTO , LA CALIDAD ES REALMENTE MUY MALA
 you see on tv other thing , you use it and it leave your hair with so much frizz , and for curls in did not work.I watched the dvd to learn how to use it and I waste my time and also my money
 I used to use this product everyday , being my go-to eyeliner as other eyeliners have been too dark in color or too dry or do not sharpen well so I have to buy more and more for less product . This is no longer a good product , do not waste your money . I do n't know what changed in the formula or if they 're selling old and expired product now but for the past 5 purchases these eyeliners have been practically useless , hurting my eyelids because they 're so dry and thick , as well as breaking easily when sharpened . I have since found another eyeliner , if you must know it is Gabriel black eyeliner and it 's wonderful .
 Made in China . Need I say more ? I also got an infection in my eye soon after using the pencil . Not sure if there 's a correlation , but I stopped using the pencil two days ago and my eye seems to bet getting better .
 I took this for 3 days . I felt spacey each day but could talk quickly and definitely got more energy . I could n't go to sleep at night.Upon exertion -LRB- cutting roses -RRB- , my heart started pounding , it was racing . I am not prone to racing heart , the only other time I got that was from ephenephrine at the doctor 's office.Something in this is speedy , I wo n't be taking any again although the distributor keeps telling me to take less and work up ... I do n't want anything like this in my body .
 Great idea ... it just does n't work for my nails.Does not clip unless perfectly placed.If not placed just right , nail is simply bent ... ouch !!! Sorry !!
 These clippers just shredded my nails . I liked the idea that I could hold the clippers better than the all metal ones . Unfortunately they do n't cut well at all . I 've gone back to struggling with the small metal clippers .
 I bought this product because I have difficulty holding on to the usual style of fingernail clipper . I thought these would be ideal ; the picture showed them being used on a woman 's fingernails . BUT the cutting blades are so thick that I could n't get them under my nails and they removed parts of my fingertips instead . These might work better as toenail clippers but I use nail scissors for that task . I 'll put these in the Chinese auction at my reunion . I gave one star because they are easy to hold .
 The large handle and the angle of the blade are great but the blades do n't line up with each other so instead of cutting the nails they just break them off . I had put this item on my Amazon '' wish list '' and received it as a gift . Now I 'm not sure how to go about returning it without causing a lot of hassle for the gift giver .
 It turned out to be nothing like described . The jaws do NOT open wide enough to handle thick long nails . There was no sharp clipping . My nails were completely mangled ... shredded , ruining several pairs of socks . The grip is comfortable , but what good is that if it does n't perform to specifications ?
 this is an impossible item to cut toe nails with.the opening does not accommodate the thickness of all toe nails , and it does not make a clean cutwhen you can actually use it.you have to really exert pressure and hope it will cut the toe nail off , but many times it does not.this nail clipper went into the trash , can not recommend it at all .
 These did not perform as promised . They were not exactly easy to use , they did not provide an accurate cut , they were less useful than the old-type clippers -LRB- which is what I was hoping to get away from -RRB- . I believe it was a waste of money .
 worked for 2 weeks to make my skin smoother and softer , then stopped working all together .
 This is the second bottle of NYSA Red I have purchased . It is a big disappointment compared to the first . The scent is totally different this time . I 'm not sure why , but it is more of a bitter smell and very strong . I do n't think I will purchase this again .
 I expected this item to be a soft body type butter that you can use . Instead , it is hard and if you want to use it , you must melt/soften it every time .
 This product caused me to break out . I found it too be too thick to wear during the day .
 I 've been using this product daily for almost two months and will return it due to intense skin irritaion . In the beginning , I received compliments on how I looked , but suddenly my face is burning after application . And it is recommended to apply several times a day !
 I do n't know if I was wrong in expecting this sleep cap to be breathable enough for me to put my hair in rollers when it is wet , and put this cap over it to keep everything in place , and still have my hair dry overnight . My hair is long-ish -LRB- a little past my shoulders -RRB- but it is not thick . I used it once and probably wo n't use it again unless for some reason I need to hold a dry hair style in place , which is not something I ever do . This might be helpful for braided hair -LRB- cornrows -RRB- to not mess it up , but even then I would prefer to use something thinner on my head . This is rather bulky and is foam texture , and that little poof that they show on top is weird and has a solid plastic ring gathering the fabric loosely , so you ca n't tighten it . It 's just weird . Maybe I did n't understand the purpose of this thing .
 I found that I still had to use vaseline to get the rest of the makeup off my eyes , did not help me .
 I scanned other reviews for this product hoping to find anyone who mentioned whether it was effective at removing waterpoof mascara . Everyone says it 's `` gentle '' and `` non greasy '' and `` non irritating '' , etc. . All true . BUT if does n't even come close to removing my mascara ... does n't even make it smudge . Of course , I use an awesome waterproof mascara -LRB- tarte -RRB- that wo n't come off while swimming . So I was looking for a remover that could tackle that job - and this one could n't . I do agree that it 's gentle , non irritating , etc. . And it 's probably great at taking off eyeshadow -LRB- if you wear it -RRB- .
 Seeing a 5-star review of this product , I purchased it.It is a sticky clear GEL to be used with eyelids CLOSED and to be washed off after ... You have to prod to get the make-up off with this eye remover as well . Since you have to close your eyes , your eyeliner is still on when you re-open them . The instructions also say to wash product off with water afterwards.Because my eyeliner was still left on , I had to use the Klorane product -LRB- which is not gooey -RRB- to remove it . Because of the gooey nature of this product , and having to used a different eye make-up remover to take off my eyeliner , and then washing this product off my eyelids , I used it once and never touched it again ... too much work!The Klorane eye make-up remover is non-gooey , and as with this one , you have to prod a little , but it removes everything , it not irritating , and requires NO rinsing afterwards.When I have used up the Klorane , I 'll try the Almay pads because my dermatologist 's RN recommends them . I 'll write a review on them.NOTE
 I ordered this online and had never tried it before . In the past I had tried -LRB- and liked -RRB- oil-free eye make-up removers , eye make-up remover pads , and oil-based eye make-up removers . I was in the market for something oil-free when I found this.This remover is almost like gel . When I would put it on a cotton ball it would mush around the surface of the cotton and slather across my eye . It was very difficult to remove and left a weird film over my eyelids . I had to follow up with a hot wash cloth every time I used this . I finally gave up and gave it to a friend , and went back to my oil-free solution from the drug store .
 These were made for INDOOR TANNING ONLY , you must lie with you head PERFECTLY STILL AND UPRIGHT for them to stay on , if you wan to tilt your face a little , no can do they fall right off !! Apparently for indoor tanning the AC blows them right off too!Not for outdoors tanning , wind , and tilting your head even slightly will knock these things straight off!The little plastic ones with holes on them stay on wayyy better.I do n't feel they protect my eyes very well either ! They are clear plastic with UV protection supposedly but with sunshine burning straight through them I do n't think they are fully protecting your eyes .
 Not going to lie , these things are cheaply made . Very thin plastic , when you wear these it is similar to looking through an empty bottle of Mountain Dew .
 I recently bought a pair of `` Sunsets '' after leaving my trusty `` Peepers '' in my car while it was getting fixed . Unlike traditional tanning goggles , Sunsets are only for the lay down beds and only if you lay on your back . I thought they sounded like a great idea because the elastic string on my peepers annoyed me and I did n't really want a tan line across the bridge of my nose . Although the sunsets did protect my eyes 100 % from uv rays and looked kind of cool , I found they did nothing to prevent the dreaded `` racoon eye '' except for not having a band in between them . I do n't have particularly long eyelashes , but I find even when my eyes are closed my eyelashes still blink a little and the Sunsets kept falling off and I would have to get up out of the bed and search for them . Also , if I were to put the towel over my face for any part of my tanning session it would cause them to fall off . I think they will be great for tanning outside in my backyard in the summer when it does n't matter so much if they fall off , but the bottom line is they just do n't cut it for any kind of long tanning session .
 I trashed these after only 1 use . These do goggles are junk . They do not block out enough light and fall off your eyes if you move your head at all . Also if the AC in the tanning bed is blowing on your face , the goggles can not stay on . They also do not fit close enough to the face to block out all the light . I purchased them from the market place , and when they arrived the top of the goggles were already a little scratched up . They were supposed to be new .
 If you are looking out to block out the light % 100 do not buy these . They are sheer , I do n't see the point .
 Great in concept , horrible in execution , try as I might I have not been able to get these to work and stay in place.I bought these to use outside in the sun -LRB- not in a tanning booth -RRB- . I thought that they would be a good compromise to help save my eyes from some of the UV rays as I was sunning . Thus far , I have been unable to get these to stay on my face for more than a few seconds . I do n't know if there is any trick to them or not ... . but for me , they do not work . I wanted them to work because I liked the concept . But they do not.Not recommended .
 Sorry , but I have bought several Lemongrass Mint products from different manufacturers and this smells NOTHING like them . It smells more like a hospital cleaner than anything else . I have a GOOD nose , and I am sorry , but this smell is NOT PLEASANT to me in any way .
 I purchased this as an option for covering gray between coloring my hair . I would not recommend it because of the lack of coverage and it does not dry onto the hair , like a semi or permanent haircolor , comes off on comb , possibly clothing ... what if you were caught in the rain?I decided to let my gray hair grow out with the help of my stylist and highlights .
 Since Procter & Gamble moved production to Mexico , the product does n't seem to be nearly as good as it used to be . The Scalp Therapy used to really tingle on my scalp and now it does n't do anything other than just sit there . Apparently , they closed down the U.S. manufacturing plant and started producing Nioxin in Mexico . It appears to me they may have also changed the formula . Either way , I do n't perceive the same thickening effect it used to have . This is unfortunate because I used to really love this product line .
 Since Procter & Gamble moved production to Mexico , the product does n't seem to be nearly as good as it used to be . The Scalp Therapy used to really tingle on my scalp and now it does n't do anything other than just sit there . Apparently , they closed down the U.S. manufacturing plant and started producing Nioxin in Mexico . It appears to me they may have also changed the formula . Either way , I do n't perceive the same thickening effect it used to have . This is unfortunate because I used to really love this product line .
 I 've also purchased two of these dryers . My mistake to not keep the boxes or receipts . The first lasted me a good year in a professional atmosphere . I am now a stay at home mom and have had the second for a year with minimal -LRB- twice a week -RRB- use . It worked fine one day , the next , the lights turn on but no dryer . I 'm very dissapointed as they are expensive . I am looking into a solano as that is what I was trained on and hopefully will be a more approving choice . My opinion , dont waste your money on chi dryers .
 This was a horrible product - a complete fake . It looked extremely cheap , and when i plugged it in and turned it on , and it would not even get hot . Amazon charged me for returning it too . I would NOT recommend this purchase - its better to spend the extra money on a real one from a reputable retail store .
 Amazon was fantastic about my returning this product !!! However , it has a burning smell for a few seconds every time I turned it on and then had a high pitch squeal . When I did return it , Amazon made the process easy and refunded my money quickly !
 This is a horrible company . They are producing dryers they know spark and catch on FIRE ! Their dryers are a fire hazard & they know it ! They make it difficult to return . Charge for shipping and replacements and you pay to ship FIRE HAZARD back ! Then the new one does the same thing that is why you see them at marshalls and TJ maxx ! Be vary careful ! This is a horrible company and they need to protect consumers against Chi !
 I regret spending so much money on this hairdryer . It stopped working after 10 months . I will never buy a Chi product again .
 I spent a bit more on a hair dryer 21/2 years ago when I needed to replace a cheap brand that had worked for 7 years . I thought I would spend a little more on a nicer one and see how it would do . I had been previously very happy with this purchase until this morning . While using it on the low setting as I do every single day , suddenly it changed itself to high -LRB- during use mind you -RRB- , and low would no longer work . This means that on the low setting , it blows high as it does on the high setting also . I never use high . I called their customer service and since it 's no longer under warranty , I 'm just out of luck . So this expensive hair dryer becomes a disposable piece of garbage after 21/2 years . I 'm extremely disappointed , and my next purchase will NOT be a CHI brand because of this experience .
 Piece of crap !!! Worked awesome for 6 months before completely dying . Not advertised is the fact that the warranty does n't appy to the purchase of this dryer outside of a professional salon . Total waste of a lot of money !!
 Our dryer having just died , I thought I would purchase this dryer from Amazon . Among the products listed was one that was from the Amazon Warehouse . For those not familiar , the Warehouse sells items that are returned from their customers that can not be sold as new as the original customer opened the package . This dryer was described as `` Like New '' and in the box . Thinking this was a good deal given the price , I purchase the item and it arrived this evening . Upon opening , I wanted to see how well it operated so I plugged it into the wall , turned the dryer on and there was nothing . As you know , most dryers , including this one , are manufactured with a `` safety breaker '' at the plug . Looking down , I noticed that the breaker was tripped and would not reset . Thinking this was odd , I inspected the unit further . Looking at the dryer handle , I noticed that the power cord was stripped , frayed and hanging by only a few strands of copper . I was terrified that this item had been allowed to be shipped by Amazon . I feel fortunate that it was discovered when it was as it could have easily electrocuted me or a memeber of my family . I have requested a return and it will be shipped back tomorrow . It is this kind of carelessness that are at the root of wrongful death and product liability lawsuits . Amazon would be well advised to either discontinue the practice of selling returned items until such a time as they can ensure the individuals responsible for `` inspecting '' such items are versed in what is acceptable and what is not . I 've been a customer with Amazon since the late 1990s , spent thousands of dollars and am throughly disappointed . Beware of any item you purchase that is advertised as a `` like new '' return being sold by their Warehouse .
 I am a loyal Chi Rocket user and after my first hairdryer died after 4 years of excellent service I did n't think twice about replacing it with the same product . Unfortunately , after only a month of usage the dryer makes a loud buzzing sound and vibrates after being on for over two minutes . It sounds like it 's going to explode . It 's still working but from the sound it 's making it could die any second . My first dryer did n't even sound like this before it died . I contacted Amazon and unfortunately they no longer are carrying the product so can not offer a replacement . I contacted Farouk and , as others have mentioned , they do not cover any product that was purchased online and warned that there were counterfits being sold through non-authorized outlets . Amazon did say they might be able to offer a partial refund but I ca n't find any online for this price . Just wanted to warn everyone ...
 i bought this blow dryer June 6 , 2012 . Exchanged it for another one that i received June 26 , 2012 . The first one made a high pitch noise when turned on . The replacemant just died on me today , November 12 , 2012 . What the heck ?!? this is VERY disappointing considering i paid $ 150.00 for a blow dryer that I essentially only used June 26th-Septempber 18th . I moved out of state so i have not been working -LRB- waiting for my license to transfer states -RRB- and it has been stored with the rest of my work tools . I only used it today because i did my little sister 's hair . ughhhhh . I guess i will have to go back to using the Paul Mitchell blow dryer i was using before .
 Update
 This products is total junk ! I have never taken the time to write a review , but if I can save one person the aggravation I have been through hooray ! I have had 2 dryers -LRB- chi -RRB- and they both lost the ability to get hot , I was lucky the second time I savedtheboxand receipt , took it back they got me another one from the shelf I asked them to plug it in , well it got so hot and smelled like burning plastic , I refused to have my dryer replaced by Chi , and the sales clerk totally agreed with me , she even said all the stylist got rid of theirs for the same reason ! Junk , pay $ 20 at least it will work and when it does n't you still are not out a bundle !
 AVOID Farouk/CHI at all costs . My dryer stopped working after only 9 months of light use , and they wo n't accept the 1-year warranty because it was purchased online and not through a salon.I will never buy another Farouk product .
 My husband bought me a Chi Rocket dryer in August 2007 for $ 135 , which to me was a fortune for a dryer . It was absolutely wonderful for a little over two years , when it just up and quit on me . When I called Farouk about getting it fixed , I was told they would only fix them for two years after the purchase , and I was about 90 days over that . I ca n't see ever spending that much for a dryer again , I definitely did n't get $ 135 use out of it . I guess it 's back to Walmart dryers again . The one my husband 's using is about four years old and cost $ 40 !
 I purchased this dryer to replace a Fhi dryer that had lasted me a good while and was hoping for a good replacement . This was not to be , I was at first disapointed with the minimal control over the heat and blower settings but it did not really end up mattering as the thing totally died within two weeks , thank God Amazon took it back and I did not have to deal with the horrible warrenty . What a waste .
 It arrived , I plugged it in ... there was a flash , spark ... dead . I had already thrown the box away , my mistake . I will say this is my second CHI dryer from Folica ... so odds are 50/50 in my scenario about getting a bad one .
 i took a chance and bought a CHI dryer in july 2008 and it 's broken just a little over 8 months later . for a $ 120 + hair dryer to break within a year , that 's poor quality workmanship . it was never dropped , exposed to water , or mistreated in any way . for what it 's worth , i would n't recommend buying any CHI product to anyone - my CHI flat iron also broke within a year from the date of purchase . what 's funny -- if you read the warning labels on the CHI products , the english is very broken . for example , the warning on my dryer read `` push reset button if not turn on . '' it begs the question of where are these made and with what quality of products ?
 My nails split and peel , so I wanted something to seal them . I tried this product alone and hours later , after a bath , it peeled . Water got under it and it peeled off like stickers . Could n't return it so , to justify the expense , I now seal it with a top coat before it 's completely dry . No more peeling , but it does chip . May try this as a middle layer instead of a base . Will not repurchase .
 After reading the review I was so disappointed . Applied exactly as instructed . Used 2 coats . It gives your nails a whitish look . I prefer clear as I do n't wear colored polish . So was n't happy about that . Then followed with the never break laminate . The No Wraps lifts and peels away . Especially on the sides of my nails in big chunks . No I did n't apply it too thick . And I constantly use hand cream and wash dishes with gloves on , I much prefer the Instant Artificials . It lasts a long time . Is clear . And is very durable .
 In its attempt to thicken fine hair , this product ends up weighing the hair down with goo . Normally I can get away with washing my hair every other day , but if I put this spray on it , I have to wash it out every day .
 I used this product a couple of times and because it was n't an aerosol the spray was too heavy and made my hair wet .
 This honeybee nail polish flaked off first day I put it on , and the honeybee nail polish remover does n't work either . Do n't waste your time on trying these.I thought I had found a great product , I am sensitive to strong smells , but guess I will just have to go outside to put on my horrible smelling regular nail polish and when I use my horrible smelling polish remover .
 I took the risk and was very displeased . The color was not pretty at all and took too long to dry especially in thehumidity of summer . Do n't even try it ... Revlon has been recommended in a natural cosmetic book and it 's so much better .
 As a customer , making an informed decision is crucial , especially in the case when purchasing anything with chemical ingredients . As a customer I need to know whether or not this product is a sodium hydroxide -LRB- lye -RRB- based or no lye product , it does make a difference and knowing what other ingredients are added can help as well . Thanks in advance for updating your Detailed Description .
 this was not a good product . It was very greasy and did not help me at all . I would not buy it again .
 I sent this product back after one use . I could n't get the smell off my hands and no matter what the good properties of it were , there was no way I 'd ever be able to stand the smell of it on me . Blech .
 This product is terrible . The smell resembled the kind where you go on public transport & someone next to you reeks of garlic , egg & sweat . I 'm not joking . Used it for a week , it made no difference to the flakes & my hair smelt awful . Avoid !
 I bought this product as I was visiting the UK and it was cold there.This made no difference on my flaking.It just did not work for me.And I used it about 4 times hoping that I would have seen a difference.As I said before I saw no change .
 I purchased this roller set as a gift for someone after reading the Amazon reviews ; her experience did not match those of the other reviewers . The Remington H-1080N rollers were slow to heat , the roller clamps were difficult to place in the proper position , and it was difficult to put the rollers back in their proper slots when finished . The product 's design is fundamentally flawed
 I purchased these as a Christmas gift for my daughter . They take way too long to heat up and the clips leave a crimp mark in her hair . For the money I do n't think they were worth it .
 These roller sets have very short posts so that slightly bumping them knocks them over . The hinged lid is n't removable so it crowds the vanity . And the lid does n't snap closed , therefore if you close the lid , slightly bump the set , all of the rollers spill out . The rollers have melted at the edges , leaving grey plastic on the heaters -LRB- I 've been lucky about my hair and have stopped using them -RRB- . The oval case makes it impossible to wrap the cord for storage . The clamps do n't work on even slightly long or thick hair . I 've used electric rollers since 1969 and this is the only horrible design I 've had .
 I bought these rollers , my first hot rollers ever , hoping for good results , which I did not get . They took a long time to heat up , took forever to put in my hair , clips did not stay in , so my hair all fell out of the rollers . They took a long time to cool down . When I removed them , the curls were pretty , but only lasted for about 30 minutes .
 The Electric Rollers that were advertised and that I purchaseed were Remington Body Waves - Model 1080i - The Model Number that was shipped was Model Number 1080n . Is this false advertisment ? Really very disappointed . I ordered on line so that I would not have the hassle or waste the time of going to a retail establishment and making the purchase . I now have to figure out a way to repackage the merchandise and get it to the shipper !!!
 I bought these rollers yesterday and they are terrible . I plan on returning them . They do not stay up in my my wife 's hair . They give you these flimsy plastic clips that do n't work . Wt would probably work on women who do n't have thick hair . She wanted to do her hair nice for a day out and ended up having to use a curling iron and running a bit late due to all the lost time she put in to trying to use these rollers . Next time I will spend more more for a better product .
 Knowing what I know now after having purchased these hot rollers , I would not buy them again if they went on sale for a dime . My chief complaint is that the clips are horribly designed and allow the rollers to fall out of my hair almost as fast as I can put them in . The rollers that did manage to stay in place -LRB- very , very few of what I put in -RRB- produced curl which was way too soft to last for more than a very short time . About the only positive thing I can say about this set of curlers is that the ends stay much cooler than those in my old set -LRB- which were so hot to handle that I threw them away after a very short use . The old set is about to get company ... -RRB-
 I got this curler set , and I completely regret it ! I used it once , and I wont touch it again ! It left my hair frizzy , and there was a bump from where the clamps were . It took me 3x as long to get fix my hair as it did to put it in the curlers and wait for it to cool down . I would n't even give it one star ... take my advice - DO NOT buy this !!
 This product has been a disappointment . It takes up too much room when open . It needs a retractible cover -LRB- like my old Clairol set -RRB- . It is not good for travel , because the rollers do not stay put . If you accidentally bump it , the rollers will disengage and the plastic will melt . Most of my rollers have melt spots after just a few weeks of use . You must do a lot of guess work to get the rollers back in the right spot . And , if you do n't , guess what -- more melting . It does not have a handle for carrying , and you have to find your own storage for the roller clamps . Very klutzy design . Do not recommend .
 The curlers just do n't curl my hair . As soon as I remove them my hair falls flat-I have fine hair which usually curls very well . Maybe the curlers do n't get hot enough but also the hair clips do n't hold the curlers tight to my scalp . Either way they do n't even give body or fullness to my hair . Extremely unhappy with this product .
 I am not satisfied with my Remington Hot Rollers . They do not get hot enough . Also , it appears that `` ions '' are the big buzz word in hair curling products . The ion part of the product makes my hair much too soft . That means they do not provide body for my hair . It is difficult to find a hair product that does not have ions as part of the product . So , what is a person supposed to do ? I am sure I am not the only one with fine , straight hair . Perms damage my hair too much!Remington , please , please consider bringing back a hot roller product that has all or mostly small hot rollers without the ions . The reason I had to purchase new hot rollers is because my `` Remington Tightcurls '' finally gave out and quit working . I had them for years and they finally quit working . They were all the same size -LRB- small -RRB- and I loved them.Sincerely , Kristine Wright4941 Memphis Ct.Hilliard OH 43123USA
 I bought these curlers for a trip to europe , mainly for the size and dual voltage . They were a huge disappointment for me , mainly because of the clips ! It is true that the rollers are heavy . My hair is very thick , but even with minimal hair around the curler , the clips kept popping off . Once I got the clips to stay and left them on to set , I had clip marks left in my hair ! The only way I could use them was to use the metal pins from my old set . Also , these plastic clips are not travel friendly . They take up almost as much space as the rollers . And my set did not heat up in 90 seconds at home or abroad . Sorry , but dont get these if you have thick hair or do n't have a backup set of clips !
 I 've used hot rollers for everyday styling years ago , but after going to a very short ` do , I eventually got rid of them . Lately 've been letting my hair grow out and decided to go back to trusty old hot rollers . Not much has changed , but I wanted to try a newer type of roller , one that dispensed with metal clips and I thought the grippy coating on these would be nice.I 've thrown them out , having found them useless . First off - I do n't think they get hot enough . Second off , the plastic clips they come with do n't hold hair tightly - even if I managed to get them on tight , they quickly loosened and the rollers are then flopping around , unrolling . Even the best result I got was just nothing , nothing but a very slight volume , nothing that could n't be accomplished with a little hair gel and a blow dryer . \ Very disappointing . I would n't recommend this set at all .
 The item pictured is not the item I received . I love these rollers and I wanted the exact same thing when I reordered them . Instead I got them with plastic clip ons instead of metal pins . The plastic clip ons do n't fit in the roller case and do n't hold the hair as well . They are a nuisance to travel with . It took awhile to track down the people who sent this to me for a refund as there was no receipt included in the package . Too bad because the original rollers are great .
 ASIN , Remington Travel Hair Curler , H1012 Did n't receive the item I ordered . Ordered item #H -1012 for $ 22.65 , received item #H -1012 i , for $ 23.65 Wanted metal clips , not pink plastic clips.Wanted to return , but will keep , if I can receive 5 large rollers , and 10 , large metal clips . -LRB- Even if I have to pay additional charge -RRB- . Thank you , DeAnna Asborno , P.O. Box 2348 , West Dover , Vt. 05356
 My rollers are constantly popping out of the clip holders from this set , regardless of me using more or less hair . Maybe there is a magical perfect portion of hair to roller ratio . If so it is impossible to find . I dunno , but I do know I would NOT recommend these . Also even when I get these to stay in my hair , my hair does n't curl nearly as much as it usually does in hot rollers . Overall buy something else .
 These were not what I expected at all . The rollers were small and the comfort clips did n't even stay on the roller once I wrapped my hair around it . I used the rollers once -LRB- that was enough wasting my time -RRB- and they did not even curl my hair . My hair had not volume or body . These rollers not good for long hair . I returned this item and wish I had never ordered them .
 I have to agree with the rest of the negative reviews . I purchased these curlers for travel , and their practically useless . First , the curlers are too heavy and do not stay in your hair . Second , the clips do not hold the heavy curler . Very disappointing :{ . The good news , is that I have finally found a travel set which meets the needs of shoulder lenght hair or shoulder.The product I would purchase instead is the Conair Instant Heat Compact Styling Setter , Model HS 28 . The Conair curlers are perfect for traveling & camping ! I too am a big fan of the Clairol curlers from long ago . These Conair are the next best thing to the Clairol curlers .
 The pins for the curlers are awkward and hard to use . I do n't like them .
 I bought this set directly from the manufacturer . I have the previous old set that I 've gone back to using because the rollers are far easier to put in place and they stay in place . I do sometimes get the crimped look on top with the old set , but I go to war with the new set . I have been using this new set for two months and used it on a month 's vacation . I had high hopes it would work well because I loved my old set and it is compact . It was a battle to keep the rollers in place . They are too heavy , the pins do n't stay in place easily . If you have short or thin hair , they want to fall out .
 Like the other reviewers here , I was disappointed with this product . Although the rollers themselves were great and heated quickly , the plastic clips that came with them were AWFUL . They were weak and did not hold the curlers in place . After two months , all of the plastic clips had snapped , rendering the entire item useless .
 The curlers that they send is not the set shown in the picture . I have been looking for the blue set with the clips shown , but that is not what you get when you order this product . You get a black and pink set that has different horrible white clips.I was very dissappointed . I already own this set and do not like it at all . I thought I was ordering the set shown in the picture . Amazon has been very misleading .
 If you are looking for a small travel set , this is about the most compact I have been able to find . I like the small size of this set but I find it is frustrating to use because the rollers are so heavy - the weight of the rollers makes it difficult to keep the rollers in my hair and they often fall out . Also , the metal pins that hold the rollers on also get loose which again , causes the rollers to fall out of your hair . I phoned the manufacturer when I purchased this set to ask why on earth they had made the rollers so heavy . I was told the heating elements are in each of the individual curlers -LRB- ! -RRB- and this is how they can make the unit so small -LRB- there is no heating element on the bottom of the set - it is instead inside each roller . -RRB- Be forewarned , if your hair is too short , the curlers will not stay in because of their weight . I had a shorter haircut once , and there was no way I could use this roller set - the curlers would absolutely not stay in ! I compare this set to an old set of Clairol hot rollers I have that is the greatest . The Clairol hot roller set has very lightweight flocked rollers with a plastic band around each end that sits up and stays cool to the touch . Because the stay cool end band sits up , it 's very easy to keep your fingers away from the hot part of the roller . It 's easy to touch the hot part of the Remington blue rollers which is not much fun - it gets very hot and burns your fingers . Back to the Clairol rollers - they are very easy to use and stay in , but the set I have is a set of 18 which is way too big for travel . Clairol had the best rollers . Another neat thing about the Clairol set was , you could have small , medium , or large rollers and they all fit on the same heating pin . Some other manufacturers sets would come with certain size rollers that you could not change , for instance , they 'd have 6 medium and 6 jumbo rollers and you have no option to change it . With the Clairol set , you could order any size rollers you wanted so if you wanted all small , or more jumbo or any combo you wanted , you could have it . If any manufacturers are reading this review , P-L-E-A-S-E produce a 6 or 8 travel flocked roller set like the old Clairol sets . They would sell like hotcakes ! The Remington is the best I could find for now , so go for it if you have long -LRB- at least shoulder length -RRB- hair and can stand a little frustration with trying to keep the rollers in !!!
 I 've been the owner of several Remington Express Sets in my lifetime . All of them have worked wonderfully . My issue with these rollers is n't their quality - they work excellently , heat up quickly and are very compact to store . The only problem is that instead of pins , they come with clippy-type holders to keep them in your hair . I suppose the clips would work okay if you have fine , short to medium length hair . I have shoulder length hair that 's not very thick , and the clip holders would not keep the rollers in my hair.I could only put a VERY small section of hair around the roller if I had any hope of it staying put on my head . Most of the time the clips would pop off and the roller would fall out if I so much as turned my head.Remington has another set of compact express rollers called `` All That '' , which are almost identical in function , only they come with pins instead of the clips . If you 're looking for something quality , compact and easy to use that will stay in your hair until YOU 'RE ready to take them out , I 'd recommend that set instead of this one .
 I received the wrong item . It had no return information . Sent them an e-mail a week ago and I have n't heard from them yet .
 I never received this product . I never got any notification on what happened with this product .
 Make sure you are aware of the size of this mirror . It was taller and bigger than I wanted . The ` touch ' lighting is neat , but none of the 3 settings were bright enough for me . The magnifying side was hard to use . I had to look in a certain spot to really be able to see . The extra plug on the base could come in handy .
 I ordered one shaver and it came charged . It worked for about 2 shaves and then the battery died . Plugged it in and it never recharged . They sent me a replacement but it did n't work either . Neither of them charged . Not sure it was a battery problem or charger issue . Either way , I sent them both back and they said they would refund the purchase price .
 BUYERS BEWARE
 The old Remingtons in years past were very good shavers , so I bought this one with confidence . However , after only about a dozen shaves the screeens were already full of holes worn in them . I was very gentle with this shaver and kept it very clean . There 's no excuse for such a failure . I threw it away and did n't waste any more of my time with a company that I 'm sure would place the blame on me . They fooled me once , and that 's the only chance they 're getting . For now I 'm shaving the old fashioned way with a razor , and will probably continue to . The majority of electric shavers are ridiculously overpriced and are no comparison to the quality of shave you get with a real blade .
 I bought one of these and the trimmer feature broke after a few months . It has a button that pops the trimmer up , and then you have to push it back down until it snaps in place . Well the trimmer could no longer snap back into place , so I would have to manually hold the trimmer down while using the foil to shave . VERY awkward . I bought a second one , thinking I just abused the first one , exact same thing happened . This razor is n't worth it .
 I have had my TCT shaver for a year and a half . After about 7 months , the trimmer had trouble staying down . Today , the trimmer stopped working all together . The shave is nice , but dont expect it to perform as close as they say . I have a tough beard and it does not perform as well on tough beards .
 Replaced an older remington with this one since the screens were worn out and the old one was n't cordless . This one does n't give as close a shave as the old one . Also after using it for a while , the pop-out beard trimmer wo n't pop back in .
 Must admit it was the closest shave I 've ever had with an electric razon . Unfortunately it has a few drawbacks . Replacement blades and screens are currently unavailable or difficult to come by . Durability is a serious issue . Trimmer will not stay down and is jammed in up position . Shaver jammed and does not work after six months of use . Unfortunately an $ 80 lesson in purchasing the wrong razor .
 I received the shaver and the protective foil cover would not stay attached to the razor and was unusable . It was a total loss !
 This shaver never could seem to get all the hairs , particularly below the neck . Works ok if you really need a quick shave , but does n't cut near as close as a regular straight razor .
 absolutely horrible . I had the older -LRB- about 4 years ago -RRB- titanium with only 2 blades and it was very good , but not great . I obviously was hoping that in 4 years they would have learned a few things at the very least . Not so . This product should not even be given away . It is so bad I have to write this review and I do so under great stress as I rarely have time like this.Pros
 This shaver does not perform for me . The manufacturer states that it takes 3 to 4 weeks for one 's face and beard to adjust to the shaver . So , during this time one is supposed to accept having a partially shaved look ? Not recommended .
 I have had three Remington shavers and they perform great , but poor battery life is the achilles heel of the product . With daily shaving , expect your battery to last about 18 months . After that , it 's time to either ship it to an ` authorized repair site ' and incur a big fee or plunk down more cash for a new one .
 I bought the product and not 2 weeks after using it the trimmer feature broke . I returned it to the store and exchanged it for the same thing giving it a second chance . With in a months time the same thing happened ... . I lost my reciept and just excepted my loses . No wonder you can by this on clearance on ... , I just saw it on clearance for -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- at ... . Think twice about buying this shaver .
 An OK shaver but crapped out on me after 2 uses . So , , I am attempting to return it .
 All 3 were defective !!!!! They replaced 1 in all said the other 2 and that 1 all went bad in 3 months !!!!!!!
 The only reason why I gave it 2 stars -LRB- and why I probably wont return it -RRB- is because that it has the exfoliating attachment -LRB- for applying facial scrub -RRB- . As far as the cleansing head goes - I already have it -LSB- for free -RSB- since I purchasedConair MDF2R Facial Sauna With Timer . And the `` massage head '' is complete junk - as it doesnt even get the job done -LRB- conair piece is much better for moisturizer & massage - as it as sponge vs. some stupid plastic bouncing on your head -RRB- .
 I was very excited about this after reading the reviews . Please know that it is scented and it is the consistency of Desitin - it is half flake/half cream .
 I bought this really to clean my feet from hard callous and the motor just was n't strong enough . Had to return it .
 This soap appeared to be a good buy for a sandalwood soap . But , the fragrance is slight while bathing and does not last long afterword . This is a hard soap with very little lather and seemed to take a long time to wash . I have used several other sandalwood soaps and the scents vary considerably from brand to brand . This soap smells nice when held against your nose , but otherwise is unremarkable . I would not recommend this soap to anyone who enjoys sandalwood . However , it would make a respectable motel soap !
 This is just soap drizzled over synthetic flower petals . This product is way over priced ! I gave $ 18.25 for this . I have never been so disappointed with a product sold on Amazon . Do n't waste your $ .
 The stuff really does protect your skin , if you can handle the scent . I had cracks in fingertips that hurt really bad . The lotion helped , but I could n't stand to leave it on . Might be good if you are working on a car engine , but not for office work/typing . The smell is horrible.The blue/wet Kerodex is much better .
 Pleasures Exotic by Estee Lauder for Women 3.4 oz Eau de Parfum SprayThe one i received from the seller seems to be fake . It has a yellowish color and the scent seem off and does n't last long . I just ordered this online because i have a gift card to use and the one i currently have is about to run out . I have n't use it then and guess returning it back is an issue because you have to pay restocking fee . If i just bought it from Macy 's , there wont be a problem returning it back . I would like to get my money back and return the merchandise .
 Unfortunately , my experience with this tanning lotion has n't been as positive as most reviewers . This stuff streaked like nobody 's business , and it left horrible patches on `` bendy '' areas like my neck , the outside of my armpits , and inside my elbows and knees that made me look like a leper . I was thoroughly disappointed in this lotion and wo n't use it again . I hate wasting products I spent good money on , so it pains me to throw this stuff in the trash , but I just do n't have a choice .
 I have orange , somewhat streaked legs after using this one time . I LOVE Dove energy glow , but they stopped making it and now you can only find it at outrageous prices . I am on the hunt to find the next best thing and this is not it .
 I have olive-toned skin that tans easily and this product does n't do the trick . Plus , it smells really strong . I recommend the caribbean beach solutions self-tanning lotion . That actually worked and did n't smell as bad .
 Okay , I 'm a novice at sunless tanning lotions , so I think that the streaks are probably my fault because I did n't do a fantastic job of rubbing it in evenly ... But that does n't change the fact that I 'm now at work and my body is covered in shimmery specks .
 I 'm a male who wanted a good base color for a beach trip so I decided to try this product . Given the glowing reviews and mild description I figured it would be a nice , subtle change of skin tone . After applying yesterday I noticed on my commute to work that I 'm glittery as hell . Luckily I did n't apply this to my face , but I 'm forced to wear long sleeves for a while ... So unless you want to look like your from a Twilight movie I suggest you go with another ` natural looking ' tanning product .
 I received a sample of this for Christmas and when it ran out I ordered it from Amazon . I got many compliments while using the sample . The bottle I got from Amazon is nowhere as fragrant as the sample bottle . Not even close . I use twice as much and can barely smell it . No comments since using this product . I am not a fragrance expert , this is only my opinion , based on my experience .
 When i received my latest order of this product the bottle was of a different design and the scent different . I checked with the manufacturer , YSL and was told that the product was discontinued 18 months ago !
 I ordered this product on Amazon.com and they got their money and I have never received the product . I am very unhappy with this vendor and the fact that I have paid for something that I have not received .
 I really liked this product when i was about 12 . Years later , i 've been looking for it in stores , finally just looked for it online . I was really excited to use it again , however it really does n't work as great as i remebered . It actually makes your hair pretty sticky/crunchy like heavy hairspray -LRB- i did n't even use much -RRB- and it does not smell good at all . I guess there 's a reason they discontinued it .
 Up to now , I have been a fan of Mehaz nippers having used them for many years and loved the sharpness , shape and ease of use so when it came time to buy some new ones I went out of my way to order only Mehaz since I had had such good luck with them in the past . I ordered the Mehaz 005-4 '' 1/4 Jaw nipper and was surprised and extremely disappointed that both nippers I had ordered were not sharp and tore the cuticle more then cut it . I had to return both .
 Shipping was very slow . When I contacted the supplier by phone they were uninterested . I would not use this supplier again . The one star is for shipping the correct product .
 I currently own a set of AUTHENTIC CHI round ceramic brushes . I bought the 1.5 '' , the 2.0 '' , and the 3.0 '' CHI Round Ceramic Brushes from Omni Solutions . BUYER BEWARE , they are selling counterfit CHI round ceramic brushes for the authentic price . This is the worst experience I have had buying online . I am asking for a refund .
 The description of this item is a Medium 2.0 '' brush , however the brush I received in the mail was tiny and not even close to 2 '' in diameter . This small round brush does not work on my long hair . I ended up going to Ulta to purchase the actual 2 '' brush and it is great .
 I ordered this because it was described as the `` After-shave Balm '' but when I received it I immediately noticed it did n't smell right . Upon closer inspection I realized the item received is actually the emulsion not the balm product . Personally , I do n't care for the emulsion scent -- just the balm one . When I looked very close at the product image on Amazon I realized it does show the emulsion product . So the seller should really correct the item description to reflect that is the IM after-shave emulsion .
 I did not like this moisturizer at all . It is too thick and does not penetrate your hair or scalp.It just sits on your hair in a big white glob . This is the only product by this line that I did not care for . The shampoo and conditioner works great , but this was a complete waste of money .
 I tried this mineral oil - and artificial ingredient-product when it was new along with the hair quencher and dry hair healer . I got only crappy results of oil build up with flakes on my scalp , even though this was not used on my scalp . I used it 3 times and once or twice on freshly washed hair and each time flakes and oily buildup . No , I was n't heavy handed when using them , especially after the first use . Readers , this product IS LIKE ALL OF SOFTSHEEN CARSON PRODUCTS , and THEY CONTAIN THE SAME INGREDIENTS WITH LITTLE DIFFERENCE . The good stuff are listed toward the bottom and the cheap crap like mineral oil is listed first and second . Why bother with stuff like this that only coats your hair and scalp that leave an oily buildup . Just buy the `` micro oils '' this product claims that are working for you but in fact it 's the major ingredients that are `` working '' for you -- mineral oil and silicones . Using natural , pure oils will benefit you more than this . I did that and changed what I washed my hair with , and my hair improved and grew better since using stuff like this to `` wash , '' to `` condition , '' and to `` moisturize . '' If individual pure oils are not what you seek but desire a product with more than one ingredients , then please check out REAL natural products that have moisturizing properties from companies like littlepenguinsonline.com , or brownbutterbeauty.com or beemine.com . NO , I DO N'T WORK FOR THESE COMPANIES OR KNOW ANYONE OF THESE COMPANIES . I have tried there products of various kinds from hair teas to scalp conditioner to pomades that can be used on the body without regret , and yes , I enjoy using them . So , I assume this message may help others , too .
 I tried to use this for me and my daughters ' hair . I 'm not sure who this is working for but I am black and both my daughters are of different racial mixes and it does n't work for any of our hair types . First , it SITS on top of the hair in a big white pasty glob that barely settles in even with much brushing . Second it dries our hair out horribly , seeing that the so called natural oils in it are n't at the top of ingredients , petroleum and mineral oil which are both no no 's for black hair are . I can feel my hair hardening up and breaking off as soon as I tried to rub it it . It went from soft and slightly oily to dried up and stiff in one application . I am horrified that this is on the market . Ladies the petroleum and mineral oil in this is no good for your hair and trust me whenever if ever the natural oils it claims to have finally settles in your hair you 'll barely have enough hair to put it on after so much breakage !
 The item is not available ! They sent me a cd . The item does not exist . How do expect a review ? Where can I buy this item ?
 Thank You to all the reviews on this product , For I have not tried this perfume but really want to but after reading all the negativity from more than one review , I have changed my mind and I will directly buy from the consumer it 'll be more expensive I 'm sure but at least I will get to try the `` Correct Product '' . So thanks to Amazon for having this review part of the site for others to view before purchasing items .
 I was disappointed with the product I recieved because it was not the same as what is shown in the picture and was not the product I wanted . Though it was the batherapy brand , I was looking for the one that helped with aches and pains as shown in the photo . The one I recieved wasnt ' it .
 I found this skin cream expensive at $ 50 + and no better than a $ 10 product . I would not purchase this product again .
 I payed $ 42.19 hoping it would help with my scar from a burn . It did n't help .
 I took my 12 year old daughter and her friend to Adventure Island yesterday and bought a bottle of this there ... within a few minutes all three of our faces were burning !! -LRB- it did not affect our bodies that way . . just our faces -RRB- it was awful . After about 20 minutes of discomfort we went to first aid and washed with soap and water ... then got our money back ... all i could think about is that this product can also be used for babies 6 months old and up ... i have a 2 year old and i am so glad she was not with us yesterday ... it was awful !!
 My hair is very curly and thick , therefore this product did not work well on my hair due to heat only going up to 400 degrees . -LRB- Needs more heat -RRB- It might be good for someone who &#8217; s hair is more straight , or more manageable .
 So my hair dresser has this flat iron and I love hers , so I ordered this one and this was crap . I have had it for 2 month and this is not heating up anymore , does not work at all anymore , I feel maybe it was a knock off . Including it took a month for me to get the flat iron and when I contacted the people , they were no help ... I will never buy this again . . Money well wasted !!!
 Great product . It 's was brand new never used . Just like the ones that I used to sell in my salon . Box came in perfect condition and just in time for my trip . My previous one lasted for 5-6 years . I hope this one will too . The seller is great at communicating as well.Thanks ! 12/22/11This was a great product until this week . The flat iron has already shorted out and does n't stay on anymore and barely works . I now have to purchase another flat iron . I will get the same brand , but not from this seller . I 'm very sad that it only lasted 2 months . I have a case for it and I also a shelf for when I 'm at home , so this flat iron does n't go through anything that would have caused it to short out . As I was doing my hair one more it started making a popping noise & then just stopped working .
 I thought that I would get a musky smell but it just did n't fit my liking . Maybe someone else would like the flowery smell but its too much for me .
 I ca n't rate this product as I still have n't received it yet . It has been at least 3 weeks and it still has n't arrived .
 This liquid in a tube is much too thin to cover up any dark areas . I am middle-aged and on a perpetual quest to find a concealer to cover up most of my under-eye dark circles . This Smooth Indulgence concealer simply ca n't do the job for me -- it lightens them I suppose to a slight extent more than using nothing at all , but that 's about it.Too bad , because the liquid itself has a pleasant texture and pretty much stays put . The Dermablend Quick Fix stick -LRB- lipstick-style -RRB- does a much better job of coverage .
 I purchased this tiny bottle in hopes of covering up an ugly spot on my skin . Well after several layers of this product I still see the spot . I bought regular foundation and it covered better than this product . I only gave it one star because it would n't allow me to go lower . This is alot of money for something that does n't work .
 the product is not the same of picture . I received the new version of the product and is not the same . the cover is very light and do not last hours like original
 Although I 'm sure this product is just fine , the packaging and delivery completely destroyed it , making it unuseable .
 had read other reviews which were positive , was really excited to find product that held fine hair without weighing it down , this is the worst hairspray I have ever used . would not recommend at all
 I have been a long time user of Adorn hairspray . I 'm 61 and have been using it since my teenage years . My mother also is a long time user . I have tried other more expensive hairsprays and I always get a build up or my hair is too stiff . I like the frequent use Adorn . I do n't understand why they have such a great product and we ca n't find it anymore . All the new products on the market do n't even compare to Adorn . Even the Salon expensive products.What can we do to get this great product back on the market ?
 I ordered Adorn in the white can with red oval label as shown clearly in the ad.I received a substitute . When I called to report this I was told that sometimessubstitutions had to be made when the product you order is not available.I think this is outrageous and at the very least a customer should be advisedso that the option to cancel is available . The alternative is to try to send theitem back , and attempt to get Amazon to reimburse . This is a great deal ofwork for a very small amount of money.This is very discouraging for ordering on line.Jean
 with all the great reviews I was excited to receive this powder in the mail but I would n't recommend this for anyone ! There is a funky old perfume smell when applied I recommend sticking to mineral powders . I personally love my mac face powder its light and scent free !
 The comb was too small ... The comb viewed bigger on line ... Very disappointed with the small ... The decorations was nice ...
 What a waste of time and money . Did not lengthen or thicken my eyelash .
 This product was horrible and way to expensive it actually made my eyebrows fall out and that is not cool when you tweezed them way to much as a youngster and every eyebrow hair is precious to you . Horrible product just horrible . Do n't waste your money .
 I NEVER RECEIVED THE MERCHANDISE AND HAD TO INQUIRE IN ORDER TO FIND OUT THEY DID NOT HAVE IT . YOU WOULD THINK THEY WOULD HAVE NOTIFIED ME WHEN IT WAS DETERMINED IT WAS NOT AVILABLE . NEEDLESS TO SAY , I AM VERY DISAPPOINTED AND ANNOYED . A. O'BRIEN
 I have medium skin color with dark circles under my eyes , which I have had all my life . This concealer does not give any coverage whatsoever . I mixed it with the Glo mineral pressed powder and it helped a little . I guess I will stick to using the MAC concealer , which gives the BEST coverage EVER !!!
 I ORDER THIS PRODUCT BUT SOMEONE PACK THE WRONG SOME CREAM AND I STILL HAVE IT KNOW ABOUT IT I RETURN THE CREAM THE I NEVER ORDER AND I DONT SEE A REFOUND IN THE CREDIT CARD
 I love the Glo foundation -LRB- matt -RRB- , the best among all but this concealer defines my lines around the eyes . If you do n't have much wrinkle , it is probably ok but I do n't recommend on to people who have even fine lines .
 I think calling this solid cocoa butter is somewhat misleading . It would be better to say ` with cocoa butter ' . I have seen pure cocoa butter sold elsewhere for the same price or even less .
 product says ` cocoa butter solid ' . what a joke - the first 3 ingredients are mineral oil , petrolalum , and parrafin . in fact according to the label , it has more fragrance in it than cocoa butter . It even contains corn oil !! I could have saved myself some money and time by buying a cheap candle and rubbing it on . Label shows a picture of a cocoa bean - it should have shown an oil rig and ear of corn !!! no wonder they do n't show the ingredients in the ad - not even on the manufacturer 's website.shame on Amazon for even allowing it to be catagorized with real cocoa butter products .
 I 'm usually a big fan of most of CSP 's Vanille line , but on my skin Vanille Coco is a big no-no . It must be my chemistry . At first I can clearly smell a faint coconut , then it immediately turns into a very fake , artificial chemical smell . It stays that way for hours on my skin , never changing from start to finish . For reference my favorite CSP 's are Vanille Peache and Vanille Citrus .
 After reading the rave reviews on this spray , I decided to give it a try . However , when I got the product and smelled it ... I was disappointed right away . It smells nothing like the description and is VERY overpowering . I thought maybe I just had to warm up to it , so I sprayed it on each wrist and tried to keep it on all day . I lasted for a few hours and just could not take it anymore ... at this point it gave me a horrible headache and when my boyfriend came home he asked what the `` weird smell '' was and looked disgusted ... I had to take a shower to scrub it off for both of our sake ! Bottom line
 Beware of this one ! I ordered this product and what I received was a half full 1.6 oz . bottle that was dented and dirty , obviously used . The ad says 3.3 oz . bottle , new and unused . That is NOT what I received .
 I have been using this perfume for over 15 years . I should have known with the price being so low something was wrong . The perfume is not the same . It 'S a weak attempt of the real thing . The scent is different . The perfume looses its scent rapidly . I knew for sure when my son said Mom I like your new perfume and then he went ha ha ha . Even he could tell ! I do n't think the company will be very happy to hear you are selling perfume under their name and it is definetly not!I tried this once before buying some perfume being lured in by the low price only to be completely blown away that the perfume was bootleg . My husband ordered this for me.This time I 'm not going to lay back and do nothing . I 'm going to contact Paris and let them know about the false adverstisement . I do n't think they will be very happy . I would prepare for some bad news.I 'm stuck with one closed new bottle of perfume purchased from you and I would like to return it .
 I was really disappointed in this product . I am a professional makeup artist and I was looking for an easier way to transport all of my lip colors without having to take ALL of my lipstick tubes with me everywhere . I bought this item along with the lip palette ` set ' that provides a silicone bowl and scoop because I wanted to have all the appropriate tools for melting the lipstick so my palette would turn out clean and organized -LRB- I 'm a neat freak -RRB- . I was super excited ! I melted my first lipstick in the microwave -LRB- Cyber by MAC -RRB- and proceeded to pour it out into the palette . . initially it looked like everything was going well until the ` well ' melted UPWARD and wasted the lipstick all over the palette ! I was super disappointed but I kept going and some of the wells stayed in tact but most did n't and all in all my palette looks pretty crappy . The price of this product is ridiculous when you actually see the size of what you recieve . it 's alot of cheap plastic with a cheap metal clasp . Needless to say I was highly upset with the product although I think it would 've been a great idea I 'm certainly going to look else where . Maybe an art supply store .
 i am a junky i mean a big cosmetic junky . the big wells hold about 1/3 of a full lipstick . i called company and no one there knew what they were susposed to hold amount per square . very sad . i got this so i could view colors at a glance . pros design pallets full with color so i thought cool u get to be your own designer . this just didnt hold up to what i hoped for . by the time you get one side full and close case the pan doesnt want to stay in case so they smear all over the divider and divider gets stuck on colors . hoped divider would help for cleaness for colors . GO BACK TO THE DRAWING BOARD !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! NICE IDEA HORRIBILY EXICUTED .
 Ferrari colognes generally smell very basic and somewhat watery . They lack all the subtle tones that are in real colognes . So they simply smell like one thing . I own Ferrari Black and Ferrari Red . Ferrari Black is definitely the winner of the two , but that is not saying much.Do not buy these colognes . You are better off just slapping on some aftershave or using some really strong shampoo or bodywash . If you like smelling like you bought some little kid cologne , go ahead and use this . Otherwise you are better off with a designer brand . No one is going to smell it and say `` Ah you smell like Ferrari ! I 'm going home with you tonight ! '' I would wager that even other Ferrari cologne wearers would assume you are just wearing Superman or Spongebob cologne .
 I love OPI polish ; however the polish that was sent to me did not match the description listed . I was expecting a pink glitter polish instead I received a dull looking polish with little glitter in it . Also the polish texture is watery and does not resemble the texture of what a polish should be . I am very disappointed by this product . I will be sending it back for a full refund .
 I love OPI and know that this particular item from Action Packaged Inc. is grossly overpriced . In a local store this would only be $ 8.50 . Shop elsewhere ; this merchant is ripping you off ! On Amazon you can find this for less !
 I purchased this `` collection '' but only received one nail polish . One would believe that the collection included four shades of pink , however I only received one ! This was totally misrepresented in the picture and in the product review .
 Box was damaged and when I opened it , there was no product in the box only paper filler . I would like a refund or another shipment ASAP .
 When I actually put it on my nails it just looks black . I would not recommend this product to anyone else . If I wanted a black nail polish I would 've bought black nail polish .
 Just received OPI 's Manicurist of Seville polish ; it is a black plum color , as opposed to the pink shade shown when ordering . Very disappointed ; I do n't wear blood red colors ! It 's a pretty shade , but NOT what was represented on the page when ordering .
 OPI is known for being of decent quality but the product sold here was impossible to spread evenlybecause of a semi dried up brush that had clumps . The nail polish itself had bad consistency even afternumerous attempts to shake and even the liquid out . ... In conclusion , save your money and just buy it from the store . So much less hassle .
 I got this nail polish clearence wanted to try it out . I did my nails with Relvon nail polish and this one at the same time i notice that the Relvon is just as good as OPI because they both last same amount of time . Actually you can get nail polish for two dollars at your local drugstore that works just as well as this . Paying $ 8 for nail polish is stupid .
 I have been a fan of the color `` Sweetheart '' by OPI for a long time . Recently my last bottle ran out . I was unable to find this color in the stores or on the OPI site . I was estatic to find it online . Needless to say it was not the same `` Sweetheart '' I had used for the last 6 yrs or so . The Sweetheart I knew was very very light . the first coat was barely visible . The second coat a very natural pale pink . Could be used for an american manicure . i used this color for our 5 yr old daughter on her toes as it was barely noticeable . Needless to say this color I received was labeled as `` Sweetheart '' , but is more an opaque pink . Think White Out , but in pink.Waste of money : -LRB-
 This polisha is nothing like wwhat expected it to be . I ended up giving it to my niece . It looks beautiful on a child 's hands !
 Got 2 OPI nail polishes . It stays one single day . American quality sux sux sux sux sux . Dont waste your money . European rules .
 The only negative thing I have to say is that the color is different to what is pictured on the product listing . The color is actually more pink than purple -LRB- although you can definitely see the purple in the color -RRB- . In the picture , the color looks like a deep purple , whereas in person the color is more of a deep pink , as one reviewer already mentioned . It 's almost like a dark Barbie pink . I almost took a star off for this , but that is more of an issue with the product listing than the actual product . The actual color is a beautiful color , but I wanted the deep purple color in the picture.EDIT
 I * LOVE * OPI , but this color is not what I have bought before in a store . . this is much more beige . . holding the bottles together one looks like a subtle soft natural elegant pink , the other -LRB- this one -RRB- looks almost brownish . OPI Argenteeny Pinkini is not meant to be beige , if you do a google search for images of this color , it is SUPPOSED to be very elegant . The product I received is not ! It 's dull and lifeless .
 After reading some of the reviews about OPI nail polish , I became obsessed with the brand . I went to get a manicure and on the SAME DAY -LRB- I 'm not exaggerating -RRB- it chipped from one nail . The manicure did not last me a week -LRB- 3 days tops -RRB- . Very disappointing , waste of money . FYI
 This nail polish is the right color , right brand , and everything I wanted for a lesser price than that of in a salon . However , it does not stay on the nail ... It seems that it had been used or something before it was sent . There was dried polish on the outside , as well as around the rim to the bottle . No matter what I do to my nails -LRB- using nail polish remover to remove any oils on the nail prior to application , using a base coat , etc. -RRB- it peels off within a day ... like literally peels off . I 've seen this in salons before , where the cosmetologist or whoever added something to the lacquer to spread it further , and the end result was bubbling/peeling ... wondering if this happened to mine ? Wo n't buy from here again for O.P.I.
 I bought this product several times previously and loved the color . The color of the nail polish I received from Amazon is completely different from the color of previous purchases of &#34; I 'm Really Not a Waitress &#34; . Why ?
 Recived product fast nail polish bottle had polish on it look used.THE reason I gave a 2 was fast service . I will keep it I dont know if i will order from them again .
 I loved this OPI color years ago , Java Mauve-A , and when I found it again on Amazon , I had to have it ! When it arrived , I was very disappointed to see that the color was not right although the bottle was labeled Java Mauve-A . Even looking at it online -LRB- and I know that monitors have variations in the displays -RRB- , it had the right kind of light latte brown . OPI 's Java Mauve-A is a wonderful neutral color . Now I have this polish and it can not be returned because of shipping policies . I do n't know what happened , maybe OPI changed their color formulation ? Anyway , best to choose your polish in person I guess , even if you think you are familiar with the product .
 I thought this product would be a nice burgandy color for winter , but it was WAY too dark . I have longer nails and it looked almost goth on me . It might look better on someone with shorter nails . A few of my friends saw it and commented on how dark , almost black it looked after 2 coats . So far I have n't been able to give this bottle of polish away !
 This product is very stick and very hard to use . It cost lumps all the time , basically it is very bad quality . waste of time and money .
 This is a boring , almost flat pink . It looks okay after you put it on but within a day or two starts to look bad . I would definitely not use it on my toes again . Fingers might be okay .
 The color looks nothing like the picture . I love this brand , but they did a poor job with the picture of this one . It looks like a pink-grape color ... which is pretty ugly in my opinion .
 The product I received is not at the strength that I have purchased in the past at local retailers . The scent of the contents is different , as well . I doubt I buy this product online from this supplier again .
 Late in delivery . The item was ordered on the 15th December 2008 and the delivery was 26th December 2008 . It took 11days for an item within the USA . why ? Item was meant for xmas gift but defeated my aim !
 Like the color ... like the texture / creaminess ... too soft and I used it a coupe of times before the lipstick broke in half !!!!!!!!!!!!
 Unfortunately this lipstick I believe it was very old . It does not smell fresh . I regret buying it . I wonder for how long the seller had it : -LRB-
 If I could give it less than zero stars , I would . I do n't know how anyone can say this works great . Maybe they can tell me what I 'm doing wrong because I ca n't get this thing to work at all . I bought it for my daughter 's birthday thinking she could have some fun with temporary hair color . She has brown hair and nothing showed up at all . I tried everything -- dry hair , wet hair , dirty hair , clean hair -- you name it , I tried it , and we could n't even get a remote hint of color . The picture on the package makes it look as easy and successful as painting your hair -- total false advertising . I kept meaning to return it but never did -- now , it will end up at a garage sale for 5 cents and a note saying `` purchase at your own risk ''
 Poorly described , falsely sold - it gives you the impression it comes with the appilcation kit , which has been discontinued - its worthless without it and should be a free return and credit .
 ... I am sure this product works great , however , I still have n't received the Conair QC1RP Pro Color Accents Tool , so this product remains unopened until I do receive the other product that I ordered , until I am able to use the refill , I can not rate its actual performance , however the `` thought '' of it is good !
 I will never order from Amazon again . I can not even test this item because Amazon did n't bother to tell me the Conair Pro Color Accent Kit was out of stock before sending me the refill pack . So Amazon sent me an email saying they canceled the order . So now I have a refill kit and no way of using it . GREAT way to do business .
 ok i highly suggest NOT getting this , all my friend says about it is horrible , it like makes her hair snarly , and stuff , and the colors suck , i mean , come on , get better colors , like the other person said , purple would be COOL
 Like the color ... like the texture / creaminess ... too soft and I used it a coupe of times before the lipstick broke in half !!!!!!!!!!!!
 I ordered this because I was running low on my current tanning lotion which I love and it smells like skittles , so I read the reviews for this one that was supposed to smell like cherries or almonds and it does NOT smell like either . It just has a chemical odor and has so much bronzer in it that I really have to make sure to wipe my hands off . I will definitely be ordering some more of my original lotion to replace this nasty stuff .
 The color was nice but the product itself dried out lips and caused a faint burning sensation . I got this because it was supposed to be a dupe of NARS turkish delight .
 it did not work ! I waited a couple of weeks to see results and ... nothing ! I have tried everything : -LRB-
 I would have returned it if i could have it left my hair feeling like a birds nest i had to deep condition it just to comb thru it
 When I was searching for the best price for D&G Light Blue I was shocked that the price was so cheap for 3.3 oz . I should have known better . The product arrived to me very quickly . The packaging was the same as if I bought it in the store , however when I used it for the first time the scent was `` off '' . I still had some left from the bottle I had bought from a known department store so I was able to compare the scent . It was noticably faint . I could tell because by the time I sprayed it in the morning until the time I arrived at work the scent was all but gone . Even though I spent less money on more perfume I need to spray it much more often . Not a great deal .
 I bought this recently and I am sure it is counterfeit . The fragrance disappeared shortly after opening and the label letters came off in my hand .
 The scent is lovely , it is the company I purchased the product from , they sold inferior product , I think they know it was not good from the start . Will not give credit unless in original packaging , this was a Christmas gift . Hard to tell someone leave in the packaging do n't throw away the box ! Took 3 weeks to get delivery , could n't cancel order in less than 24 hours after I placed the order . Company does n't seem to be on the up and up . Now the product leaks because of bad sealing and ca n't return it I do n't have original packaging .
 This funk is disgusting ! I would never buy this for anyone . Put this on and people will swear that you were sprayed by a skunk .
 IT Smells very very bad , it 's very small and extremely expensive . DO NOT buy it
 I do n't really care for that hint of pine in the perfume , it irritates my stomach , I do n't want to smell Pine trees threw out my day Ewwwhhh ! I gave it away to a friend , she is happy ! ... Im very light on blue cause its not for me !
 Me , at the laundromat , suddenly overpowered
 I purchased this for my mom as a Christmas gift , without sampling it first , based on the great reviews . Wow , I was so embarressed when she opened it and I smelled it for myself ! Most scents do not appeal to me , but this was really bad . I do not think my mom was impressed either , although she did not comment . I feel so bad that I gave this as a gift , I plan on buying something else for her to replace this mistake . They sell this at Walmart , which says something .
 This product definitely did n't smell like it should of . Do n't purchase from this seller . It appears that he 's done it before ... selling bad products .
 I just bought a bottle in the sealed package off a private individual on Ebay with a 100 % rating that looks identical in every aspect to the bottle I bought at Macys last year . Only this one is a counterfeit fake . Be careful out there as there are thousands of fake bottles floating around . I can not understand why Dolce and Gabbana will not clarify which is fake - the 3.3 oz . or the 3.4 oz . ?
 I am an avid user of Dolce & Gabbana , Light Blue . It is my signature fragrance and for some reason the product I ordered here totally missed the mark ! It did not wear like the usual product I wear -LRB- purchased from high end department stores -RRB- nor did it smell quite the same . It carried a much much lighter bouquet and it evaporated like pure alcohol into the skin . It had ZERO body to it.Mind you , even in it 's `` knock off '' form , this is a great smelling product so people who do n't intimately know the product may not be able to tell the difference but me , aah , I am a connoisseur !
 I would not recommend this seller -- The Perfume Spot . I truly believe the perfume I received is a knock off . The box was poorly designed -- letters off center , etc. . . makes me think that this is not authentic D&G Light Blue -- I gave it to my niece today for her birthday . She said it smells fine , but we shall see if the scent lasts etc. . . I should have stuck with Lord & Taylor or Nordstroms ... I 've learned my lesson : -LRB-
 Company was cleaver enough to advertise with all the indications that this was genuine Dolce & Gabbana Light Blue but when the perfume arrived it was fake . Do not buy from this company . I have n't filed my claim yet but I 'm sure it will be a fight to have my money returned . Embarrassed to be duped by these thugs ... thought I had taken the proper precautions
 there is no way this is ` nt a fake i use this all the time , had a bottle for a year and it never smelled like this.i feel this should n't be sold even with a somewhat lower price its too much to pay ... for the smell of alcohol .
 I have worn Dolce & Gabbana light Blue for years . I ordered a bottle from AAA Merchants through Amazon and it is clearly not the same scent . . not even close . I would not recommend online perfume . I was clearly ripped off on a present that I am now too embarrassed to give . You can not return it either .
 The price was the lowest on Amazon , it arrived on time ... but it 's a counter fit for sure . The fragrance was really close with the real one , but you could still tell the small difference . The print on the bottle was smeared and messy if you compare with the real one , and the color of the print was also different with the real one.The seller spin and saying it was a older stock , but print on the bottle wo n't smear with time.I report to Amazon , they were very helpful . I receive my full refund including shipping charge . I will still buy from Amazon , but not this seller . Also I will be very careful on buying from the third party sellers on Amazon by reading the buyer 's reviews .
 perfumebelowcost ripped me off big time with this product . When I received the perfume the packaging was damp and nearly a quarter of the liquid was gone . When we returned the item perfumebelowcost claimed that they never received it . They probably re-packaged it and sent it to another buyer in order to rip them off also .
 i hate it for the reasons of , that it doesnt smell strong like the dolce & gabbana that i purchased at dillards about 8 mo ago it smells a little funny and it doesnt last at all , i sprayed some on my forearm 3 times and it faded away in mins it smells as if its old . The Dolce & Gabbana that i brought from Dillards had that nice pleasant smell that last thur out the day .
 I wear this perfume regularly and I feel like this is just a knock off version of it . I would not buy from this seller again even though delivery was quick and I did not need to contact them .
 Perfume was delivered fast and packaging looked good . However I sprayed perfume and it smelled strong and not like the original LIGHT BLUE DOLCE GABBANA . I ENDED UP BUYING A DOLCE GABBANA LIGHT BLUE PERFUME AT Macy 's and the smell was different and was the original smell LIGHT BLUE . I contacted seller and no response .
 I purchased this and am thoroughly convinced it is not the real deal . After wearing it several times , I realized that by the time I sprayed it and walked downstairs , there was no longer any lingering fragrance . I had purchased this before from department stores and know that it lasts with you all day . Very disappointed that this could happen at Amazon . Expect it on ebay , but not amazon !!!!!
 This smells like nothing ! I can not smell it on me -LRB- just the faintest suggestion of citrus ? Here I was expecting , OK I finally found `` fresh , lasting '' and I have got Zero . -RRB- Next time I 'm in a major dept. store , I 'm stopping by the D & G counter and spritzing on Light Blue there . I simply can not believe this is without any fragrance at all ! My first time to order a fragrance online that is totally a dissapointment to me .
 I received water in a bottle , I have used D & G Light Blue for years , this was not an authentic product , I contacted West , and they said as soon as I had a tracking number for return , they would return my money . They recvd . the pkg back on Dec 30 , via fed ex . and I emailed them the tracking number as I was instructed to do for a full refund . They have not refunded my money , and I am disappointed in Amazon not helping with this situation . I spent a lot of money through Christmas with Amazon , I wo n't be doing it again .
 First , I am not knocking this seller . My review concerns the perfume only . I had such high hopes concerning this scent . I had read many rave reviews . When I received a sample scent in the mail , I was shocked at how much I disliked the fragrance . To me , it smells very similar to Anais Anais -LRB- which can be bought at a much less expensive price -RRB- , and I have never cared for Anais Anais . Both perfumes are overbearingly spicy to me . I really like soft , fresh and sweet scents . Light Blue had nothing that I liked about it . I suggest buying a `` sample size '' first of any perfume and make sure that you like the scent . What smells great for one person does not smell great to another person . Reading the reviews , I thought I 'd love this scent . But to be honest , I hated it .
 The first spray smelled fine but after that this bottle of perfume smelled like kerosene . It is not the real deal . Either diluted or a knock-off . It was packaged convincingly , so i had no reason to question it . But , the silver seal around the top of the bottle looks like it may have been tampered with . Do n't buy from this source .
 I 've been wearing Light Blue for over 5 years . When I opened the box and sprayed the perfume , it smelled nothing like Light Blue . Definitely a knock off .
 I do like this scent but the one I received did not smell right and amazon 's return policy for perfume is terrible . They claim it ca n't be returned because they consider it a hazardous material . That argument is lacking any logic since they ship it to you under the same conditions . Just know when you purchase this or any other scent all sales are final . So much for amazons great return policy . Also where is the verified purchase button , did they remove that from reviews ?
 If you buy it for smell only , consider a different lotion . I bought it for smell only , and id did not work this way at all ! A waste of money .
 Ordered a D&G Light Blue 3.4 oz perfume bottle from seller `` Jacobs Enterprises '' as a present for my mother . When it arrived , my mother complained that the perfume did n't smell anything like it was supposed to and that it barely had any of the longevity that it used to have with the store bought bottle she used . That 's what I get for being cheap . It 's better to buy perfume at the store to avoid getting a knock-off , lesson Learned .
 I 've been using Light Blue for a couple of years now and this was the most inexpensive bottle I purchased , but did n't smell like the real thing . I 'm wondering if I bought a fake . .
 My wife feels we 've been ripped-off !!!! She has used this particular fragrance before , and feels that what we received is a poor `` knock-off '' !!!! She has forbidden me from purchasing fragrances on-line in the future . We 're VERY disappointed .
 This is one of my favorite perfumes . However , when I received this in the mail , I could n't get the top off once again , and the fragrance was nothing like the DG Light Blue that I am used too . I was very dissatisfied with this product and If I could I would have sent it back for a full refund .
 I purchased this item in good faith . I 've been using this fragrance for years . However , not sure if it is because it was an old bottle , but it did not smell anything like a bottle I purchase at Dillards or Macys . Got what I paid for , but not happy with end result .
 I buy this perfume all the time but it 's the first time i purchased it online . It seems much weaker than usual and the scent itself is a little different ... I made a mistake of throwing the receipt and the box away as soon as i received it , so now i am stuck with it ...
 The product did n't come on time , it was 3 days late which I 'm very upset about because the estimated time for delivery was December 14 , and I needed it for the 15 for a Christmas party . I 'm also very upset because when it did come three days late on the 17 , the box was destroyed , as in the box it came in . As for the perfume box two corners were dent in it . I 'm very displeased with how the whole thing happened . I will not buy from here again .
 Items was old and stale smelling . Paid a lot of money for some stale/old perfume and had no one to contact about the issue
 I got this at a great price but now I feel it is either old or deluted . The scent is very low . Things I learn by trhing to save money . Why write a review this company wont do anything about it ...
 Everything with shipping and ordering was fine according to my husband who ordered my favorite fragrance ... When I recieved this gift from him I was disappointed because I believe this item to be a fake fragrance or copy ... I am very familiar with the scent and this is not it ... I feel that you should be told if it is a similar item . .
 Perfumes are not original , the Fragrances are lost very quickly after applying perfume , I bought the same fragrances in other sites and I last much longer , I feel cheated . Please return my money ... Thanks
 the perfume does n't smell the same , box was smashed alot was already leaked out . DO NOT buy if want the real thing . needs to be posted as FAKE . DISAPPOINTING gift for my girl friend . i know you get what you pay for but was mislead
 Horrible , bottle was tampered with . Smells nothing like how it should . I have perchased this perfume for years and make no mistake this is not it ! It 's a fake or been dilluted .
 i ordered Dolce & Gabbana Light Blue ... -LRB- I 've been buying it for years -RRB- it came quick in the proper packaging , however it smells awful , nothing like it should !!!!
 It does n't last more than 5 minutes . I 'm very disappointed with this purchase . I wish I had my money back .
 I bought this thinking it was the REAL product for $ 70 it should be the real deal !! It does NOT smell like the real stuff . It has too much of an alcohol smell . I do not know if it is a defected bottle but I am highly upset ! I would like my $ back or a different bottle . It smelled so bad I threw it in the trash !!! VERY VERY upset ! I want something done . . I 'm done with Amazon ...
 This particular scent is weak and does n't last long . My wife said she would never order this particular scent again .
 I bought this for my wife for Xmas . She has been using this fragrance for at least 3 years . I never told her that I purchased it online from Amazon . Today she asked me where it was purchased because the scent was noticeably different to her . Not entirely bad , just not the same as when I purchased Light Blue from local stores such as Neiman Marcus and Sephora . I would be interested to know if anybody else has noticed a difference .
 I underestimated the size I read . I know that this is expensive perfume as I have used it for years . I thought I was getting a deal with the price . I should have looked at the size again before I bought it . Its the size of a sample spoon they give you at Baskin Robbins.And it does n't smell the same as the bigger bottles . Guess I will have to muster up the -LSB- ... -RSB- bucks to buy a decent size from the store.Oh well , not worth it
 This is a GREAT fragrance . However , do not waste your money on this sample . In fact , the bottle is labeled `` Sample , not for individual sale . '' Funny ... . I had to pay for it.Because this is such a fabulous scent - spend your money on the 3.4 oz , it is totally worth it .
 Perfume was clearly not real . Counterfeit . Just to verify I went to a local department store and bought some of the same perfume . The perfume from the department store smelled very different and the bottle was clearly different . I emailed the seller for a chance to fix the problem and never heard back from them . This was a gift for my wife at Christmas . Do not buy from seller . I will also be Leary of amazon purchases in the future . Do n't get ripped off like I did .
 I made a purchase of this product , for a Christmas present for my daughter , and instead of the genuine parfum , I received a `` fake parfum '' smells like desinfectant , and when my daughter used it , began to feel nausea and vomiting , I am very dissapointed with this purchase , and want my money back inmediately . Do n't buy this piece of sh ...
 The perfume I received from the seller NuBeauty was not the real fragrance . I have been buying this scent for years and was very disappointed to receive an imposter . In addition , the perfume had leaked during shipping . I am sending the product back and expect a full refund from the seller .
 Ordering fragrances online can be a dicey proposition . I 've had both positive and negative experiences . I have been an Amazon power user for years and my experience with Seller
 I bought this product off of amazon.com and when I received it half of it was spilled out of the bottle and the rest of the perfume did n't even smell like D & G Light Blue at ALL . This was a total rip off I would n't recommend no one to buy this product off of her .
 I will never use this shop again in my life ! I received a broken bottle unseal packaging and less than 1/3 of the content .
 Similarly , I ordered a bottle of D&G ; Light Blue 3.4 oz for Women from seller ESSK Enterprisesbut the perfume is of bad quality.Probably they are adulterated .
 Did n't care you this scent . Too overpowering . Smells like something an old lady would wear . Had to give it away .
 My wife has used this since they came out and we have purchased from Amazon before . This , however is completely counterfeit . The fragrance is a watered down version of the original . I must say though , Amazon did the right thing and immediately provided a full refund.Amazon should get rid of their vendor that provides this .
 My brother ordered this off the internet for my mom for Christmas . The packaging was nearly identical , the bottle , the silver writing ... everything looked VERY similar.But I have been wearing this perfume for two years now . The minute I even sprayed the bottle I could tell something was different . The spray was much wider than my authentic bottle -LRB- that I bought from a local department store -RRB- . I then went and grabbed my bottle and compared it to my moms . The writing was a tiny bit smaller in font , but still close . But overall it APPEARED to be identical.Also , it did n't smell like Light Blue . Plus the scent only lasted a good 2 minutes . Whereas my authentic bottle will last hours ! And if I spray it onto a shirt , the scent will last for days.I suggest NOT buying any perfumes online . Only get them in store or from HIGHLY trusted dealers , but still ... just be careful.For me , spending an extra $ 10 - $ 20 on a bottle at a department store is worth the risk of getting a fake off the internet .
 recieved in timely manner ; however , extremely disappointed as this smelled nothing like light blue !! A complete imposter !! Live and learn , will only purchase from a reputable retailer !
 I have worn D&G ; 's Light Blue for several years -LRB- always having bought it in a department store -RRB- , so I 'm very familiar with its scent and staying power on me.Amazon has clearly been supplied with a bad batch of this perfume , because my experience -LRB- twice ! -RRB- was exactly like others who found that the Amazon product absolutely * does not * have the true scent or staying power of D&G ; Light Blue
 The product I received was not what I expected . The perfume seemed old or stale . When I contacted the seller about this issue I got an apology and a full refund immediately . Like the title says , I did n't like the product but I liked the customer service .
 I tend to like about every perfume out there , unless it smells like a man 's cologne.I have no idea who thought this is really a woman 's scent ? I had to decline the present due to the fact that I dont want to walk around smelling like a man . There was another lady that sampled it too , she made the same comment , it just amazes me how this is not something people talk about in here.Its too musky to feminine .
 Hello ALL , I ordered the perfume for my girlfriend for Christmas , she has been wearing this perfume for a few years now , but the perfume we both noticed that the scent is totally different . Bottom line the vendor is selling a bad product and should be reported to the Better Business Bureau and Amazon.com . They are selling us consumers a bad product . It does not even smell like ` light blue ' !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! DO N'T BUY IT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I really wanted to love this fragrance ... after all , it is quite expensive and I 'd read rave reviews on many websites ... but after one spritz I sold it to a friend of mine ! My favorite perfumes are Beyond Paradise , Ralph Lauren Romance , Ralph Lauren Style , and DKNY Be Delicious . Light Blue , to me , smells overwhelmingly of musk . I wore it all day and I ended up feeling nauseous , with a bad headache . This must be one of those perfumes that works well on most everyone else except for me !
 I do not like to brag about the good items I purchase , since people read others feedback ; I only write the reviews for the items that are not in good conditions to warn customers about the product.They sent me the used perfume because the plastic cover that sealed the package was opened . I assume the perfume was returned to the seller , and they sent the used item to me .
 My husband bought this for me on accident -LRB- long story -RRB- . The scent is too masculine for my tastes . Smells just like the Light Blue men 's cologne . If you actually go for the unisex scent , save your money on this and go buy the CK One or imitation .
 Light Blue 's fragrance is great -- for about 5 minutes , then it 's gone . I have never used a cologne before in which the fragrance dissipated so quickly . At almost $ 80 a pop , can you afford that ? You might as well apply water to your neck . About 15 minutes after I 'd applied Light Blue , my husband could smell it only after he literally put his nose on my neck!Don ' t waste your money on this one .
 I worked at a perfume boutique for a while and was able to take testers home every once in a while , this was one . I do like it , but bottom line , im glad I did n't spend the money on it . It 's very very strong which is not my taste . I prefer lighter fragrances that are more discrete , not the kind that suffocate everyone in the room . That 's basically what this one does . Like I said , it 's a nice smell , but after wearing it for a few hours -LRB- just one spray -RRB- my nose starts to burn .
 the perfumes doesnt smell like the original D&G ! it has a different smell ... i want to return it . im so disappointed ! but i had it shipped here in the Philippines , , can i make a refund ???
 I am a Dolce & Gabbana Light Blue lover . I purchased this item before from amazon and it was perfect so I decided to purchase it again from amazon this time through a third party vender . I received a knock off verison and it was horrible and made me sick to my stomach . I returned this product and I am still waiting for my refund . This is a wonderful product but be careful when ordering .
 My wife has been wearing this perfume for several years , so when I saw the sale price , I thought I was getting a good deal . What we received was NOT the real D&G perfume she knows so well . It smelled like some kind of cheap imitation mixed with insect repellant . Should have gotten my money back - Buyer Beware !! Never buying here again .
 My husband bought this for me for Christmas . I have a bottle already bought from Macy 's and this bottle is not the same -LRB- The color of the top -RRB- . Even though this is through &#34; Amazon &#34; is says Amazon LLC , a private seller . And its not worth it for 10.00 less than Macy 's .
 I have had Light Blue from Macy several times . Which I loved , i found it on Amazon cheaper and thought how great . When I received it I immediately started using it . I could barely smell it , very unusual . So I decided to return this item . Never did I think I had to go through someone other then Amazon . To return I am informed I have to return to Perfume World . WHY ???? I purchased from Amazon , Amazon was the one whom took the purchase . Never did I have to deal with Perfume World . Why do I have to deal with them at all ??? This is frustrating and not legal . If I buy from Macy I return to Macys . They deal with the distributor . I have second thoughts of even having an account with Amazon . : -LRB-
 The product was a fake . Dolce & Cabbana doesnt sell a 3.4 oz bottle and the box and bottle were different colors . It had no smell to it , basically water . I confirmed this at Macys , and bought a bottle there . They were completely different . The company did credit me my money after I threatened them with consumer affairs , and ironically , they never even asked for me to return the bottle . Obviously an admission of their guilt
 I 'm very upset with this purchase.When I received my package , I opened it up with excitement because I read the reviews on here , and I HAD to try it . However , When I opened my package , I saw that ALL the perfume had spilled out of the bottle . And , It was n't very fragrant.What I did smell was nice , and good for a sunny day , with a nice breeze . Really casual , and light . However , It was n't strong enough to wear for the whole day , maybe not even 15 minutes ! Very Disappointed . Maybe I 'll look for this again in the department store .
 BEEEEE CAREFULLLLL ITS FAKE !!!!!! It smells nothing like light blue !!! i bought it as gift to a friend . . I cant believe people do this ! its not even worth a dollar
 I ordered Light Blue thinking I was getting an amazing deal . Well , it was too good to be true . The box and bottle and scent were obviously fake . When I contacted the seller he blamed his distributor and promised a refund . I sent the fake product back but no refund . Just excuses . Do not do business with this seller .
 What a rip off !!! The scent goes away after 10 minutes . The box it came with is a regular carton instead of the velvety box the original comes with . The silver colored part of the bottle came off after a day . I bought an original from a reputable web store and was finally satisfied . DO N'T BUY FROM THIS SELLER !!! AMAZON check this seller and ban it ! This ruins my amazon experience . We need trustworthy sellers .
 I have never ordered perfume on line and was disappointed ... the perfume was yellow and is typically clear . It also did not smell like is usually does . It was considered `` old inventory . '' However , the company was very easy to work with on returning the perfume and refunding my money .
 I love Dolce and Gabgana Light Blue . The only concern I have WITH THIS ONE is that the smell of the perfume does n't last that long . Last time I bought the perfume in macy 's for $ 80 and I could smell the perfume on my clothes and me the next day . This one for some reason , the smell does n't last long , I do n't smell it on myself , no one can , even my fianc&eacute; . So that makes me think that maybe is fake ?????????? It was cheap I paid $ 40 but I wo n't buy it again from this website .
 My husband bought me this perfume for my birthday . I was extremely disappointed , in fact , disappointed enough to search out the product and write this review . The bottle is pretty , the box is very pretty and so soft to touch . At first I thought I bought a fake , I really might have , but the packaging look authentic . There is no smell to this perfume . I can spray febreze on myself and at least smell something ! Worst perfume I have EVER bought . If a fake then perfumania.com is to blame .
 Love Dolce Gabbana , light blue toilette - last bottle I purchased was from a department store and I loved it . One of the best eau de toilettes on the market . But do n't purchase it here , something is wrong and you ca n't return it . Besides that , I order 1.7 fl . oz . and they sent me 1.6 fl . oz . and charged me $ 59.00 even that I would n't mind but the scent lasts minutes not like the bottle I purchased two years ago - it lasted 6 to 8 hours and even then you could still smell it . People are complaining and Amazon does absolutely nothing . I ordered Boucheron eau de toilette and the same thing . I 've learned my lesson - read all the reviewd on different fluid oz . and you will see what I mean . Just do n't read the reviews for the one you are purchasing . Those 1 reviews tell you a lot - same toilette and some have 4 stars and other toilettes have 1 star .
 I know that we should rate the product , not the vendor . But I am making this review as a warning to potential buyers and as a heads up to Amazon too so that they will be aware that their suppliers are selling them fake perfumes . I bought DG Light Blue through Amazon . Not a third party seller , but from Amazon itself . I thought I am getting a good deal because its much cheaper in Amazon compared to department stores . However , I was so disappointed because I received a fake product.When I receive the product , I knew that it does not smell right . I let it go thinking maybe DG changed its formulation , plus I bought it from Amazon - a reputable company so it could n't be fake , right ? So I just let it go . When that same bottle was about to run out , I went to Macy 's to look for a new perfume since DG does not smell the way it used to . But when I tried a sample of DG Light Blue from Macy , I realized that the one I got from Amazon was really a fake . Since then , I never ever bought perfumes through Amazon anymore . Department store may cost more than Amazon 's , but you are getting the real thing.DG Light Blue is still my favorite Perfume ever , its light and citrusy . But I always buy them from either Macy 's or Sephora . As for Amazon , I still do most of my shopping through Amazon ... . but no more perfumes !
 I returned this product twice - the scent was mostly alcohol , which means the testers are either really old or the fragrance somehow separated from its alcohol base , perhaps due to poor storage and/or the hot temperatures ... . very disappointing
 This scent was terrible . I tried it once and gave it away . I had originally smelled it at the mall and liked it . I
 I ordered this product and it is not at all the scent I ordered !!! This D&G Light Blue I received smells nothing like the D&G Light Blue I normally purchase from Macy 's . I wish I could get my money back !! It was horrible !!!
 I first smelled this fragrance on a friend at a Christmas party and had to have it . . it is so light and beautiful ! I was excited when it arrived , however my excitement did not last ... just like this fragrance ! No matter how much I spray on , it is gone before I hit the front door . It has a strong alcohol smell when you apply it , with just a tad of `` perfume '' smell . . then poof . . nothing . I want to go to the perfume counter in the mall and compare what I have with what the stores sell ... perhaps this product is a `` knock off '' . I love perfume and have many different , higher-end types , and none of them fade as quickly as this does .
 i really dint like this product you can tell that you are wearing extensions the cap is too big ... i think it will be good for people that have alot of hair . i have thin hair : -LRB-
 I bought the bangs - I have black hair whichis easy to match but it doesnt it was waaay too shineyand unnatural ! Its difficult to put in as well - too time consumingWhen I did have it in - I thought it looked okay butwas to self conscience to wear it outYOU WILL NEVER WEAR THIS save your money andget this done professionally
 The product matches my hair color perfectly , but it tangles so easily that it 's impossible to wear . The cap is also very large on my big head .
 Never ever buy synthetic hair !!! I learned my lesson , the hair feels fake looks fake and its no surprise bc it is FAKE ! I guess it 's my fault for expecting it to live up to real hair . It tangles easily , its very heavy to wear , you cant even brush it without ruining it and it does not blend in at all !!! DO not buy do not waste your money , i went to the youtube reviews and they talk wonders about this hair but later i realized that all those people were being paid by the company to promote it so dont buy into that . If you need extensions spend on good quality remy hair not this crap !
 I did n't want to believe the reviews on all the other pages but they were right . This looks nothing like the pictures and is silky and shiny . You know those wigs from halloween ? Yeah - it 's like that . It seems that Ken has improved some things that others complained about -LRB- the cap is n't too big and there are extra clips -RRB- but other than that do n't do it ! Or at least go to a store to try it first ...
 Take my word for it
 I have bought numerous things on Amazon and this product is so bad I felt compelled enough to write a review . I bought the long piece in Sandy Blonde . I have long thin hair . You can clip it in ok , but the cap is so large it was hard for my hair to hide completely . And the length of extensions that is exposed was very phony and costumey looking . I think this piece might work if you have a large head and thick hair -- but if you have thick hair who needs an extension ? I am VERY DISAPPOINTED it is not returnable , a total waste of money .
 NOT A GENUINE PRODUCT / PRODUCT SAMPLER ... I KNOW HOUSE of CREED 'S PACKAGING FOR THEIR PURFUME SAMPLERS , AND IT HAS BEEN THE SAME FOR YEARS ... . WHAT I RECEIVED IS NOT EVEN CLOSE . ... I CALLED THE COMPANY , -LRB- `` BEAUTY ENCOUNTER '' , IN FOUNTAIN VALLEY , CA ... . TELEPHONE # 714-698-0820 , CYNTHEA TRAN , proprietor -RRB- ... AND SPOKE TO A REPRESENTATIVE , AND EXPLAINED THE SITUATION . ... . THEY OFFERED TO GIVE ME A FULL REFUND ... . WHICH IS FINE . BUT WHAT I REALLY WANTED WAS THE `` VANISIA '' SAMPLE ... . A REAL ONE ! HOUSE OF CREED PRODUCTS ARE RELATIVELY EXPENSIVE ... SO I WANTED TO BUY A SAMPLE TO HAVE A FRIEND OF MINE EXPERIENCE THE PERFUME , BEFORE BUYING A LARGE BOTTLE AS A BIRTHDAY PRESENT . I HAVE PURCHASED CREED FOR MANY YEARS , USUALLY BUYING DIRECTLY FROM -LSB- ... -RSB- . HOWEVER , THIS TIME I WENT LOOKING ON AMAZON , MUCH TO MY DISMAY . I 'M SURE THE COMPANIES OTHER PRODUCTS MUST BE BETTER AND HAVE GOOD REVIEWS ... THEY MAY NOT EVEN BE AWARE THEY ARE SELLING COUNTERFEIT GOODS . JUST KEEP THIS IN MIND WHEN THINKING ABOUT PLACING AN ORDERWHEN YOUR IN BUSINESS TO SELL GOODS , YOU SHOULD KNOW EVERYTHING ABOUT YOUR PRODUCTS , THEIR ORIGIN AND QUALITY , AND BE ABLE TO ANSWER ANY QUESTION THAT MIGHT ARISE FROM A CUSTOMER , OR ONE WOULD THINK . THE WORLD IS CERTAINLY CHANGING !
 The packaging is not the original packaging , the cellophane was loose , and I could hear the perfume bottle rolling around in the box . This is a christmas gift and I feel bad for giving something that looks cheap and possibly counterfeit . I thought items sold by amazonLLC were authentic . Perhaps not .
 On the bottom of the perfume box it said not for re-sale . I was duked . It was a sample that I bought . By the smell of the fragrance you could tell it was very old . - Rubbing alcohol smell ...
 I thought this would be a great little gift for my sister untill I found a bigger bottle . I even bought one for myself . But after taking the tiny little plug out of the bottle , all the perfume leaked out of both bottles ! I did n't get to use it once even . Neither of our bottles were stored laying down so we were both very disapointed .
 I 've tried this product 6 times cuz I did n't want to give up . I keep staying up all night . I almost late to work all time and ca n't concentrate on driving . I feel abit tire and not hungry at all . I think it 's the caffeine in this product cuz I do n't drink coffee at all . I even hate the smell of coffee . Sorry I ca n't help rate it .
 I got this brush with the intention of dry brushing my face , but the bristles are too hard and rough for delicate face skin . I do not have sensitive , delicate facial skin . I use gentle movements , still i can not manage to bear the touch of this harsh brush . I washed the brush thinking that the bristles might turn a little softer , but they did not . I tried making it wet and use it in the shower with facial cleanser but its too harsh that way also -LRB- wet application -RRB- . Its been sitting ever since i got it , as i can not make it work .
 I bought this to fight frizz . I am not happy with it . It says to put it on when hair is damp . I 've tried wet , damp , and dry and I 've never had satisfactory results . The frizz comes back within a half hour or so .
 it 's SO TINY . I bought it for my husband thinking it would be a good travel size . It 's just like those little tubes they give out at store . But the cap pops off and you spill the whole thing on the counter so you pay a lot of money for one use . Looks like it 's bigger because of the spray nozzle , but do n't be fooled . This thing should only be free . Shame on Polo for trying to sell it as a product .
 It does n't work for what we intended it for
 I was hoping this tool would work like the tool they use when I get a facial , but I ca n't get it to work . Waste of money .
 I also agree this item is a waste of your money . I would not purchase it .
 I give this product a 2/5 because it does n't fully work for my hair . While it does make my hair pretty soft , whether I apply to damp or dry hair , it does absolutely nothing for my frizzies.It smoothes them down for about 1 hour on dry hair , but quickly they spring right back.For reference
 I 've been using ERA spray foundation for many years & I 've never had a problem with it . This time , the first time I tried to use it , the sprayer clogged . I tried running the nozel under hot water . I tried switching to a nozel that I know works . Nothing made it work . I had ordered 2 ERA spray foundations & when I got about a third of the way through the can , the second one stopped working . I wrote Earth Beauty after the first one stopped working & to their credit they sent me a knew one . So far it 's working . I have n't told them about the second can . Actually , I do n't think the problem is really a clogged nozel . When I push down to try & spray , it makes no noise . It seems like there is no pressure in the can to force the liquid out . Very frustrating because this stuff is n't cheap . -LRB- $ 55.00 each -RRB- .
 I do n't know how this product will work . I only had it for two days.I hope it will work.I like it
 This product is simply talcum powder . It did n't absorb oil especially well and came with a very cheap and stiff poweder puff/pad which made application difficult . I do not recommend , especially for the price .
 This shampoo works well for hair that is not dry or color-treated . Mine is both , thus ` Sleek ' was a bad choice for me . The shampoo is thick and lathers poorly by comparison to the Suave Professionals Almond + Shea Butter shampoo I 've chosen to use instead . It rinses , but not well , and left my hair feeling drier and not the least bit ` sleek ' . If you have color treated , processed or dry hair , and/or use a flat iron for styling , avoid this shampoo . It 's just not moisturizing enough and will leave you with fly-away , dry hair which defeats the ` sleek ' look you were hoping for in the first place . It would work OK for kids ' hair or perhaps those with normal to oily hair .
 When I purchased this product , I thought I was getting a good deal because of the cheaper price . However , once I received it , I knew I had made a mistake . I 've been using this product for several years now , and I knew just by looking at this one that it was n't right . The texture was incredibly thin , and the color was much lighter -- something that could only leave me to believe that maybe water had been added to it.Lesson learned -- spend the extra money -- you 're paying for quality !
 The color that arrived is more orange than the color swatch on the computer . I can not wear it .
 A few notes about why I did not like these : They are so thick that they are not flexible to go around your hair . Often , the seal jsut ends up popping on the first try and I did not even get a chance to start wrapping it around my hair -LRB- which btw , is not so thick -RRB- . When they do fit , they stretch out very easily and often lose the elastic part on some sections of the ponytail holder . I have been able to use a few for an extended period before they break.I do not reccommend these ponytial holders if you are looking for strong and thick ones .
 The reason I bought this shampoo is because I love the leave in Argan oil.My hair has a keratin treatment , and is pretty decent . My texture is about a 4a or 4b . The first time I used it , it felt a little brittle , but I thought , I give it another try.I used it along with the conditioner , my hair was tangle and brittle , but it felt clean . To make my hair a little softer I used Neutrogena triple moisture after the wash.Second time I used it with the mask , and was a little better but still tangles . I will finish the bottle but will not purchase again . Thank Goodness Neutrogena 's hair mask saves the day .
 Consumers need to be aware that just because the brand name `` DermOrganic '' includes word organic , DermOrganic products do not include any organic ingredients whatsoever . A check of their labels will show that the word organic does n't appear anywhere other than within the brand name . For information on understanding organic content in products , consumers should be aware of the FDA requirements for labeling products as organic . A brief summary of organic labeling requirements can be found at
 I do n't get it ... I am a Cosmetologist and so I decided to buy this at my supply house . The shampoo is good and I like how it lathers and cleans . The conditioner is a joke . It turns strangely foamy as it gets into the hair , and it 's frankly too weak to do anything . The more I used this brand the dryer my hair was becoming . The `` Argon Oil '' portion of this brand is heavy with silicone first and so low on argon oil that it makes this a simple silicone product , the oils in it are essentially useless . . So yes , if you put enough silicone in your hair it does shut off water absorption and therefore your hair will dry faster ... Bottom line
 I have only used this once , so I 'm not sure if this is an accurate portrayal of how it actually works ... its possible my hair was just in a bad mood today and does n't like it . However , I could feel a difference as I was putting it into my hair - and not a good one . The shampoo itself is very watery -LRB- so much so that it leaked through the tape the shipper placed on it , even though it was still in the locked position -RRB- but it lathers up great . It does n't smell very pleasant when you are lathering up , it smells basically like bar soap . The smell does n't linger , however , and 2 hours after my shower my hair just smells like - well , hair . I combed my hair directly after the shower , and my hair was so clean that I could n't comb it without getting that annoying rubbing/squeaking/pulling effect . I was under the impression that this was supposed to condition as well as shampoo . After my hair dried naturally -LRB- no blow dryer to affect the result -RRB- it almost felt like straw . It was difficult to manage . This might be because I 'm in Afghanistan and need quite a bit of moisture to keep my hair happy , but I do n't think I will be using this shampoo again . I do n't mean to sound like a raging lunatic like some of the people that leave comments when they find a product they do n't like , but I do not have anything good to say about it . It might just not be for me . My search for the perfect shampoo continues - any suggestions , feel free to let me know !!
 I bought this because I like Wen but not the price tag . DermOrganic does have a nice lather but thats it . It left mine and my 3 yr old daughters hair so dry that I couldnt even brush through it while it was wet . I noticed that her hair has been very tangley since using it . Im returning it and going back to Wen . .
 This product is NOT organic ! It IS free of paraben free and free of other `` bad '' ingredients but it 's also free of organic ingredients . #misleading .
 I feel like when I read back on the reviews -LRB- which I also read prior to ordering -RRB- , I am reading about a different product . I was looking for something sulfate-free like Wen , that did n't foam and was gentle on my hair . This stuff leaves my fine hair feeling like straw - and I do n't process my hair , so I 'm confused as to how other reviewers have had such luck with it . This may work for thick / coarse hair as some other reviewers have described but I DO N'T recommend for fine hair . It really just tangles and tangles and strips my hair . It 's not good ! And , of course , it does foam which shame on me for not being more aware but I thought sulfate-free shampoos were not supposed to foam ??? Anyway , not good shampoo for fine hair . VERY disappointed . Stick with Wen !
 I bought this because the bottle said it was a `` conditioning shampoo '' . This is nothing like Hair One or Wen . This lathers like a regular shampoo and I did not like the way it made my hair feel ; like a dried mass when wet.I suppose if you had oily hair , this may work for you . I just want to caution people from spending their hard-earned money on something that is not what it appears to be . -LRB- Also , someone mentioned it 's not really organic -RRB-
 The pump does n't work since day 1 , so I ca n't get the product out of the bottle -LRB- the bottleneck is too thin for such a thick product -RRB- . I called the manufacturer and their customer service is terrible , they could only say that I would get a refund if I bought it on Amazon . Unfortunately I started using it -LRB- or trying to use it for the first time -RRB- 50 days after I bought it , so Amazon wo n't refund my money . Dissapointing . I will never buy any other Dermorganic product ever -LRB- or any other personal care item from Amazon -RRB- . I rated it 2 stars vs one becasuse I was able to pull a little bit of the product at the top out with my finger , and it smelled nice .
 not only did the handle not work and I had to manually get the shampoo out , but the shampoo itself is horrible , worst product I have ever used
 This product after seven times used caused crazy dandruff and itchy scalp , i hated it and wished didnt buy it , i know its different from hair to another , but if this product is truly organic , then my scalp wouldnt have dandruff at least . So i highly NOT recommended ...
 You have to use a lot of this shampoo to get it to lather . I will not buy this again .
 For me these just did n't meet my expectations . I 've used other L-carnitine productsand along with this one my body did n't react the way I expected even though theproduct l-carnitine is very subtle . It may work for you so while I do n't recommendit , I will recommend a product that does . Try the NOW liquid l-carnitine 1000mg . I just find my energy level up using NOW liquid 2 tablespoons each time at 230lbson empty stomach 1/2hour before working out or using treadmill . If you are looking for abuzz or the caff affect , this is n't the one to do that . You get more sustainedsmooth level energy with no crash but it 's key to find the dosage that works for you.With the tablets , I just could n't find what worked for me after 8 weeks andseveral bottles . I used as directed for 4 weeks then tried increasing dosagethe last 4 weeks and nothing . A side note
 `` Now '' seems to a really low quality brand . its cheaper but you would be better off paying $ 3-4 extra and get something like ON or muscletech .
 I loved the original wax by bliss . This new microwaveable version just does n't work as well . It takes so long to heat up . It really was easier to heat it up on the stove . It 's like New Coke , why mess with the original ?
 I was looking for a wax to do in between my regular professional wax at the spa . I 'm a regular but sometimes I ca n't get an appointment when I need it so I tried Bliss . I read all the reviews and everyone was spot on . My only issue was the fact that all the wax is not usable . All the product left on the sides of the cup never melts . I think that 's a waste of money . The other thing is that it works better with small amounts of hair . I learned that the hard way. : -LRB- So all in all , I use it when I need a quick in between job but it certainly wo n't replace my trip to the spa !
 I terribly miss the old Poetic Waxing kit that came in a metal mug . Yes , it took longer to warm on the stove . Yes , I needed a dedicated saucepan that I used only to warm my wax , since wax got on the saucepan and was hard/impossible to clean . HOWEVER , I feel the microwave kit takes extra time too , and takes more attention/effort in the warming period , and results in waste of wax , and , as others have mentioned is smaller so is even MORE expensive per use than the original , which is sort of amazing given how much these have always cost.In the microwave cup , the wax melts inconsistently and so I need to microwave , try to stir half-melted-half-hard wax , again microwave , again try to stir half-melted-half-hard wax , repeat six or seven times total . Also , I DISLIKE microwaving plastic . Yes , all sorts of industries tell us that microwaving plastic is safe . Girl , please.But my main beef with the microwave kit is that in the actual process of waxing , as I dip the applicator into the wax and the scrape the excess off before applying it to my hairy person , most of the wax transfers to the inside walls of the microwave cup and hardens there . So that the next time I get out the wax kit , I have somehow scrape or chip the wax off the sides and into the bottom . I find that I ca n't get it all off , and it does n't melt down , and so that 's wax that gets wasted . And yes , as other comments have mentioned , the whole kit seems smaller and even MORE expensive . Every time I 've used the microwave version of the kit , I felt insulted . It 's poor design , and for the high price , I expect better.One thing that remains excellent about the kit
 I 'm an experienced waxer , but this ` hard ' wax was new for me . I did n't like it . I feel that you have to use way too much product to get the consistency correct so that you can then pull it off.I much prefer the ` soft ' wax that you have to use cloth strips to remove . For $ 45 you really do n't get a lot of wax . This wax is pretty - shiny blue . That makes it easy to see the tiny spots you may have missed . It heated up exactly like the instructions said it would in my microwave . But , I returned this to Sephora -LRB- which has an excellent return policy !! -RRB- after my attempt . It 's just not for me.Instead , I got the ` Satin Smooth ' electric wax heater and I LOVE that .
 just be aware that this image is not according to product , this bottle of perfume showing is really a body lotion in other presentation , do n't get confuse like happen to me .
 I was expecting this product to be GREAT since I read all good reviews about it . It actually was just ok , as any regular pharmacy product . It did n't improve my skin at all and in fact gave me a little breakout since it does have -LRB- or at least it feel like -RRB- oil.Don ' t spend this much $ $ on it . AHAVA has waaaay better products for same/cheaper prices !
 This is by far the worst product I have ever used in my life -LRB- and I use a lot of products -RRB- ! Not only did it not work , it actually had the OPPOSITE effect , my legs had such an adverse reaction to this product that I had to wear pants for days during the summer because the disgusting bumps and rash on my legs were so unsightly . I used this product as the directions suggested , felt a slight burning immediately after applying that I figured was normal , nothing too bad . A few hours later my legs were terribly itchy and red , and there were bumps all over that looked like bug bites . I had to use steroid cremes and cortizone for days before it went away . I DO NOT RECOMMEND this product to anyone .
 I 've tried/used just about every Axe shower gel . I am really hooked . I usually have several in my shower to fit my mood : -RRB- Axe Kilo had a good smell . It is somewhat of a cross between a musk -LRB- Dark Temptation or Anarchy -RRB- and a citrus -LRB- Twist -RRB- . It is not a very strong smell , however.My big gripe with this is that it is quite runny/diluted . I was surprised how easily it poured/ran out of the bottle . In contrast , other Axe shower gels are super-concentrated and thick and luxurious with extra goodies in them . In others , a little goes a long ways , but not with Kilo . It is one of the weakest Axe shower gels I have used , so it is comparatively expensive to use . I would say , I use it 3X the amount of others . It also has no special exfoliating scrubs , moisturizing beads , or even any sparkles in it.In short , if you are new to Axe , pass on this one . There are many better ones . If you are a seasoned Axe user , this is maybe worth 1 bottle just so you can try it and for variety . Shop around because there are various sizes and sellers and packs .
 it doesnt work if you dont use soap . ur supposed to use the combination . Anyone who doesnt use soap in addition to this bodywash smells . trust me on this one .
 This basket arrived today and looks MUCH smaller than the one pictured . I did not receive the extra gift or greeting card mentioned in the title . I have not opened the poorly sealed clear wrap surrounding the basket , but I only see the towel , a sponge , a bag of something , and 3 upside down bottles . There may be something under the bottles , but I ca n't tell . There is a large amount of packing material . Right now , I do not see how I can possibly give it as the gift I had intended for it to be . I would be too embarrassed . My suggestion would be to assemble your own basket . Anyone could do a better job than this . See the two images of the one I received .
 I bought this hoping it would give me frizz control and a soft , silky feel , but no , it was the complete opposite . My hair felt really gunked up and dirty . It felt heavy and weighed down . So for me , this is a no go . Redken is usually pretty good but this just is n't for me .
 I was hoping this fragrance was the same as the one from the 90 's . Unfortunately it is n't and the scent is not too flattering . I ended up giving the product away .
 When I bought this item I was thinking that I 'd receive 2 , but , when I open the package has only 1 . It is n't `` 2 Pack '' .
 I actually LOVE Soft Musk by Avon.What I hated was the fact that when I received the two bottles , the boxes were dog-eared and the perfume was so old it had no smell whatsoever ! I take that back it smelled like alcohol . I know this because , I had an Avon lady who gave me some that she had for quite some time ... and the conition of the cologne was exactly the same . I was very disappointed .
 I bought this hair dryer and it worked great for about 3 times and then the on/off button quit working now I have to use the reset button on the plug in piece to turn it on and off and it will only blow high air . So if you do n't mind that then this hair dryer is made for you . : -RRB-
 I got this as a gift for a friend , choosing it as the least expensive hair dryer available on Amazon . When I visited him recently , I had a chance to use it myself.It 's compact in that it is rather small , but it does not fold up so is not the best choice for travel . It 's not that much smaller than a typical dryer , anyway . It feels decently solid , not like a cheap piece of garbage , but it 's also not very powerful . I 'm no expert on the wattage of hair dryers , but it took significantly longer to dry my hair than it does at home , and I was shivering most of the time.If you have very thick hair that you regularly dry , or you need a portable dryer for travel , this is not for you . If you 're a man and just need something for occasional light drying -LRB- or want to impress females that stay over , maybe ? -RRB- , this is a functional choice at the best price . However , it might be even cheaper and certainly easier to just go buy a cheap one in a store .
 After reading so many positive reviews and being a fan of certain citrusy smells and notes , I was certainly intrigued . After all , who can hate blood orange ? I must be the first one b/c I certainly dislike this perfume with gusto -- enough to write a review ! I have to say I have n't tried that pungent of a smell in a long time . The description was correct in saying that it 's fresh , and I certainly should 've listened to that closer . It is indeed fresh , not sweet or powdery , or musky . The orange that I smell is so synthetic that it almost makes me dizzy and nauseated . The bitterness in it is also unpleasant to me . The staying power appears to be decent , and that 's the reason I gave it two stars rather than one . Stella-a-a -- rude , obnoxious , and is here to stay .
 Order Sheer Obession was sent regular Obsession company credited and email me a return label . Still do not have product that I wanted but it was nice to get a credit and return postage .
 These lashes are not what they appear in ad . They are false and look false and do not stay aligned with lash line .
 Hi , The product is almost unusable . Due to the chip in the rim of the bottle , it has allowed air into the product . Not the product 's fault . I had been wondering how to deal with my problem when you sent this comment request today , wonderful.How can we remedy this situation ?
 I ordered two bottles of this polish on November 19 , 2009 and as of December 5th , I have yet to receive my order . I have emailed the seller twice - was told the first order was lost and another was sent but have not received any order . My credit card was charged on November 19th but NO polish yet !!!!!
 The only reason I bought this is because I was hoping it would smell like the almond cleansing oil , but it does n't . I love the smell of the cleansing oil so much I would be willing to pay the price for this cream . I 'm 35 and have started to see the signs of loss of moisture and sagging , but I do n't have overly dry skin . It has a really strong , sweet powdery smell that is a bit overwhelming . The smell eventually fades to a tolerable scent , but is still to sweet for my liking and is nothing like the cleansing oil . As for the moisturizing properties , it does n't work any better than drug store brands like aveeno.I wo n't be purchasing again .
 I 've received the Almond line from my husband for Christmas -LRB- never smelled this before -RRB- so it was love at first sniff . I love every single item in the package , but my absolute favorite was this milk concentrate . However , I am a little sad as well because I wo n't be using this every day , though I could afford it , I feel the price tag is not in proportion with the product ; the 7oz of deliciousness realistically should cost $ 10-15 less at least -LRB- I took 1 star off for that -RRB- , or double the amount for $ 40 because it goes fast ! The cream itself works wonders , it moisturizes so well and has the perfect balance between oiliness and how the skin absorbs the oils in the cream , it makes my skin feel and look beautiful . But so do other cremes out there for less.I am in love with this scent now so I wanted to purchase a perfume when I discovered that there is none , so I had to hunt down a milk-like perfume by another company -LRB- it is a nice scent as well but not the same -RRB- please L'Occitane , do make a perfume for the Almond line!P.S . For those who strictly -LRB- have to -RRB- use natural products , know that L'Occitane uses quiet a few ingredients that are not natural -LRB- this creme included -RRB- . Update
 I was just given this set - new - and was impressed by the reviews . I 'm not sure if it 's just my hair , but these do little more than a roller hair brush and dryer . I figured I needed to work out the kinks and give it another try . Again same look and that 's all the curl I have after 20 minutes . Concept is good - just does n't work on my fine , full head of hair . If you want curl stick to the hot rollers .
 I purchased this product after hearing so many great reviews on african american hair . My hair is a combination of 3b , 4a-b -- but does n't do well with these types of rollers . Relaxer or no relaxer , my hair turns out either too frizzy and I have to eventually flat iron it to get it descent , or it turns out really limp . Not a good product for me , maybe it works on different hair types . I will probably sell my product .
 The first one of these I received broke after 2 uses . Target.com quickly sent a replacement at no charge , and now that one has broken after about 5 uses . Very frustrating , because otherwise it seems like a good system .
 This was a great product for the price , but within 6 months the product no longer works . Do n't know why . I would rather pay more for a better product .
 does n't really work if you have thicker , longer hair and there are not enough rollers . spent an hour trying to get the steam action to work on my hair and ended up with damp hair and barely a wave .
 I had an old Caruso molecular setter that finally conked out . I thought the ion feature of this would be great . The clicking is annoying , but if it worked , I would n't mind . This puts out WAY less steam , causing the amount of time it takes to heat a curler much longer than the old system . Then , after all that , it only curls about 1/2 as much . So , it takes longer for less curl -- not worth it . I hope I can get another Caruso , but I hear they have problems now , too . Ahhhh , remember the good old days when things worked !
 If you 're a manBeware this AxeAll nicely wrappedIn reds and blacksThere 're better onesThat you can chooseThan `` Touch '' - a redAnd fruity oozeFrom the bottleComes a floodOf bright red stuffThat looks like bloodMy husband lookedAnd said `` Oh God!Keep that red goopFrom my bod ! `` Made for a man?Surely they jest?More like aZombie horror festAmanda Richards , April 15 , 2009
 This bottle came with a broken sprayer . The silver bar that the lid clicks on to also was broken . Perfume was sent that i wanted however the bottle was in awful condition .
 After a couple hours of applying multiple sprays the perfume has no scent whatsoever . Nice bottle , pretty price . Wish i could return product -LRB- s -RRB- , purchased 3 fragrances , but ca n't return flammables .
 the spray mechanism was broke so the perfume practically poured out and it did n't even smell good . I just chunked it in the trash all together ... does n't even deserve 1 star
 I purchased this to bring down to Disney . I filled it and used it once . It worked pretty well . When I tried to refill it , something broke inside and it would no longer pump . I contacted customer service and was told to get a return number via email . I did that , but the customer service rep who communicated with me via email was extremely rude . She eventually gave me a refund on the broken product.Overall , its a very poorly made product . If it worked , it would be great .
 I only used it once and it was very nice . The problem is that it was knocked on the ground and broke . It should be made of a higher quality plastic because it does not balance well standing up .
 I am a BIG fan of Misty Mate products , and this is about the fourth 2.5-ounce personal mister from Misty Mate that I have bought but several things were very wrong with this one though these are typically IDEAL for packing in a tennis bag , etc. -- preferably in a waterproof pouch such as a Sea to Summit or at least a ZipLoc , which both saved all of the contents of my tennis bag as this leaked horribly at first use unlike the others I have bought . This item actually has an incorrect title with the `` misting in the park , '' which is not part of the name of a Misty Mate personal mister/cooler -- it is n't even on the packaging of what received through this specific listing on Amazon from Jedmart -LRB- or similar -RRB- . The title listed also leaves out the brand name , Misty Mate , which was on the insert card , which was for a Canadian version of the product that was also lacking the 4-year guarantee that is in `` real '' Misty Mate packages and featured on the front of the packaging PLUS this item leaked all over the place the very first time I used it . I have owned multiple 2.5 ounce Misty Mates in the past and none leaked right out of the package at the first use when filled to the appropriate level . The packaging for this bilingual Canadian one say Misty Mate Personal Cooler with a bright-red As seen on TV burst on it , which is not the way the item is photographed on the site -LRB- or the image usedd -RRB- .
 Ingenious idea as a siphon mister . Trouble is mine never worked because the top split at the seams before ever filled with water . Voila , no suction chamber , no work .
 I only used my first one a few times and it broke . The company replaced it with no problem , but the 2nd one just broke , again after only a couple of uses . I 've used it in my car and it does n't really offer much cooling but keeps the kids occupied at least . But I 'd really recommend not wasting your money - both times the way it broke was the plastic cracked without being dropped or anything . First it was the handle to the pump , and the 2nd time the top both cracked and the seam split as though I 'd tightened it really hard -LRB- which I had n't -RRB- .
 After ordering 3 Misty Mates 2.5 units -LRB- stupid me for ordering 3 -RRB- , each one had a major problem rendering it useless . The first one broke after about three uses due to the seams on the screw-on top splitting and thus not allowing pressure to maintained when pumped into the unit . -LRB- Could this have been my fault for attempting to screw on too tight ? Possibly -RRB- . The second one order came damaged -LRB- the top was shattered -RRB- . The third on arrived with a split in the same seam on the screw-on top , rendering it useless . The unit 's top is made in two pieces that are melded together with a weak seam on either side . The slightest tension or pressure causes them to split . Do not waste your money . The 3.0 unit is much stronger and sturdier .
 This works really good while it lasts.If you drop it , turn the cap too tight , or pump it too hard it breaks.It just breaks . It is made of good plastic.That is it Plastic.You pay for what you get.I broke 3 already . I do not know why I bought another one .
 This item is a piece of junk ... 1sr day we used it it got a hairline spilt up the side of body in which air could escape so pressurizing did not work ... had item replaced and new mister came with a crack in the same exact spot while still packaged !! Sent it back asap
 Was great , gave nice mist , but it started leaking at the adhered base after a while and would n't spray thereafter . I took great care to release the pressure when not in use too . The second one , the plunger broke . I received a replacement , but it started leaking too . Too bad though , the size and portability was convenient . Manufacturer needs to conduct serious quality control measures .
 I purchased this product as a gift . With expedited shipping , I paid over $ 30 -LRB- more for shipping than the price of the product -RRB- . When the item arrived , I was embarrassed to give it as a gift . It looked like something from the dollar store - and when used , performed about as well . It just sprays a little squirt of water -LRB- not really what you could call mist -RRB- . Very poor design , construction - and I would not recommend this product to anyone . It appears that it is not an actual Misty Mate , but a knock-off . Let the buyer beware - and in this case , I did n't , so shame on me . If you are considering a mister , do n't order this one . Get the real deal , or another model/manufacturer .
 This item quality is very poor due to imitation , there is a leakage coming from the top cover and the price is expensive and was made from the original product price .
 I bought 4 of these thinking they worked like O-2-Cool 's product # 3133Mist-N-Sip . absolutely not the case , these small so called misterssoak you wet , no wonder kids like them , but not good for adultsthey get you too wet !!
 This product use to be good i have bought them from stores and Direct from them ... My last 2 ... the 2.5 and 3.0 MISTY MATE didnt work ... Customer service is SOOOOOO Bad they never pick . I will be posting a class action suit if they dont get back to me ASAP . Im so mad they ruin travel plans and fun stuff . The product is made in CHINA ... what a joke . . If you buy this product i will be the first one to tell you i told you so.worst of the worst i will be looking for a better company ... Idea is great Company so bad i will sure to WARN all my friends .
 this is a nice concept . and I bought it to use at work the thing leaked all over me . if they fix the leaky problem I would give it mor stars
 The product arrived DAMAGED WITH BOX , NOT APPEAR ORIGINAL , the perfume does not last a long time and quickly loses FRAGRANCE
 CK one 3.4 oz , I received a perfume that was previously opened . The plastic wrap around the box was missing . It does n't say that in the description . I feel cheated . Do not buy this if it is for a gift .
 I bought this for a way understated price at a thrift store . I have never liked it from the day I bought it , but it was cheap ! And after all it was Guerlain . How bad could it be ! The anise smell is overpowering . There is claim to there being other scents involved , but all I can smell is the anise . It 's hard to tell if it 's a male fragrance or female . I do n't mind a unisex fragrance , ie . love love love , Perry Ellis 's America . I think it 's the man 's version that I wear . It 's absolutely incredible ! I am using this anise scent as a bathroom spray . Works for that !
 This iron came with no instructions.The handle does not have a spring , does not lock and I still ca n't manipulate it.The box suggests getting on line if you have questions . Not what I expected from aproduct described as professional.No warrentee material.Buyer beware .
 I was so excited at first then a major let down . I have had my curling iron less than a month and the handle already broke !
 I have heavey dark circles and i tried tons of products . Most of them minimize them but this product does not do it . I went to the mall and the sells girl put this on one of my eyes to compare with the eye she did not do i did not see a difference . This product is 16 dollars while you can go go to target and get a decent concealer for 5.00 . Another thing the sales ladies at the mac counter wear to much make up they look like drag queens basically . Why do woman waste there money of crappy products like this , that money they save by getting makeup at a drug store can go to help people that really need it . I basically got a complete makup collection lipstick , concealer , fondation , mascara , eye shadow , and blush for 22.00 at my local Target .
 I was temp . insane and bought this and the matching shampoo which was $ $ $ $ . Did n't see any difference in my hair and this conditioner is def . not moisturizing enough . My hair was a knotted mess after my shower . Do yourself a favor and save your $ $ $ .
 - Olay INTENSIVE RESTORATION TREATMENT in a black tube was advertised.-I ordered 3 of that item-HBA ZONE INC sent 3 items of Olay TARGETED WRINKLE REPAIR-HBA ZONE INC advertised one product , but sent another-Very deceptive advertising and sending a wrong product that was not ordered.-RATING OF PRODUCT
 I have been using this product for almost a year now and have had no results with this . It has not harmed me in any way but my skin would have been the same without this product . A waste of money .
 As soon as I started using this product , I noticed that lots of red dots showed up at my upper chest . I stopped it right away , and those red dots disappeared a day later . This product might does the wonder , but it 's certainly not for everyone who might be allergic to it .
 I bought this to take odors out of my hair but it smells so bad itself , I think I 'd prefer odors ! It may actually work well I am not sure but the item itself smells bad . I also paid more for shipping than for the item .
 Product arrived promptly and as promised ; however , I found the product has an unpleasant odor when sprayed . Frankly , it does n't neutralize odor so much as cover it up with something worse .
 I 've tried several of this brand and can only stand one -LRB- the Neroli -RRB- . They all start with a sharp note . On this one it never fades away . Instead you end up smelling like an old lady who applied some freesia perfume and then doused herself in Aqua Net hairspray . YUCK !
 This product was a waste of money and made me quite mad ! I bought this for my dad for Father 's day and I shipped it directly to him . I bought this item a week before Father 's day and he did n't get it until a week AFTER Father 's day , and it was tiny ! Apparently , it is only about 2 inches tall ! Overall , I was VERY disappointed .
 Great product but completely overpriced . Can get 20 bands , rather than the 3 described here , for the same price elsewhere .
 Aquaphor is no better than a .99 cent jar of vaseline and it 's just as greasy . My son has severe eczema and dry skin all over his body . We have tried every cream and lotion including several prescription and the best I have found are Palmer 's Cocoa Butter and Eucerin -LRB- Wal-Mart sells a generic version that works just as well -RRB- . There is no benefit to buying this over petroleum jelly .
 After having read all the reviews , I had high hopes for Aquaphor for baby 's eczema . It turned out to be a gooey , sticky mess that rubbed off on everything and was hard to remove
 I am someone who has taken Accutane , and because of the medication I now have pretty dry skin . The skin can crack and slough off , and it can be pretty painful . I read recommendations for Aquaphor , and more specifically this healing ointment , so I decided to give it a shot.The ointment is a sticky , greasy , tar-like substance . I grimaced as I rubbed the goo onto my dry skin , where it stayed for the next 10 hours . My clothing and my bed linens all have residue on them from this ointment . I had tried vaseline -LRB- the substance , not the brand -RRB- months before this , but disliked it because it was ... sticky , greasy , and tar-like . However , the vaseline did help my skin . This is the exact same.If you can put up with the heavy feeling of it on your skin for hours , as well as how it soils your clothes , then I would recommend regular old generic vaseline . It 's the exact same , except it probably wo n't come in as colorful a bottle .
 Aquaphor Healing Ointment , 14 oz -LRB- 396 g -RRB- -LRB- Pack of 2 -RRB- I placed an order and received Auaphor Baby Ointment . I was told not to return it . I requested a reorder and Baby ointment was delivered again.Again I was told oinments can not be returned . I requested a credit . I then received an Email stating I would not receive a credit unless the itm was returned . I am still waiting for a credit . I have been an Amazon customer for 10 years and this has been my worst experiece .
 I had read about these in a European magazine . Thinking all things European are better and suddenly getting a cold sore just when I did n't want it , I rush ordered it . I 've tried a lot of different cold sore remedies . This has to be the weirdest . It 's like a band-aid . They are by no means invisible . In fact they drew more attention to it than if I had n't used it at all . Hmmmmm ...
 This CD was just what I was looking for . No surpising offbeat songs . All quiet and soothing . Great for last thing you hear before sleep . Smooth transaction . Glad I bought it .
 I think on the product description it should specify if the cologne is spray or splash , because I have ordered and gotten the wrong thing .
 I bought this make-up in NYC at Henri Bendel about 7 years ago . Paula Dorf was actually at the store and did my make up . I fell in love with this product . I have purchased it intermittently throughout the years , but I have n't used it in a while . I have been using Chanel foundation and have really liked it , but wanted to try this again to do a comparison.It is so oily . When I rub my forehead it 's like I rubbed baby oil on my skin . I 'm so disappointed . It 's really an inferior product compared to the original formulation . Too bad .
 I have fine yet abundant hair with curl that tends to be on the dry side . I blow dry and use a curling iron . I also lighten my hair . I thought this product would soften my hair . . WRONG ! This product COATED my hair and made it feel just plain gross . I threw it away !
 In the photo of the Badger 's SPF 30 I ordered , the `` non-nano '' symbol was on the label . The item I received does not have the label and expires in 3 months . I specifically ordered this particular lotion with the intention that it would be the newer version of Badger 's SPF 30 with the non-nano Zinc Oxide . I went to the Badger website and it specifies that if the non-nano label is n't on the bottle , then it is an older version . I am not happy about what I received and wish I could return it . I already ran my errands today , have no sun lotion , and am going to the beach with my 3 year old tomorrow AM . I need it so I will keep it . Total bummer.As far as the shipping , fast . I ordered Prime and it came on day expected . Packaging was perfect . Product ... NOT AS PICTURED !
 The picture and description -LRB- and price -RRB- would have you think you are receiving multiple items but it is ONLY 1 tube of spf 30 ! It is $ 13 dollars elsewhere on amazon .
 We were looking to buy an organic sunscreen , as our family has used some in years past and has loved it . The health food store we were shopping in , however , did n't carry any . But the salesperson led us to a display of Badger sunscreen , saying how great it worked how good its ingredients were . We bought it.Only we 've been sorely disappointed . Sorely . We do n't get much sun in Seattle , but this past weekend was sunny and hot -LRB- for here -RRB- . We lathered up ourselves and our kids in our Badger spf 15 , and in the length of a single soccer game , each of us was crispified.I guess I 'm just tired of sunburns . I 've had too many . But taking `` precautions '' by using Badger 's sunscreen was clearly a mistake for our family.Maybe the higher spfs work -- I do n't know . I do know , though , that we wo n't risk buying Badger again .
 We have a convertible and live in Hawaii . Last week , three of us drove around the island and were directly exposed to the sun for about 3 hours . The two guys applied this sun screen soon into the trip and I wore no sunscreen . At about 4 PM the two guys faces were VERY bright red so much that a friend commented on how red their faces were . Mine was not . Of course part of this has to do with skin type - their faces are more prone to getting red with the sun than mine -LRB- although Im pretty fair -RRB- - so I can not be certain . However , that experience gave me little confidence in this product and I will not use it again . I CAN say that we were very impressed that all of the ingredients in this product are natural . If it `` worked '' for us it would be great .
 Sure it 's top rated by cosmetic database , but it 's pasty and so white it 's gross !
 After reading all the glowing reviews on this product , I thought my prayers had been answered . I was incredibly disappointed that the product absolutely did not work for my daughter . We still have yet to find a product that will put an end to the nightmare of fixing her hair !
 This product did absolutely nothing for my hair @my hair is very curly . Did not define my curls at all . . still look frizzy . . waste of money on this product .
 Let me start out by saying I used the products exactly as the instructions stated . I had extremely high hopes for the Mixed Chicks products -LRB- I tried the trial pack that contained all three -- which is a very good deal -RRB- . It 's enough for more than one application . Unfortunately , after I used the shampoo , my hair felt WRONG , it felt a little hard and matted -LRB- I have 3c hair -RRB- . Then when I put in the deep conditioner in my hair felt MUCH better . So I thought , ok , this might work . And then when I applied the leave-in conditioner , it felt nice . The problem is after my hair dried . I have fine hair , so as the MC video instructed , I did not use alot of product . However , my hair still was a little hard and `` crunchy '' after it was completely dry . And on day two , it felt really dry -LRB- even after I applied the Daily Moisturizer that I use ... which normally does a very good job . So , this hardness , crunchiness , and dryness of my hair prompted me to research the ingredients in the MC Products and I found that the shampoo contains tea lauryl sulfate which is VERY drying for the hair . I will not be buying anymore of this product for ME . I am sure it works for some people , as evidenced by so many rave reviews . But it does not work for ALL of us Mixed Chicks !
 This conditioner is ok . If you use a whole lot if makes your curls look real nice . But you have the more you have in your hair the heavier it makes your hair . Both me and my daughter have long thick hair and with all that product it makes my neck hurt . I did n't like how it also made your hair hard and that you could not touch it too much after it dryed or else it would give you flakes .
 I tried the leave in conditioner 2 times on my biracial little girl 's hair and was not too impressed . this product is good if you wash and detangle daily . but after 1 day , hair is dry and tangled . my daughter 's hair is mostly straight with a slight wave and curly ends . gel from $ store and water works better for us then this stuff . wo n't waste my money on it again . this company ignore moisture needs completely
 DO NOT purchase this product if you have 4-anything hair ! It will not work ! I purchased the shampoo , conditioner , deep conditioner , and leave-in products thinking that if I used them all together , they would work . Boy , was I sorely mistaken ! This stuff made my hair hard and dry and left flakes . Furthermore , the shampoo has sodium-lauryl sulfate in it -LRB- unless they have changed the formula since I bought it -RRB- which is HORRIBLE for tightly-curled hair . I gave the products to a co-worker who has a daughter with type 3 hair .
 Not at all worth the hype . Save your hard earned money because there are products on the market that are much better for way cheaper . I used it for about 2 weeks and gave it away . Try Pro-L $ ne comb-thru $ oftener , it 's cheaper and does a much better job .
 I am a white guy with curly dry hair . This product looked good for about an hr , but the style did n't last for long . And forget about running your hands through your hair with this stuff in it . I have searched for a long time to find a product that works in my hair . Granted I only tried this product once . But I could tell it was n't for me . I am currently using Wen 's leave in conditioner , and it seems to be the best around now that Crew discontinued their leave in condition for men .
 Well i bought it over christmas -LRB- i 'm of italian , spainish & black decent btw -RRB- it makes my hair shiny & soft but does n't control my frizz . -LRB- which is suppose to -RRB- I followed the direction on the bottle & the online videos but it still came out even worse then before . My hair looks even more terrible . My hair is natually thick but has a wavy , curly texture i wanted something that kept my wavy curls but helped frizz . I 'm so disappointed . I 've heard so much good things about the product it really ticks me off that it worked better on my grandmothers hair she has no frizz her hair is like a white person 's but it 's curly . It made me wonder if i used it right i did like it said in the video the girl in the video had the kind of texture of hair i did but it did n't work on me . : -LRB-
 A friend suggested this product since I have curly hair so I thought why not it may do something different 2 help my curls out . This product in my opinion is WAY OVER PRICES $ 23-25 a bottle !!!! Did not improve my curl texture/hold that my PANTENE CURLY GEL DOES & alot cheaper . The shipper for this product was great though no problems with them . I would buy from them again just not Mixed Chicks .
 Not quite sure what the big hype is for this product . I tried it and it just made my hair crunchy and dry . I actually did n't buy it on Amazon -LRB- purchased @ beauty supply -RRB- so thankfully I was able to return it . Do n't waste your money .
 I 've used nearly an entire 33 oz . bottle of Mixed Chicks Leave-in and I wo n't be buying another . Despite its claims this leave-in imparts virtually no moisture to my hair and does in fact dry `` crunchy . '' To its credit it did help define my curls but did very little for the frizz ; I 've gotten the same results with similar and much cheaper off-brand products . I will finish the bottle -LRB- which comes in a very convenient pump -RRB- and continue to play around with my hair ; perhaps I 'm missing something . I 'm neutral on the scent -LRB- it 's not offensive but not what I would call nice -RRB- and it is n't too sticky or heavy . If you do n't blanch at the price it 's worth a try.I imagine this product would be a godsend to someone whose hair requires less control and moisture than mine . The women behind the product do have beautiful hair and good tutorial videos -LRB- do check those out whether you buy the product or not -RRB- . I have very thick and curly hair that is coarser at the nape and where my hair frames my face for a frame of reference.The search continues ...
 This product did not work on my naturally curly hair . I tried the product about three times using different amounts each time . No amount of this product gave me the naturally curly look without the hard hair crunchy hair feeling that is difficult to comb and immediate product build up . For me this is a good rinse out conditioner and nothing more .
 I am a mixed chick -LRB- everything early American -RRB- and my curls ` can ' be tiny cork screws when I can find the right conditioner combo . I have long , fine but thick , past my shoulder-length hair , with a tendency to frizz if it does n't like the water , air , or conditioner.First impressions
 I have never written an amazon review before but I just had to say something . I was shocked to see such high reviews for this product . It must really depend on your hair type because it did nothing for my 3c/4a natural hair . It made it sticky and crunchy and did not moisturize it . That was the most important part though -- no moisture ! I was sort of impressed by the product when I first got it because I was newly natural and did n't really realize what moisturized hair feels like . It does not feel like this . Maybe if you have naturally oily hair that needs daily washing , this product will work for you . If your hair is naturally dry like mine and requires a lot of moisture , steer clear .
 I was not impressed with this conditioner especially for the price . My hair was very hard when it dried and I could not comb it out . I had to wash my hair again .
 I bought this for me and my daughter , both of us have curly hair . I like it in her hair , but it made mine feel a little greasy and weighed down . But not a bad product , everybody 's hair is different !
 This product was not for me ... it left my hair sticky and crunchy . When I use products , I like my curls to stay soft and it did n't do that for me . Plus it weighed my hair down.I ended up buying a cheaper brand -LRB- garnier leave in conditioner -RRB- for 4 dollars and it worked much better . Also if you want to spend a little more money , I would buy Ojon .
 This product is not for everybody . I am black with biracial parents . I have naturally curly , wavy , and straight patterns of hair on my head , but mostly curly . I shampooed and conditioned my hair . Afterwards , I sectioned my hair and used a substantial amount of the leave-in conditioner . I allowed my hair to air dry . This product made my hair look dry and kinky . It also made my hair feel dry , like it was coated with something or had a residue on it . Maybe , I used too much , I do n't know ? I wish I had not purchased the large bottle . This product has a great smell , but it is not for me ! Nevertheless , I guess I will have to keep spending money , until I find what works for me ! The next product on my list to try is , Designline 's `` Curl Lock '' .
 I bought this leave in conditioner , and it was n't any better than my $ 3.17 conditioner , actual that one works better . you have to use to much product to get a curl
 Did n't work for me . Softness OK , but frizz really still there . For me , Ouidad works much better and even some cheaper products . Wo n't buy again .
 I have loose , frizzy curls that tend to be on the dry side . I asked a fellow curly girl what she uses and she told me about this product . I had seen it advertised in a magazine as well . I was excited about this product , hoping it would moisturize my hair while giving me great frizz free curl . The product did an excellent job at reducing the frizz in my hair . Unfortunately , it also weighed down my curls . I normally go three days in between washes , but by day two , may hair needed to be washed again . I looked at the ingredients and assume that the wax is what weighs the frizz and the curl down . I have tried putting less product in my hair , but to no avail . I still end up with flat , although frizz-free , hair.On another note , I bought this product from the Mixed Chics website . An ad in a magazine said I would get 10 % off when entering a promotional code . There was no place to enter the promotional code , so I put it in the comments section . I never got my 10 % discount .
 When I used this product , I noticed a scent similar to relaxers -LRB- like chemicals -RRB- . My hair type is 4c crown and 4b edges . I did n't see a difference than other leave-in conditioners . When I washed it out 2 days later , my hair had excessive shedding like I had when relaxers were being washed out of my hair . Since going sulfate-free , I observe the amounts of shedding that I have because the difference has been that I shed at least 60 percent less hair . With this wash , I saw more shedding than I have ever seen since going chem/heat/sulfate free . I will be giving this to my friend who recommended this product and not using it again . I gave it 2 stars because the childrens leave-in works well on my daughter 's 3c ,4 a hair .
 I have wavy hair that will hold a curl if I curl it , but it gets very frizzy when it is humid out . I figured I 'd try this since it got a lot of good reviews . I did n't really control the frizz and when I curled my hair it did n't seem to get as curly as without the product - as another reviewer said , it seems to weigh down the curls . I 've tried it multiple times now following the directions and adjusting the amount but it just is n't right for me .
 The size was extremely small . Looked like a small sample . I was extremely unhappy with this purchase.Something this small should be given away at no charge .
 This product did love live up to its description . It was runny and did a very poor job of helping to hold a style . I must admit that the product did get quite warm when it was sent to me and even leaked from the jar . When I told the seller , they just said , &#34; sorry &#34; and did not to replace it.However , it has a very greasy component that just weighs my hair down . I wo n't buy it again .
 This is the third time I have tried to buy this product on Amazon . Each time I found it is no longer in it 's gel form , but is degraded into a greasy , useless product . Do n't waste your time ordering and then returning this product .
 This was overall TOO RUNNY . Even after multiple shakes , it had a blast of clear , runny , liquid and a FEW sparkles . I definitely was n't impressed .
 This cloth is not good for facial exfoliation because it is entirely too rough . It is fine for use on the rest of your body as long as you do n't have sensitive skin .
 bottles were not good , purchased others from other sites , these had been open or got air in them and sent was bad . very dissapointed .
 This cloth is too rough for facial use but is fine for the rest of the body as long as sensitive skin is not an issue . I bought it for facial use but ca n't use it for my face due to the abrasive texture of this product .
 I was disappointed.First it was quite narrow and hard to really scrub the back.Second it was n't as exfoliating as they claim.Quite expensive for a ` wash cloth ' and not much more.I went back to the old Nylon Cloth .
 This bag is a mess when soap is put inside . If you plan on using this for your left over slivers of soap as I did , you can forget it . The weave of this bag sticks to the soap so the bag and your soap slivers are one big congealed mess . I would not recommend this product at all . Also it is VERY small .
 I do not know about the product itself because it was a gift but I was very concerned that the item cost $ 20.00 and the shipping was $ 15.50 . I feel the item could have been shipped in a smaller and more effective method . I will think twice about ordering again due to the feeling I was taken advantage of .
 Although the lipstick came in new packaging , it was rancid . Smelled bad and the seller would n't accept it back . $ 25 down the drain !
 this is just about the worst hair straightening/crimping/waving / etc. product that i have ever bought . do NOT buy this product , it 's just a waste of your time and money !
 This straightner only works if you have thin hair or already straight hair ! I tried it and it took my 2 hours with a blow dryer and brush ! Do n't use it !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I really like Burt 's Bees products . This product would make a better night cream than day cream . It is too heavy and made my face break out -LRB- and I rarely ever breakout , because I have dry skin .
 The cream is way too thick and greasy . I do n't feel comfortable after put it on in the morning ... , because the thickness of the cream , you need to use a bit more than normal cream which makes it even worse ...
 I have one of these , and it is made out of metal . I reside in Maui , so I use it many times a week . I ordered this product , thinking it was made out of metal as it does n't specify in the details . Its cheap plastic , and I know after a couple of times it is going to break . It is very poorly made . It comes unassembled , and the material parts do n't even fit no matter how much you stretch them , it just twists and alters the cheap plastic frame . I thought it was going to break in just tryiing to put it together . What a waste of money . I had to pay for the shipping back and and that cost half of what I paid for this terrible product . Believe me , DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY !!! Cheap imitation to the one that you can find at Walmart in the summer .
 Ignore the poor rating . I really ca n't evaluate the quality of the product because the merchant I purchased it from sent a box that had a 2003 label on it . I doubt that seven year old hair coloring is any good . I used the product before I noted how old it was and it did not color very well -LRB- I wanted something to cover gray -RRB- . I suspect it was the age of the product because it got a very good review in a consumer magazine that reviews products . I did n't check the date on the merchandise until after I used the product and saw how poor it was . Had I noticed the date before using I would have returned the product.This system forces you to assign a rating to a product but the one star probably does not really reflect the product . Gee , it would be nice to have a better rating system . I wo n't purchase from this vendor again .
 The item purchased was delivered in a padded envelope instead of a box with packing material . I guess that is how it got a small chip in the bottom.My main disappontment is the fact that I ordered Eau de Pafume and received the Eau de Toilette . After reading the negative reviews , I decided that I would just keep the purchase and not risk loosing my money -LRB- not all of it that is -RRB- or having the company not receive the return.I would not use this vendor again
 It 's a very grease and thick white cream . I bought this after all the great reviews . I used for my severe dry skin and my dry cracked feet and unfortunately for me it did nothing . I hate to be only negative review about but I did n't feel any better and went back to use Flexitol Heel Balm that to me is a little less grease and keep my feet smooth for a few days .
 so far after a month there has been no change with this product , though i have not experienced the rash that others have talked about , i have not seen the changes that others have talked about .
 I tried this for 4 months with no results so stopped using it for a month . I then got approved for HRT and developed breasts within 3 weeks . So if you are wanting to transition , do it the right way . Most doctors have a payment price , and truth be told , the most expensive thing is electrolysis aside from bottom surgery . What do you expect from a product that classifies `` crossdressing , transgender , and transvestite men '' all the same thing when clearly they are not .
 Took it for a week and a half felt no changes in mood or breast/nipples maybe I have to double up idk but I stopped using this product
 I have been very please always with Amazon , but this time I became very disappointed about my last order . I bought 2 On Ella parfums By Juan del Pozo for Mothers Day . Yesterday may 5th , they arrived with their boxes totally broken and without any congratulations card as required , both together wrapped with papers like bananas and I do not really know what to do.Esther Aymerich
 I ordered this hair dryer in December . It is now August first and I just ordered a new dryer . This dryer worked well and it dried my hair in a reasonable time -LRB- I have thick semi wavy hair -RRB- . But after 9 months it has basically died . It only works when I hold it in certain positions . I am assuming it has to do with the cord but that has been untwisted . I am dissapointed .
 This hair dryer was alright , not really fantastic . It dried my hair , not sure if it added shine or whatever since I 've been switching styling products . After 18 months , it broke . Something went wrong with the wiring . At first I could use it if I held the cord a certain way , but after a few days of this , it went completely kaput . Aside from this , the dryer is VERY heavy and this became even more apparent after I purchased a new , much lighter product . Overall , there are many better hair dryers out there , and in general , I am not so impressed with the whole Ionic/Ceramic technology .
 It smelled like burning plastic , and tasted just like how id imagine bad plastic would taste . I dont recomend this product .
 I 've been using La Mer for 3 years now and always purchased it from Bloomingdales . I saw it on Amazon for a great price and decided to get the bigger jar and purchase it . I received it today and not only did it not come in the original box , the smell of this cream is not LA MER ! All my jars of La Mer smelled exactely the same and this jar smells of heavy perfume . It is fake ! Do not buy from them !
 &#21334; &#20551; &#36135; &#24694; &#26377; &#24694; &#25253; &#12290; IT IS A FAKE LA MER . &#20013; &#22269; &#20154; &#37117; &#19981; &#20250; &#21334; &#36825; &#20040; &#20551; &#30340; &#19996; &#35199; &#12290;
 The product separated , it was old and smelled bad , a very big disappointment . I would never purchase again , how can they charge this much .
 I 've been using the lamer cream for many years , It has been Amazon 's old customers &#65292; But this time I cheated.This time I bought cream texture , The smelling is completely different as before.The font on the bottleis fuzzy and unclearly &#65292; More ridiculous is that even the packaging boxes are not &#65292; I 'm very angry &#65292; I chose Amazon because of trust &#65292; I believe Amazon will be justice for me &#65292; I believe the guys who Sell fake products will be punished !
 It 's FAKE creame , do n't buy it.It is scented differently than authentic La Mer cream and creme is a different consistency too .
 I tried this product because I assumed that for the price tag this product would produce something darn near close to a mircle for my sensitive , acne-prone skin.WRONG ! IT clogged my pores , cause a huge breakout and did absolutely nothing for my skin . My dermatologist laughed when I told her I tried this product . I even tried the `` gel '' version , thinking maybe the cream was a bit too heavy for my skin.But no - save your hard earned cash - the only thing this product has going for it is that it smells sort of nice .
 I was very skeptical about paying so much for a moisturizer but very desperate for a `` good miraculous '' moisturizer , so after reading all the reviews , i went ahead and payed the hefty $ 150 . I am very disappointed to say that its very average , over-rated and very over-priced . Its so greasy , thick and sticky that i can only use it at night . I received a sample of the mositurizing lotion -LRB- same jar but reads `` moisturizing lotion '' instead of the cream -RRB- with my order and that one i do love because its very light and soft but its even pricier than the cream .
 This is not La Mer ! It smells too strong and is actually irritating to my skin . I will file a complaint and ask to be refunded . I have used La Mer for years , and know what the product should feel like . Buyer beware !!
 This product is not authenticated with orginal La Mer , - quality even is not the same - after using skin got some red dot
 I adore La Mer . I do not think anything compares to this product . I thought I was scoring the deal of the month with such a great price ... in actuality I have to question it 's authenticity . It came without original packaging or la mer scoop , instead shoved in a box with a generic after market seal . I immediately contacted the seller and requested a return . I did not open , but was not willing to spend nearly $ 200 to find out if it was a fake . I would suggest buying la mer from them directly or a reputable store .
 I found the cream &#34; heavy &#34; and wondered if I had the correct order as I had previously read good reviews on it .
 Reviews who say that Le Mer is not the same as it was are correct ! I knew Max Huber , the inventor very well . For years , Est&eacute;e Lauder tried to buy Dr Huber 's small company , but he refused , saying
 I shop on Amazon a lot including buying things for my business . I usually purchase this cream from Sacks Fifth Avenue . When i opened this cream , it smelled and looked different from the real one that i still had a lil bit left . I went to Sacks Fifth Avenue La Mer counter , and they confirmed that this creme is not real . I will be asking for a refund , and also i am keeping a lil sample of this cream to send to La Mer company directly so they can deal with these sellers selling fake creams . It makes Amazon and La mer -LRB- Estee Lauder -RRB- company look very bad . Please do not buy this product . Look around and you will see that there are a lot of people complaining that they have received a fake creme . This seller is not the only one that sells fake creams . There are more on Amazon . Beware !
 Less than NO STARS for these people ... But you can not advance this without at least one star ... These people are selling -- who knows what . It is SUPPOSED to be La Mer . But , who knows . You will notice that they show a jar of La Mer on top of the La Mer box . Unfortunately , you do not get the box . What you get is the jar . No La Mer spoon , no box . All other sites plainly reveal whether the La Mer is in a factory sealed box or not ... We rec 'd ours today and are promptly returning it to AMAZON ... Amazon is NOT EBAY . I am so po'ed about this little trickery that I feel like going to Brooklyn to confront them personally ... But , what good would it do ? BEWARE ... The good thing is that AMAZON stands behind their sales -- let them deal with these people .
 This product was a fake I have used it for over 10 years and it is not the formula . DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY
 Fake . Fake . Fake . This item is a fake . do not buy it and then complain about it because its a fake recreation . If you buy it and like it hell keep buying it but know its not the real cream .
 Used same product 20 + yrs ; can not use as irritates , redness , painful ; when applied around eyes-formula changed ? unacceptable !!! Please correct problem .
 The first problem I saw with these is that one of the face strips only covers about a quarter of my forehead . They are one inch by three inches . Absolutely tiny!The girl in the picture must be absolutely miniature.Problem number two - They did n't stick to my face ! It took a good 15 minutes to get close . I followed all of the instructions but they just kept falling off . I was n't talking , eating , or drinking so my face was n't moving.The final problem occurred after I got them to stick for a record two minutes . As soon as they began to dry instead of sucking out the gunk in my pores , they dried and peeled up off my face.The final straw is that I can not return them for a refund.Time to take out the trash !
 I bought these at Kroger and was excited to start getting the blackheads out of my nose . The first one I used , I wiped off my make-up with a neutrogena make-up remover and washed my face then put the nose strip on . 15 minutes later , nothing was on the strip after taking it off . I figured , `` Okay , maybe I did n't get all the make-up off . I 'll do it after a shower then when my face is super fresh . '' So I did just that . And again , the strip came out clean . And all my little black heads are still under my skin mocking me . Do n't waste your money .
 Welp , not great . Did n't really do anything . But I found a natural way to make it , 1 TBSP of gelatin powder , mixed with 1 and 1/2 TBSP of milk , heat in microwave for about 10 seconds , then apply to your face with a brush , let dry 10 minutes , peel off.BAM , there 's your strip , easy to make . can use Guar gum , xanthum gum , or Agar powder for a vegetarian mixture , because gelatin contains pork as you know .
 Maybe it 's just me but these didnt work at all . I did what I was supposed to but there were no results
 what a waste - literally only extracted 1 or two blackheads and I had a bunch that it could have &#34; grabbed &#34; . Never again
 I have big pores and seemingly permanent blackheads on my nose and chin . I had high hopes for this product , looking forward to the satisfaction of ripping out these cursed blemishes , but it had absolutely no effect on them . I followed all the directions , yet the strip was completely clear and my face unchanged . I have -LRB- as of tonight -RRB- used up the entire box , and I will most certainly not be buying again .
 Every time I follow the instructions to a T. I 've experimented with different times and amounts of moisture . Halfway through the pack now and I STILL have n't pulled out more than a few blackheads . What a BS product .
 LOVE the flowery fragrance of Sweet Honesty . Has always been one of my `` go to '' colognes . I also loved this seller 's price therefore , I ordered 2 bottles . I had to contact the company four times . In the end , item received 10 days after it was due to arrive and customer service was a joke . I had a very hard time receiving an informative reply to my e-mails and when I did receive a reply , it was skimpy on the information side and the tone of the e-mail was condescending . While I will continue to wear the lovely fragrance of Sweet Honesy , I WILL NOT DO BUSINESS WITH THIS COMPANY AGAIN ! ''
 I ordered these for making my own cleaning supplies . I 've been using them for months -LRB- almost a year -RRB- and everything seemed fine , but yesterday I opened the 2 bottles that had contained mixtures using vinegar to make refills and to my horror I found that the insides had been corroded and the silver finish around the neck was flaking off!These may be advertised as `` stainless steel '' but I now believe that they are an inferior metal that mimics the appearance of stainless.I have had zero problems with the bottles that did not contain vinegar , so I will continue to use them for things like water , but I 'm disappointed to say the least . I was really excited about the bottles when the arrived - they look really cool and I liked the idea that I was using a recyclable product for my cleaning supplies , guess you know where those bottle are now .
 I ordered this set , believing that what was pictured would be what I received . Not the case . I , also , received three in silver , therefore not being able to distinguish one mixture from another if I were to use these bottles . They are being returned . I suggest that the seller either change the photograph in order to represent the product properly or send the three colors as shown .
 While the bottles seem OK and do spray well , the bottom line is I need 3 spray bottles I can tell apart . It did n't happen . All three are silver . Amazon.com could not confirm if there was a problem when I called them regarding the previous review . They also seemed less than interested in the fact that a third party is posting bad information on the Amazon website . If you want a nice spray bottle -LRB- I have n't had them long enough to know if they will last -RRB- and do n't need to tell them apart , this is your product . But obviously you need to be very careful when ordering from Amazon.com . Evidently they do n't take action if their partners are misleading the consumers .
 I thought these spray bottles would be perfect for what I need . 2 of them are fine . The 3rd one however had a leak on the side of the bottle and bleach leaked out of it . The holes are so tiny I would have never seen them , but I 'm lucky the bleach did n't ruin my counter top and floor where it leaked . Chances are that this is a fluke , but be careful if you order them .
 We received the silver bottle but only one , not the three pack . It works well for my toddler 's hair spray obsession . We fill it with water and she feels like she can put on as much hairspray as she desires .
 This is advertised as a set of 3 bottles . I only received 1 bottle in my shipment . No packing slip or other paperwork . It is unacceptable to not receive what I paid for .
 The body of these are fine , but the cheap plastic spray nozzles were cheap and plastic . Traveled with one and the contents ended up all over my suitcase even though I screwed it on as tight as I could and turned off the spray nozzle .
 Do not buy these . The nozzles are very poor quality and one already stopped working . Now one of the bottles started leaking and I had to throw it away .
 These bottles did n't hold up at all . All three of them broke after the first or second refill . The sprayed action broke within a few weeks , and the stream of spray is weak and does little more than dribble out of the bottle . I would n't buy them if I were you .
 the product shows 3 bottle of purple , black and aluminum ... and there was no choices to make if you want either color or 3 of them , which led you to believe it will be three different colors , and it was not . . Mine came just gray metallic color which I describe it as -LRB- aluminum -RRB- . One of the can bottle came dented ... It is not worth the purchase of these product for $ 11.75 , which I paid including the shipping & handling ... Can purchase a much better quality of 1 or 2 ... It 's so true when people say quality is much better than quantity ... Some f us learn the hard way and hope these review will help other buyer be clear of what they will actually get ... Happy shopping ...
 They do n't screw together correctly . As soon as you pick up the bottle and try to spray it the bottom container falls off the sprayer and 2 out of the 3 sprayers do n't spray . simply horrible ! returning for a refund .
 In addition to being delivered 8 days late , I only received silver bottles . Yes , it does say `` misc '' next to the description but other reviewers experienced the same thing so it 's a very successful job of false advertising that this company is clearly not going to change.They should change the photo but they seem okay with poor reviews/returns .
 Waste of money . Did not do anything for my hair that a $ 1 product from the grocery store could have achieved . Wish I had thought to send it back !
 The bottles I got were larger than the image and had large tacky scissor patterns on them . I guess I would n't care if I were planning on using them at a salon , but that is not the case . I ended up giving them away because I needed clear ones .
 The bottles work fine , but they are certainly not clear and look nothing like the product pictured . The bottles I received are more opaque , taller , have a black top/spray nozzle and have scissors printed all around the bottle . One of the main reasons I chose these spray bottles was that they were described as clear and pictured as such . Not so . Pretty disappointing . The design does not scratch off and takes more than one layer of paint to cover . As I am just using these in my home , it is not critical that the bottles are clear , but if I had purchased them for business , they would have not been usable .
 I loved them at first . I bought them because I 'm deployed and needed bottles to use for the communal showers . After about a month or so of use the spray handle depresses and you ca n't use it . Not sure if it 's the bleach/water used or it 's just a cheap product .
