 I love bare minerals , so I was very excited to buy some online and save some money . I will definitely repurchase this product .
 Before i had found this foundation I always was on the hunt for something light and natural . I do n't like people to &#34; know &#34; i am wearing makeup . This product covers wonderfully and hides imperfections . I might to a re-apply later in the day unless i paired it with the mineral veil which will help it wear longer . Very little is needed for coverage which helps this last longer also . I always feel like i am wearing nothing with this foundation and have had fewer clogged pores since i started to use it . It also does n't cake up in the heat when sweating . I hated when you could see someone makeup and the sweat rivers through it . I used to pay full price at the store . Anything less the $ 20 is a steal in my book .
 I love this make-up . It really evens out my skin , and it lasts such a long time . It also does n't clog up my skin like all the other make-ups I 've tried . Try it , you 'll like it !
 I started using bareMinerals foundation a couple of months ago . One of the reviewers said it helped her rosasia and I thought I would give it a try . You know , what did I have to lose ? I am happy to report that she was right ! Not only does it cover up the redness , but it also is improving my complexion . At the end of the day when I wash my face it looks like I have not worn makeup all day . None of those little red bumps to deal with . My skin looks good ! I really love it . A side benefit is that it is also perfect for travel . It is airline approved . No worries .
 A light feeling make up that leaves your skin beautiful , I stopped using other make ups and only use Bare Minerals now .
 I 've been using the Bare Escentuals line for over 2 years now and love it . After years of getting thick foundation that would settle in lines , make me breakout or melt off by midday , bareMinerals is the one I chose . Covers everything you want to cover and is light as air . You do n't know your wearing makeup ! SPF protection , a wide array of colors all helpful and was the main concern for me , I 'm half Asian half Caucasian , I never could find the right shade until now . If you do n't find the exact shade which is virtually impossible , buy 2 shades and mix until it 's right for you . It make you look naturally flawless not `` made up '' .
 I would use nothing BUT Bare Escentuals as my foundation . It conceals without looking unnatural , no flakiness , no reactions . Wonderful product !
 I did n't realize that this would be much bigger than the amount of powder you get in the initial trial package . I love the product and having a big jar of it is a nice plus .
 I have been super pleased with this product compared to other foundations . I used to be hooked to liquids and it was a vicious cycle of bad skin = more foundation = worse skin . It 's oilfree and delightful . Great coverage with little powder.With this product , I am getting better skin -LRB- it 's not 100 % where I want but it 's much better -RRB- . It 's such a breeze to apply compared to liquids and normal matte powders . I recommend their products highly . My eyes have recently become very sensitive to makeup but I can still use their powder liners and eye shadows.PS
 I have problem skin . Problem skin in that it breaks out at the slightest provocation , dries up and flakes with the tiniest bit of medication , and scars every time . I 'm also very , very pale . I have tried just about everything in my quest for halfway decent skin and no product has compared to bareMinerals foundation . It gives great coverage , and never upsets my skin.I do n't use any other products from the Bare Escentuals line , and apply the product using Sephora brand brushes . -LRB- They do n't make kits in `` fair '' . -RRB- But I 'm having great results without using the entire product line ; so I do n't think it 's necessary to buy a kit or even the Bare Escentuals brushes .
 I have very fair skin and have a hard time finding makeup that does not make me break out . I decided to give Bare Minerals a try , and it was definitely worth it . It looks great on , and I have noticed that since I started using it my skin looks better even when I was n't wearing any makeup . It took a bit of time to get used to , because it feels different than wearing liquid foundation with powder over it , but my skin feels so much better it was worth the adjustment . I would recommend to anyone who would like to wear a light-to-medium coverage makeup .
 I 've used this makeup and always find it leaves my skin looking great , with no `` made up '' look . I 'm middle aged and this makeup gives a smooth finish and is very light on the skin . NO settling into lines or those small wrinkles around the eyes .
 I have had several rounds of basel cell and squamous cell type skin cancers all over , with multiples removed from my face leaving scars . I am very fair skinned . I began using mineral type foundation and LOVE it . At my last 3x month check up with my dermatologist , he commented on the condition and tone of my facial skin and asked what I was doing ? I told him in addition to using SPF50 all over , I had begun using this mineral foundation . My dermatologist replied `` what ever you are doing , keep doing it ! You look wonderful ! '' . This from the man who has left more scars on my body than I can count . Mineral foundation has a built in SPF15 -LRB- zinc -RRB- , beautiful coverage , and nourishment for your skin . Several people in my office have converted to mineral foundation after watching the change in my skin , and seeing for themselves how wonderful it covers scars and imperfections , leaving your skin looking beautiful and smooth and healthy . I ca n't make any medical guarantees . I can only tell you that this is a wonderful product and encourage every one from age 18years to 80years to give it a try for yourself . I think you will fall in love all over again with foundation makeup .
 Every woman I know is hooked on this amazing product . I have now used it for over 3 months and could not see myself using anything else !! It actually covers like advertised , I have dark deep scars from acne and it covers ! People actually say how beautiful my skin is!Sometimes I am too tired at night to wash my face , and have slept in it , and my skin has never looked better.The eye shadows are beautiful and stay all day.I currently live in the desert and I will be going to a hot humid place this summer so we 'll see if it works as well there.I believe that it is worth the investment , stop with your mom 's Marykay , and Costume makeup and try it .
 Wow , I 'm really surprised with the last couple reviews . I have really bad skin ; breakouts , discoloration , sun spots - and Bare Escentuals is excellent with covering up my flaws without it looking `` covered up '' . I also use `` Multi-Tasking Powder '' to spot treat my blemishes and discoloration.The only reason I 'm not giving it 5 stars is because , well - it 's messy . nevitably some of the minerals spill over when I 'm `` tapping '' my brush - but it 's worth the trouble with the lovely results I get .
 I 'm naturally tanned and have never been able to find a foundation that was n't too yellow or red . The med-tan matches perfectly and I love the way if feels!I have to admit at first I was n't all that impressed with it since my skin is oily and I was n't putting it on evenly . Once I got more comfortable working with the brushes I fell in love with the results . I wear this stuff everyday and I ca n't feel it . For oily skin this stuff is great , you can blot your face throughout the day and you wo n't mess up your makeup . Face it oily faced people no matter what you wear your going to be oily ! This product at least lasts all day even while blotting and wo n't cause breakouts.Looks great too !
 This is a great product if you have breakout problems , it does not iratate the skin and covers blemishs great . I also love the glow it gives the skin whenever i wear iteveryone tells me how healthy i look . i have alot of health issues and my skin tends to look tired this product hides it sooo well ! i love the ease of application and selection of colors . i even bought it for my daughter as her first make up because of the natural look it gives . i highly recomend this product im a bare minerals girl for life
 I have seen the infomercials for years and never really considered it . . until now . I am getting tired of my make up routine and decided to try an easier method , so I tried Bare Minerals Foundation Fairly Light . I love makeup and will try anything once . This met my expectations completely ! I am fair skinned with slight sun damage and this made my skin look 100 % better and it felt like nothing at all . I am surprised how a little bit goes a long way and I played around with the amount used just to see how much you really needed for good coverage . . just a little , which saves having to buy more product so frequently like I used to do with my other more expensive name brand liquid makeup . I highly recommend Bare Minerals !
 First off , Thank you to Amazon.com for listening to my pleading emails asking for them to begin carrying this line.Okay , I have been a faithful user of this entire line of make-up for almost two years . I 'm sure you have all seen the infomercial ??? Well , for once , it 's true.Before using this line of make-up , my face would `` tolerate '' a product , then all of a sudden , I would become sensitive to it . Since Day 1 of using all the Bare Minerals products , I have never , not once become sensitive.Okay , now about the product
 I 'm a makeup-holic . I have 10 boxes filled with various different types of makeup . I 've gone crazy looking for the right foundation . I 've bought cheap store brands and very expensive brands found only in the best department stores like Saks 5th Ave and Bloomingdale 's . But my friend , who has terrible skin , kept raving about bareMinerals . She said it covered all her blemishes and they even had a foundation that matched her very fair skin tone . So we went to a local cosmetic store and I bought a starter kit . I was somewhat impressed that the color matched my skin tone -LRB- I 'm fair-medium with a lot of yellow undertones -RRB- but I was n't impressed too much with the coverage because I have somewhat large pores on my nose.I learned after a lot of trial and error . I discovered that I needed to exfoliate weekly and that I needed the right moisturizer since I am somewhat dry in the T-zone . I also needed a good makeup primer . I use neutrogena pore minimizing gel to cover up the large pores and a primer by Sephora for the rest of my face . Then , I bought the right brush . BareMineral 's makes an amazing full coverage brush . It is NOT the Kabuki brush . It 's flat and looks like a liquid foundation brush.After priming my face in the mornings I use the full coverage brush and buff away . Now I am completely satisfied with BareMineral 's foundation and wear it almost daily . I have noticed a decrease in the amount of breakouts I have and when I do have a pimple or two BareMineral 's covers it right up without looking too caked on . I am also impressed with the SPF coverage . I am 26 but look a lot younger than I am . Hopefully the SPF coverage will help keep the lines away a little longer.It look a little while to learn that I just needed to prime my face before applying and to buy the right brush . I have even convinced my 59-year-old mother and 81-year-old grandmother to use this product . It works for them as well . The only downside with BareMinerals is that it is a powder and powders can dry out your skin . I apply a moisturizing at night now to help offset that effect . Other than that I 'm completely happy . I 've been using BareMineral 's for over a year and plan to continue using it . Now when I go out makeup shopping it 's for the perfect moisturizer and lipstick .
 I tried quite a few foundation products before I came across Bare Minerals . I had given up on make-up foundations because no matter what product I used on my face , it would break-out after a day or two . And when you break out , you use more to cover it up , which caused the skin to break-out more.Bare Minerals was so light , yet it covered up all problems -LRB- age spots , red spots , acne , etc -RRB- . And then you get a benefit from the product , it actually reduced the acne , the red spots . In the end , I actually use less of the product than when I first starting using it , because my skin is actually looking better . Who would have thought ? buy it , you 'll like it .
 This company has created the best products!I have terrible skin , and have tried tons of different makeup over the years . I first received these products as a gift and find that I can not use anything else . They have improved the quality of my skin so much that it still surprises me , it feels like I have no makeup on at all and makes me look as if my skin is flawless . It has really helped to boost my self esteem . I highly recommend these products to women who have problem skin and do n't want to look like they are wearing a `` makeup mask '' to cover their flaws .
 I am 43 years old and I used to use a department store brand of makeup -LRB- parodied on Mad TV as Vancome -RRB- for many years before trying Bare Escentuals . I now use nothing but B.E. makeup and I use just about all of its various products . I used to have rosacea prone skin with mild acne & chicken pox -LRB- ! -RRB- scars all over my face . I tried the foundation and the Mineral Veil and lo and behold , my skin cleared up and became lovely ! The only time I break out now is when I do n't wear my makeup.Once I quit trying to over-think the application of the different minerals -LRB- from foundations to eye shadows and liners -RRB- and simply ` Swirled , Tapped and Buffed ' , applying the stuff became second nature.I convinced my 16 year old daughter to try it and she is a sworn devotee as her formerly acne-crazed skin cleared up almost immediately . My youngest sister with the world 's most sensitive skin has also become a sworn convert . We are both huge fans of the Rare Minerals Night Treatment ; to our delight , it actually shrinks large pores , as well as a multitude of other benefits.I live in the desert -LRB- Tucson , AZ -RRB- and makeup that can withstand the elements , sweating , humidity from the approaching monsoons and other horrors thrown at us in the summer is a must ... and Bare Escentuals fits the bill . There is no ` mask sliding down your face ' sensation , and the Mineral Veil is fantastic at absorbing excess oils and touching up during the day.I can not say enough good things about this entire line of cosmetics , including their ` Eye Revver-Upper ' moisturizer because this stuff all lives up to the claims they make . The people at the company will even return your calls if you need any help at all.Amazing Products and Astounding Customer Service . It is the company that all the others are now trying to imitate with their own ` mineral based ' cosmetics!I 'll quit raving now , just try it and you 'll be happy !
 Bare Escentuals i.d. Foundation is everything they say it is . Weightless , pure and soft with completely mistake proof application . I began using B.E. several years ago and I will continue to use B.E. until I can no longer lift my arm to apply it . It covers every imperfection big or small , and leaves your face feeling like you have nothing on . It blends flawlessly and you can have as much coverage as you would like or need by simply buffing more on.I recommend this to every woman in the world . I 've tried the other mineral makeups as they 've come out but not a single one compares to Bare Escentuals bareMinerals.Try it and you will be hooked for life .
 I 'd been meaning to try this product for a few years but raves from a friend finally convinced me and I 'm so glad I did.It took me two tries to figure out how to get the right application and amount and I always put it on after a good foundation of moisturizer -LRB- the same with any foundation I 'd use -RRB- but this product is several things my other foundations have never been .1 . Easy to use2 . Quick to apply3 . Lightweight but with excellent coverage4 . Contains SPF that does not make me break out5 . Does not cause dry skin or flaking of the produce6 . Is long lastingIn short , this stuff is amazing and I 'll never go back to what I used before.I 've got really sensitive skin so I did n't know if this would work but I took a chance and it 's amazingly non irritating . A little goes a long way and it gives my skin a nice glow without looking caked on , powdery or orangey.You might want to see what tone works best for you if you 've got a sephora store near you and it should take a time or two to get the hang of application but I 'm totally sold . -LRB- oh a tip ? I tuck it into a ziplock baggie when I fly with it . It has n't spilled but when it opens after a trip in the belly of a plane it 's a bit messy -RRB-
 I love Bare Escentuals bare minerals products . I treated myself to 4 of the products . I found the accompanying brushes high in quality . I wash my brushes periodically to prevent break outs . The brushes do well . I have had many compliments on my complection . Even though I am older I still get breakouts . The minerals have helped to decrease the flare - ups . **** I can well identify with the comments by some customers about dry skin and looking older . **** I absolutely must use a moisturizer with each application . I wish so much this moisturizing issue would be addressed with TV presentations . Otherwise , without liberal application of a moisturizer , my skin would look extremely dry and chalky no matter how beautiful the glow ! Also lines are quite visible if moisure is insufficient . In spite of all of this , I have found minerals to be a great makeup.It is worth the money and time to continue my use of a moisturizer routine I have used for years . Ann HannaI also wish the lids were plastic for easy washing after use . I use an alcohol wipe to clean the inside of the lids periodically .
 My daughter gave me an extra container of this product about a year ago after I had complained to her that I was so very dissatisfied with every foundation I had tried . I am now hooked . This foundation goes on so easily and leaves my skin -LRB- I 'm 62 years old -RRB- looking great ! It stays on longer than anything else I 've tried , and the brushes that go with the foundation really are the secret of the smooth , flawless look that I love .
 I watched the infomercial , and was honestly very skeptical . How many of us have seen informericals or segments on various shopping at home television networks , to buy products and for them to come out not so great ? I have done this many times . I especially like this product . It is light , covers well , and provides excellent sun protection.I like that you can add a little more or a little less for extra coverage . This powder is so incredibly light , and easy to put on . With the use of a good quality brush you can make sure the foundation blends in perfectly to your natural skin tone . I like this powder does not have extra filler or any other ingredients that may aggrivate your skin . I have very fair skin , that is sensitive , I have never had any issues of this product clogging my pores or causing any adverse skin conditions.I have been using this foundation for about two years now , I love the light easy to put on foundation . It is easy on the skin , and provides SPF protection for you . I also how natural this is , and how well it blends into your own skin tone . If you have even thought for a second to try this product , you definately should give bareMinerals Foundation a try .
 I began using bareMinerals a couple of years ago , because my liquid foundation had been discontinued and I could ` nt find anything which matched my skin color . Finally , I came across bareMinerals and thought I 'd try it until I found a `` real '' foundation . I WILL NEVER USE LIQUID FOUNDATION AGAIN ! The shade -LRB- fairly light -RRB- is a perfect match ; the coverage is perfect ; the feel is perfect-like I 'm not wearing anything ! Also , it 's so easy and quick to use ! It only takes a minute and the brush is so soft -LRB- YOU NEED THE BRUSH IN ORDER FOR IT TO WORK PROPERLY -RRB- . I have oily skin and can get the occasional blemish , but this product is great for the skin -LRB- does n't clog the pores -RRB- . Even when I am hiding something , my complexion looks radiant and flawless . STRANGERS WANT TO KNOW WHAT SKINCARE PRODUCTS I 'M USING , NOT WHAT MAKEUP-IT 'S THAT GOOD ! In summer or when I 'm oilier than usual , I like to use Mineral Veil as well . It 's sheer , it prevents shine and gives you a glow . It 's also minerals with no talc . If you have dry skin and think a mineral powder foundation would n't work-think again . I bought some for my younger sister , who has dry skin and she loves it ! I bought her the skin rever upper , as well -LRB- she does n't use moisturizer -RRB- and that 's enough to make bareMinerals work like a dream . She has a peaches and cream complexion and bareMinerals just accentuates that , instead of covering it like a goopy liquid foundation . She also sleeps in it-you actually can if you 're low maintenance -LRB- like her -RRB- . Also , NO LINES OF DEMARCATION-EVER . It just blends perfectly and you do n't need much at all . It 's a terrific foundation !
 I never in my life thought I would use a powder foundation . However , bare escentuals is so different ! I 've used BE now for about 2 years . It 's coverage is great and luminous . It may be frustrating to find your match in color , but they are somewhat forgiving . The soft focus warmth is wonderful to give your face a little boost of color . I 'm pretty pale with freckles , so I like to have a little color , not blush , just a little color . For those of you with $ issues , like myself , I buy from ebay members with 99 % or higher ratings !
 Overall I love this stuff ! It is lightweight and you do not feel like you are wearing make up . And best of all does not get all over your clothes when you are changing . It is definitely worth a try but there are a couple things you might want to consider ... 1 -RRB- I had a hard time matching the color of the powder with the color of my face . I was too pale for the Medium Tan and too dark for the Light . And unfortunately Bare Escentuals does not sell a Medium Tan/Light starter kit . So I ended up purchasing the Medium Tan/Tan starter kit and the full size light foundation . I mix the two colors in the morning and it has worked out very well .2 -RRB- Despite what the starter video says , the foundation does not work very well as a concealer . When I firsted started using BE , I broke out quite a bit . I am not sure if I was just not use to the make up or perhaps daily stress in my life . I tried to use the foundation as a concealer but the acne showed right through . I ended up getting a drug store concealer with acne medicine and used that before I applied BE . I have used BE for over a month now and have not broken out since .3 -RRB- I bought my mom the starter kit for her birthday . She has larger pores and BE does not work as well on her and almost seems to magnify her pores .4 -RRB- If you are using BE for the first time I would HIGHLY recommend getting the Sephora starter kit . It is probably the best deal out there . Ulta and the Bare Escentual stores both sell a starter kit . In the Ulta kit there are less brushes -LRB- Full Coverage Kabuki Brush and Maximum Coverage Concealer Brush not included -RRB- and Bare Escentuals bareVitamins - Skin Rev-er Upper is not included . You get a little more in the Bare Escentual store starter kit but I really did not feel what they were offering for $ 15 more was really worth it .5 -RRB- The Full Coverage Kabuki Brush and Maximum Coverage Concealer Brush are wonderful ! I love using the kabuki brush and find it works much better than the Flawless Application Face Brush for applying the foundation . The brushes are key to using BE and getting a really polished look .
 I first bought this foundation almost a year ago , and I was very skeptical at first . So many people were raving about it , but how much faith could I put in something sold on infomercials ? Nonetheless , it took a bit of practice , but I got the hang of using it pretty quickly , and now I love it!Like the previous reviewer , I do n't use makeup often - normally it takes too much energy in the morning to bother . But with this line , in about 5 minutes I 'll buff on the Bare Minerals foundation , Warmth bronzer mixed with Clear Radiance shimmer -LRB- they have since released Warm Radiance , which I suppose is meant to supplant blending the two products together -RRB- , and Mineral Veil . Then I can leave the house feeling like I look fresh and not made up , even if I do n't use anything else on my face.Twice recently I have been complimented on my beautiful skin while wearing Bare Minerals ; this is something I do n't hear when my face is naked , since I have mild rosacea . I must confess to covering the red spots with Kevyn Aucoin Sensual Skin Enhancer first , but those are just very small areas , and my Bare Minerals takes care of the rest!Why did n't I give the product 5 stars ? Mostly for the learning curve when I first bought it . Also the price ; for people who wear foundation every day it might get expensive . However , since I use makeup so seldom , I am still using up my first jar 10 months after I bought it .
 This product I highly recommend it to anyone in the make up use industry . It 's easy to apply on the face and it gives you a great tone for your complexion . I also receive it fast so order yours now !!! Get beautify !!! :D Thanks and props to the seller !
 Great coverage , feels very natural . I wish the price would come down a little ...
 If you 're a Bare Escentuals user , then you already know what it can do . I 've been using this line of cosmetics for nearly a year now , and I absolutely LOVE it . It looks very natural and covers my flaws much better than many liquid foundations . I highly recommend this product , and the entire Bare Minerals line .
 My skin is super sensitive , ruddy , dry , and has the beginnings of rosacea . Hence , when some friends recommended I try this makeup , I was curious but skeptical . Would this foundation stand up to my ruddy complexion?It did that and more . Not six months after I switched to bareMinerals foundation , my rosacea was visibly gone . The tense , stressed skin has -LRB- in addition to switching some to some new face products as well -RRB- has calmed significantly , and the makeup is so easy to apply . There 's beautiful , even coverage that stays put and does n't melt in the summertime . Oh , and let 's not forget the addition of SPF in this makeup - key for a lass of Scotch-Irish heritage such as myself . : -RRB-
 I love this product and will continue to purchase ! This product is much easier to apply than the messy goop of the past .
 This is the best makeup I 've ever had . The look is so natural I always get compliments on it . It feels and looks light not heavy and overdone .
 This Foundation is the best I have ever used . I have been a loyal user for about 2 years now . The first thing I love is that you get full coverage that looks like sheer coverage . I have no idea how it works so well , but I use very little and after I buff my face it just glows . I spend a great deal of time in the sun so I have freckles and spots and this product totally covers them all . On my under eye area I sometimes use the multi-tasking minerals but most of the time just the foundation is enough to cover it all . Do n't forget to finish with the mineral veil and you will look great . Oh , and an added bonus - I am in my 30s and I still have trouble with breaking out -LRB- which is so unfair when you are also dealing with fine lines ! -RRB- . Once I started using the product almost all of my break-outs disappeared . I was using very expensive liquid foundation before , too so I had no idea that something as simple as a foundation would clear my skin as well .
 I have been using BE products for years ! I hated the mask feel of every makeup out there , so I took a chance on their product line . What a surprise ! You get full coverage , and your skin breathes . Most recently , I decided to try out the mineral makeup by L'Oreal , Neutrogena , and Physicians Formula . None compared to BE . L'Oreal made my skin break out . Neutrogena did n't give full coverage . And the problems go on . So , I 'm back on BE and I will never stray again . I tell all of my friends and family about this makeup !
 I absolutely love Bare Minerals make-up ! I love the fact that you do n't have to wash it off -LRB- even though I do because I like a clean face to go to bed in at night -RRB- but knowing that it wo n't damage my skin or plug my pores if I do n't . And I love the fact that you are n't putting harsh chemicals on your skin . With our skin being an organ of our body , I feel it 's important to take good care of it and I definitely feel great and confident about using their products !
 OK , I am 56 and not a make-up wearer . My daughter started wearing Bare Minerals so she put her make up on my wrist . I liked the feel and blending of Bare Minerals . The next week I bought the starter kit . I have fair skin and it is in good shape except I have had cancar on my nose which was removed . As I have gotton older it shows more . I put on the Bare Minerals along with the bisque concealer and it looks great . I have had no breakouts and sooo many compliments on my skin . I am looking forward to putting a kit together for my eyes and lips . I love the product . The containers are a bit messy however well worth it , for me .
 This product is excellent . It takes less than two minutes to apply and makes my skin look and feel great . Plus it stays on all day !!
 When I bought bare minerals from Ulta , I bought the Matte version . This was the original version and I have to say I like it better than the Matte !
 Bare Minerals is the ONLY makeup I use . It does n't only look natural yet covers almost everything but its actually good for your skin as well . LOVE IT !
 I have used a lot of makeup in my years ... I 'm 44 and I 've been using makeup since I was 16 . This has been the BEST makeup by far I have ever used . First of all , it does not take a lot of this foundation to really work . I love that ! I hate looking ` pasted ' or ` colored ' . I try to get a little sun every year , but do not sun worship anymore , and I use the light foundation , which is a perfect blend for me . You can wear this makeup in the heat -LRB- it wo n't run off -RRB- , overnight -LRB- to lazy to take off makeup and you wo n't break out over it -RRB- , it really is an amazing product . I have went back and forth with this , using it for awhile and purchase the ` name brands ' in the store , even the `` organic and natural '' products out there . I keep coming back to Bare Minerals . For the money , it really IS worth the cost and so much better for you to use than any other brand . I will be a lifetime user of Bare Minerals !
 I love bare minerals but hate the retail price . this is the perfect solution . i received this within a few days and it is exactly what i ordered !
 I 've have been using BE for about 5 years and I really love -LRB- d -RRB- it . The color -LRB- fairly light -RRB- is great and the product works with my Combo skin that can be sensitive at times , and this product did n't seem to irritate or break my skin out . Recently , about six months ago , I noticed little red , flat , for lack of a better word , blemishes on my cheeks that do n't really seem to go away . I do not have acne prone skin , save for hormonal issues , and my skincare routine/product use has n't changed . I have read in other reviews that people have had a reaction to this product down the road , I do note that when I do not wear make-up my cheeks look a bit better . I really love this product and would hate to discontinue using it , as finding a good foundation is nearly impossible . Does anyone know if the Matte version of this foundation causes similar problems ? 3.75 out of 5 , due to my new skin issue
 At first I thought this make-up accentuated the fine lines in my over 50 face . But then I used a primer -LRB- not theirs -RRB- , which is essential for any foundation , and it looked really good . iI gave it 4 stars because airbrushed makeup , which does take longer , looks a tad better .
 This is the only mineral product I have tried but am very pleased with how little is needed . I apply jojoba oil and let it absorb before adding the foundation . I have purchased 3 colors , fairly light which I mix with fairly medium which I also mix with medium . I do n't use any of the colors straight . You can definitely be too heavy handed . A little goes a long way . Nice product . Nice value .
 This is a product I use everyday , I would highly recommend it to anyone . Not only was valuedirect the cheapest around , but they shipped it to me unbelievably fast !! It came in two days after I ordered it ! I will definitely be ordering again . Thank you !!
 This is the best make-up you 'll ever use . Light and natural , it wo n't clog your pores and is even fine to leave on overnight . The Amazon price is the lowest price you 'll find .
 I am a bargain hunter , but Bare Essentuals products are HARD to find deals on ! However , I love this product so much that I am willing to pay for it .
 Background info
 What is there not to LOVE about this powder ??? Five big stars ! Excellent quality and it does n't break my skin out at all . I would highly recommend it . Will continue to buy .
 Bare Escentuals Original SPF 15 Foundation Medium C25 -- 8 gI have ordered this product 3 times and love it ! If you like mineral products , this is by far the best line out there . You can not beat the original .
 I have very oily skin and have always had trouble keeping foundation in place . Not so with this product . It has real staying power . With oily skin comes large pores . With bareMinerals , the look of large pores is minimized . At the urging of my dermatologist , I tried Jane Iredale powder foundation . -LRB- She just happens to sell it . -RRB- I found all things equal except the bareMinerals offered the added benefit of a more luminous look and the price is much more reasonable .
 The foundation , blush and mineral veil from Bare Escentuals have changed the way I feel about make-up . I absolutely adore these products and would never go back to over-the-counter drugstore brands . It always looks so natural and feels wonderful . As it wears throughout the day , it really stays true and looks natural . I never have to worry about it settling into creases or getting clumpy-looking . I often carry the mineral veil with me when i go out , but I very rarely have to re-apply the powder , even though I live in southern Louisiana where it is super humid!One suggestion I would make for this product - especially if you have dry skin - is to apply your moisturizer , let it rest for a few minutes on your skin , then use a make-up sponge or your fingers to apply the foundation powder to your face . The Bare Escentuals video recommends using the applicator brush for this purpose , but , since I use a heavier moisturizer than most , the make-up can become unevenly distributed if I use the brush for the foundation step . Once the foundation is on , then I use a brush for the blush and mineral veil steps with no problem at all .
 I bought this for my daughter . She requested it as a gift because she uses it ... she now wants me to buy her more ! It must be good . It 's lasted her more than a year .
 I have been watching these TV commercials since they began and always wanted to try the products . I saw them at Amazon and decided to give them a try . What a wonderful set of cosmetics for several reasons . First , they are easy and quickly applied , taking less than five minutes . Secondly , they give you a natural , sheer appearance-not a liquid foundation look . Lastly , they make you look amazing and refreshed ! People keep telling me that I look great . Well worth the price ! I 'm extremely pleased with this product line .
 This is the best foundation I have ever tried . It covers your face fantastically without that oily liquid foundation feal . I will NEVER use liquid foundation ever again . This product will not clog your pores and it 's ok if you forget to wash your face before bedtime . You will not break out with zits !
 I really like the product 's LACK of scent . It 's also very easy to blend -- no lines , no streaks unless you are really clumsy . It is easy to apply once you get used to it , and it did not irritate my allergies . I 'd go to a Sephora counter just to test-drive it , since some people seem to have had extreme reactions to the bismuth , but this is a godsend for those of us whose allergies are more to petrochemicals . It evens out my patchy skin nicely . it gives you a little perk of color -- i looked a little tanned but still like myself.It 's not a complete coverage makeup , but somehow even the imperfections do n't seem so bad . I was hoping that no one would be able to see my facial scarring , but it 's still visible -LRB- though not very noticeably -RRB- . maybe the problem is just my hope to erase all the damage .
 The product was exactly what I ordered . . No problem with packaging or product . . Will buy this product again
 Have seen this product advertised for a while and when I saw it on Amazon at such an affordable price , I had to have it . Will not use anything but this . It is definitely a good purchase . Shipped on time . Good customer service .
 I 've tried most of the other powder makeups but finally realized that Bare Minerals is the best and I 'm wasting my $ $ on the others .
 This works and I 'm wholly unqualified to talk about makeup but it seems to be fine .
 If I 'm not allergic to something I put on my skin I generally at least have a sensitivity to the product . I was sure Bare Minerals would be the same when I received a starter kit for Christmas . I could n't have been any more wrong . It covers everything and you feel nothing . It 's amazing . I had a cycle of putting on foundations , they would break out my skin and I would then put another product on top the breakout to try and cover it up which would cause another breakout . Those days are over ! My skin looks better and better every day I use Bare Minerals .
 Note that the item is bigger than typical bare minerals size . But i love the sifter since I travel a lot and it 's nice to control the powder .
 After using BareMinerals along side other face powders , I was very pleased with the product . It has a pearly quality that makes skin luminous , the same way highlights do for hair , and it feels light and does n't cause acne.It is however , a bit more than I usually spend on cosmetics . After running out of the basic foundation , I decided to buy a drug store knock-off -LRB- Neturogena , I think -RRB- to see if it would produce the same results at a reduced cost -LRB- $ 10 -RRB- . It did n't
 I love this product . I am 35 with dry skin . I have started having more redness and an uneven skin tone in the past five years . I have never worn foundation regularly in my life . Every time I try a foundation , I hate it . Foundations tend to settle into the small lines around my eyes and forehead making me look older . Two days ago I decided to stop in Bare Escentuals and try their makeup . I was pleasantly surprised to find that Bare Minerals made my complexion more even and did n't settle into the lines on my face . My skin looks like it did when I was in my early 20 's . It does n't fade either and I can hardly tell it is there . I 've also noticed that it has covered up small pimples to make them less noticable without looking like they are `` covered up . `` If you do try this product it is important to follow the steps and make sure your skin is clean and moisturized . As with any product you may have an allergic reaction to something in it . I do have sensitive skin but nothing in this product seems to be irritating my skin . Try before you buy !
 I suffer from cyst all over my body an so that means i get cyst on my face as well . It sucks but anyway proactive , actutane , dicloxine all those dont work for me . So i sough out to at least cover them up . I tried Fx cover up first which is a HEAVY DUTY COVER UP.and sure it worked , matched my skin but goodness when u looked at me it looked like i had more that what i did on . So after returning that i went to bare essentuls . Yes u must clense your face , and yes you MUST moitureize !!! But let me tell you , i use the conceler from BM and it works great !! I use it on cyst and peeling areas anddd red areas . After that i cover it with foundation , a lil bronzer and the veil . It looks great ! I mean super great . Okay fine it looks great but i decided to test that theory out that its so pure you can sleep in it . I figured since i already have problem skin i had nothing to lose . I slept in it . Yes i did . And i tell you what . . I woke up and i noticed that my areas of redness wernt red and on fire . My cyst were small and no longer in flamed . After two weeks of using it Every day . . even if i put it on before i went to sleep . . i have no had a new break out . So ME personally im sticking with BM , it not only covers up what i need it too but also helps heal . I went from proactive to their cleanser because it made such a big difference to me . No gimmick here for me . Cover fx was 42 dollars just for the foundation . I got the kit with brushes foundation , bronzer and veil , and primer for 62bucks in store . im a customer for life .
 I 've always had terrible skin / oily ... this product made a HUGE difference . I can even sleep in this and be just fine . I 've been using this for about 2 years and love it .
 I love Bare Minerals makeup . It goes on so smooth you can hardly tell your wearing makeup . Its light and great in the warmer weather . My old makeup form years ago would make me sweat and my makeup run . This is really good makeup and does not do that . The only thing I dont like is the lock lid . It makes the last bit of makeup not come out of the container . I like the older lids Bare Minerals used to have .
 I 've been using bare minerals for over 5 years . In the beginning , it did make my skin a little irritated but that 's because I have really sensitive skin . It took me a couple of days to get used to it and I do n't use the primer . I think it works great and I also like the new cream concealer . It is awesome paired with the powder foundation .
 I 've been using this foundation for almost ten years . It still works just as well for me . It is n't heavy , I ca n't feel it on me , but it still makes my skin looks smooth and perfect . That being said , I 've never had any big skin problems , so I do n't need a lot of coverage , just a foundation that will smooth and even where needed.I do hate the newer containers , though . You ca n't remove the sifter part when it starts getting low , which makes it hard to get the makeup out . I 've taken to jamming a screwdriver into the holes to break up when I 'm getting low -- there 's always some left down there.Overall , though , I love BareMinerals . I wo n't use any other foundation .
 I love this product ! It 's always a go to foundation.I recommend this product for anyone that needs minimum coverage .
 I have used this and so has my Mom for quite sometime now - We both enjoy it and found it here cheaper than ANY WHERE else - Which we both LOVE that fact since it leaves us more to buy other things with !!
 I love this product because I can match my skin tone and get the coverage I look for from my makeup . I 've been a bareMinerals customer for many years and I do not see myself changing any time soon !
 I 've been using this makeup for about two years now . This is the best foundation I 've ever used . It gives great full coverage without looking like I 'm wearing makeup . I started out with the starter kit from Sephora and really appreciated the tutorial DVD that came with it .
 I was expecting the price to mean there was something wrong with it but its flawless !! Perfectly bareminerals and was exactly as described !
 I really like the change from liquid to powder foundation , looks more natural and light.I will buy this product again . Coverage is natural and good for &#34; older skin &#34;
 I have been using Bare Escentuals for many years . This was bargain . Though I wish it came in a larger size , like I purchase at their actual store . The small containers are hard to get the brush into . I will keep checking on line for the larger size , at a good price .
 This is the only foundation I have found that goes on easily , stays on all day , and does n't have a `` madeup '' look .
 I was very skeptical after seeing the infomercials , and I had been foolish enough to try competitor Sheer Cover and gotten burned . Sheer Cover was terrible and really difficult to apply . I have mild to severe acne that has left many spots of hyperpigmentation , as well as the pimples themselves . So , when I was at a mall and came across and actual Bare Escentuals store , I decided , what the heck , I 'd give it a try to really see if the infomercial could be believed.Holy cow ! I have never encountered a single product that covered all my flaws so well ! I did n't even need to use the concealer ! The `` artist '' in the store showed me how to apply it , then made me do it myself , so I could see just how easy it was . Just the flawless face brush and concealer brush were all I needed . The mineral veil is a godsend . It eliminated the look of my shiny , blackhead-covered nose ! It 's the best I 've ever looked in my life!I was on a cloud walking around the rest of the day . Everyone was giving me compliments , it was AMAZING how much of a difference it made in not only my appearance , but in my confidence.Now I have sensitive skin too , so I do n't know what all the negative reviews are talking about when they say it irritates your skin ... All I know is that the next day , when I put on my regular ol' makeup , I knew there was no contest and I ordered my bare Minerals that day . There was no going back after that ! I 'll never use anything else!I will say , go to a BE store , or Sephora or another store that sells it so you can try it yourself first . That 's the only way to find the perfect shade for you .
 I have been using this product exclusively since 2003 . It goes on very light yet provides good coverage . I have very oily skin and I have not had to reapply , even after a workout . Prior to using mineral foundation , I used Estee Lauder 's `` Camouflage '' foundation and Bare Escentuals coverage is just as good . Liquid foundation tends to settle in around the wrinkles , hence making us appear older.To the women who used Bare Escentuals and claimed it made them look older - they probably have very dry skin or used a shade that was too light , or applied too much . I have recommended this product to all of my friends and they love it , too . I am completely sold on the mineral foundation ! I would never use the liquid type again .
 I was having trouble finding this item in a store , and was relieved to discover it on line . It arrived in good condition , and within a reasonable time after I placed my order .
 Bare Minerals foundation is a perfect product . First of all , it goes on beautifully . Secondly , if you travel this is a perfect product . It zips through the airport security with no problems at all . But mostly - and this is why I love it - it looks beautiful and if you are like me and have any type of imperfection you will love it . It covers all . I can not say enough about this product . I am thrilled to have found it . I hate liquid makeup and it makes my skin looks shiny and feel greasy . This product does none of those things and makes my skin looks beautiful . It wears all day with no touchup . Perfect product .
 I have been wearing this make-up line since Nov. 07 and wo n't switch to anything else . At one point I waited too long to purchase another foundation and in desperation I ran out to the local drug store and purchased `` mineral '' make-up . The quality of the store bought make-up can not compare to Bare Minerals , HANDS DOWN ! The other cheaper stuff smelled heavily of talcum powder , and by far did not provide the coverage I was used to with Bare Minerals.I used to be self conscious about my makeup all day , checking on it several times a day and worried that it had smeared off on my shirt . This make-up is worry free . I put it on in the morning , and do n't worry about it all day . Plus , I have never had trouble with it rubbing off on to something else or feeling heavy . I highly reccommend this makeup . I have oily skin , and it works great.One key to remember is to apply moisturizer prior to the make-up , and you 're all set ~ !
 I have been using this product for a few years now , it 's definately expensive but seems to be worth it . I have a problem with adult acne and have noticed a dramatic decrease in my breakouts . When I run out I use liquid as my backup and really miss my BE Mineral Makeup , my skin `` feels '' like I have foundation on , when I use the mineral makeup I ca n't really feel it .
 This product made my 40 something skin radiate . The powder is so fine that it did not sink into the fine lines I have around my eyes , after I put on under eye cover make up . It took the shine away and seemed to even out the tone of my skin .
 I am really impressed with Bare Mineral foundation . I never used foundations before b/c I did n't like look or feel of foundations . I am 35 y.o. Asian woman and started to notice few sun spots and sun damage to my skin so I wanted something that would last all day since putting on moisturizer in the morning does n't work all day . I was about to order Bare minerals makeup through their BM website but did not like automatic enrollment where they send you makeup every two months and charge you automatice billing . So I checked out Amazon and thankfully they had it . BTW , I really like Amazon store they have awesome prices and so convient . Also , buying thru amazon , the same product was slightly cheaper.I watched the DVD and I put the foundation on using their brush , I used `` warmth '' color on my cheeks , and used the Veil for shine control . I used Tan color because of my asin skin color and plus I have summer tan . I am Very Very pleased with my look . First it looks natural , it really brings out the warmth tone of my skin , and excellent shine control . 2nd , it does not feel like I have makeup on at all . It really enhanced my complexion , color , and great skin . I went for a walk outside in the afternoon during summer , foundation was still on very well and provided excellent sun coverage . My frekles did not pop out . Also , foundation did not fall on the lines of face , I felt I looked younger and radiant . It allowed my eye makeup and eye brow makeup to go on easier and smoother.I would recommend putting on moisturizer prior to foundation . But wait few minutes before putting on foundation after moisurizing . I use Olay complete moisturizer for sensitive skin with SPF15.Now I will be using BM foundation daily . It is fun to put it on !
 I can not stand the feel of liquid makeup but tolerated it for years . I never found any that had the right color and/or coverage , lasting wear , etc. . Finally , after watching BE on QVC for years decided to give it a try . It is the BEST ever ! I could n't believe it ! Where I want a bit more coverage , such as my dark circles or larger pores around my nose area , I apply some foundation with my finger then I use the swirl , tap , and buff method over that and finish with the Mineral Veil powder . It lasts beyond an entire work day for me ! If you do perspire it will become whitish where it gets wet but just dab with a cloth or paper towel and it immediately goes back to perfect ! No streaks etc. as long as you pat over it . In the fall and winter I really do n't have to worry about that . Anyway if you 've been on the fence just give it a try . I know no one product works for every person but for me this has been the answer ! The prices on QVC are terrific and you can get auto delivery as well . They also have special kits that are not available anywhere else as well as easy pay on many of them . I do n't work for QVC , just a very satisfied customer !
 This was a fresh in date high quality product exactly as it was listed to be . Super fast shipping . Thanks .
 I have beeb using Bare Escentual make-up for many years and I will never use any other brand !!! I do not like to look `` made-up `` and I love how natural the results are plus the ease of operation . I want to try the new brush with the foundation included in it . . I love these products and I have convinced many menbers of my family to use them too . .
 I ordered this product and I 'm not going to lie ... I was pretty skeptical . I have dry , sensitive skin with some discoloration from old acne scars and have used the same foundation for 10 years now . I felt like I needed a change as the foundation I was using just was n't doing it anymore . However , my skin breaks out with pretty much anything but I thought I 'd still give it a shot . I was n't sure what shade I would be so I went into a local store that sells it and tried on certain shades . Once I found my shade I ordered it online since you get a little more bang for your buck.Once I received it I watched the video . Seemed simple enough . I tried it on my own and at first I could n't really tell a difference until my boyfriend came home and asked what I had done differently . He said my face looked beautiful . Hmmm ... Maybe it works after all I thought . So I wore it to work the next day and got so many compliments on my skin . Many people stated that I had a certain new healthy glow to me . Fantastic !! I 've been using it for a couple weeks now and can honestly say I will never go back to any other foundation . No breakouts or rashes for me!The trick is to make sure to moisturize your face beforehand so the minerals have something to cling to -LRB- just be sure your moisturizer is fully absorbed before you apply BM-like 5 minutes . -RRB- As for people saying it 's too messy I think they are using far too much to start with , but just in case you are a messy person -LRB- which I thought I may be -RRB- just put the makeup on over the box they ship the product in . It will keep your counters clean anyway . Like I said though , I have had little to no mess with it.Overall , I was very impressed and very happy with this product . They got a user for life out of me !!
 I have worn Bare Escentuals mineral SPF 15 foundation for the last four years and my skin looks and feels fantastic . Prior to wearing this foundation , I did not want to be seen in public . My face has age spots , patches of redness and acne scars . This foundation is light as a feather but it is big on coverage . Now all I see when I look at myself in the mirror is flawless skin . The foundation is long wearing , no need to touch up throughout the day and it has a sun protective factor of 15 . This makeup is by for the finest makeup you can buy .
 I ordered it less than two days ago and it showed up this afternoon . Fast shipping , quick response from dealer when I had a question . Overall great experience ! Thanks !
 I was introduced by a girlfriend who said that Bare Minerals would easily hide a multitude of sins . I love the method of application and natural look . However , does anyone else have issues with the dust that is left on your bathroom counter top ??? Not so happy about the clean up after application !
 I recently bought a new container of Bare Escentuals and I realized just how much I love this foundation . I have been using it for about six years now and just love it.I have sensitive skin and absolutely can not wear liquid or cake foundation . SOme other products actually hurt my skin . I have never experienced any discomfort with BE -- ever . It goes on light and stays on.The other issue I always had with foundation is that if I was in a hurry and did n't put it on correctly , everyone could see visible lines on my face . Again , I have never had this issue with BE . It goes on easy and feels like it is n't there.Finally , the other thing I appreciate is that , when I used to wear cream foundation , when I would sweat , it would get on the collar of my blouses . BE is so light , that this never happens .
 I would never go back to liquid makeup ! This make up is great . It has great coverage and keeps my face from breaking out as much . One application of liquid makeup and I am fighing blemishes for weeks , but with BE I do n't have to worry about it . I highly recommend it !
 The product was in perfect condition . The only problem I had was that I paid for expedited shipping and it ended up taking almost 2 weeks when it should have taken just 3-5 days . Other than that , I have no complaints
 I 've been using Bare Escentuals products for over 8 years and would never consider using anything else . I 'll be 50 soon and most people think I am in my late 30 's because of my skin . All their products rock !
 it took me a week to get use to the powder -LRB- i ' v always used liquid -RRB- but when i did it 's faster and easier than liquid . i have relativly good skin so i get great coverage . but it would supprise me if this stuff could cover acne ... deffinatly worth a try !
 this product is so awesome other companies have been trying to copy them . BE has great stuff
 This is the only makeup I will put ion my face . I switched over three years ago I I ca n't even believe what I used to put on my face prior . One jar lasts well over 7 months and the coverage is unlike anything else . this brand was the first of it 's kind on the market and you can never go wrong with an original ! Try it !
 I have been using this make up for 3 years now and I can honestly say I will NEVER use any other foundation again . I watched the infomercials over and over and over while thinking to myself `` yeah right , thats too good to be true . '' I also laughed when they got all emotional and talked about how it changed their lifes . Boy was I in for a surprise.I have very very very light skin and I have tried all different foundations , nothing matched . Every other brand had light light ones but they all had pink undertones which I do not since I am so freaking white , haha . You could always see that line on my face at my jaw and I hated it.I then finally gave in and tried Bare Minerals @ Sephora . They gave me the whole make over and I WAS HOOKED ! At the time they only offered the Fairly Light and Light in a kit , they did not offer the Fair . So I ended up buying everything seperatly which was fine . I soon found for me the mineral vail wasnt necessary and I bought brushes I liked better and were also cheaper by Sephora -LRB- the ones in the kit suck and shed alot , read the brush reviews -RRB- . I was absolutely hooked !!! It does make your pores smaller and your face clearer . I no longer have a super shiny oily face , it really does improve your complexion . You cant even tell I have make up on , I get a lot of compliments that my face looks good , espcially when I first switched . I am no longer as self conscience in the sun because I know that my face looks good.Anyways if you 're considering this definitely give it a try . If you 're still not convinced by all the reviews go try it yourself , Sephora or Ulta and a lot of smaller facial boutiques offer free make overs with no obligations to buy . I promise you will not be disappointed , it really will change your life !
 I love Bare Minerals I have used a lot of different products but I love the look that I can achieve with Bare Minerals ! I also love the price on Amazon , they are much better even with shipping that it is in most salons where I have been able to find Bare Minerals .
 This is the BEST makeup I have ever owned . I was skeptical like everyone else but it really is amazing . I have been using it every single day for 5 years and I still get compliments . I have very fair , red , acne prone skin and BM takes care of that for me all the time . My acne got better and my skin glows now.I do n't use the mineral veil , just the foundation and bronzer on the cheeks and nose . I hate buying things off TV because I always get dissapointed . This was the first and only time I have been happy -LRB- although I did buy it in a cosmetic store -RRB- . The only little problem I have is that it does make my face a little shiny ... just get some cheap pressed powder . I will never use another make-up again .
 I 've used this product for years and love it ! This is the first time I purchased it via Amazon and that worked great as well !
 I 've used this product for a while now . Tried others but they are n't the same for some reason . This goes on so light , you do n't even know you have makeup on !
 Wow , where to start ? So I finally gave in and bought a Bare Minerals starter kit because I was fed up with my normal make-up and the breakouts I was getting . I used to see the infomercials all the time and thought they were annoying , so I avoided BM at all costs , but now I am really regretting it . This stuff is awesome , I just wish I had tried it sooner . It makes your skin look so flawless , and I 've noticed mine clearing up since I started using BM . It also surprisingly stays on for a long time , despite the fact that it is a powder . I swam laps for an hour yesterday with BM on my face , and when I got out it looked just as flawless as when I first put it on . Truly amazing . Beware
 I have been using bareMinerals for the last 5 years . It has great coverage for not having to deal with liquid foundation . Easy to apply and stays on relatively well . However if you have large pores , you might consider using a primer first then apply bareMinerals as the powder can sometimes enhance our pores and we do n't want that . Also use a good moisturizer . Moisturized skin gives a smoother appearance when powder is applied since the powder can sometimes enhance dry patches . Overall a great product .
 I really like this product . I have been using Bare Minerals for a while and I love it . This is also at a very good price . A caution for other buyers is that you receive an 8 g container , not a 9 g as advertised . I emailed this company and they reimbursed me $ 3.00 for the difference in the ounce , so there was also very good service from this seller .
 The product itself was fine but the original order was lost in the mail and when it finally came two weeks late , it was not the shade I ordered .
 Been using this productfor many years now . I 'm glad to have found it in a larger size and great price ! It was a nice surprise when I opened it to see there was a shield dial so the mineral foundation is protected from spills .
 So , I grew up when the `` natural '' look was in and no one wore any make-up at all . It 's been a struggle getting older and trying various make-up products to try to cover age spots and even out my complexion . Let 's face it , the natural look does n't work when you 're in your fifties . I have , as you would expect , mostly dry skin with a somewhat oily nose . For a couple of years , I used Lauren Hutton 's Good Stuff and liked it pretty well . However , I found that it was pretty time consuming to apply and rubbed off on the collar of my clothes . On a whim , I bought the Get Started kit and have been using it ever since . I really love the ease of use for this product . Even when I 'm rushing out of the house , it 's so simple to just swipe the brushes over your face to cover any uneven spots , dust on a little Warmth and Blush and you 're out the door ! Despite other peoples experience with Bare Minerals and oily skin , I 've found that over time the pores on my nose have gotten smaller using Bare Minerals ! Also , on evenings when I 'm going out and may want a little more coverage , I 'll use more foundation by swirling , tapping and applying about 2 or three times . However , before I put on mascara and eye make-up , etc. . I 'll spray a super-fine water mist over my whole face and let it dry without touching it . This step seems to `` set '' the foundation and keeps my make-up from looking heavy or cakey . For me it 's worth the extra effort . I 'm 57 yrs . old and was worried that any powdered make-up would make my skin look even more dried out and lined but I get compliments all of the time and people who are surprised when I tell them my age !?
 Like any product , they do state exactly what `` minerals '' are in it . You have to look on the bottom , but it has a list of everything going into it . I 've got Bare Escentuals bareMinerals Gold Infused Blush Riches -LRB- Unboxed -RRB- , for instance , and sure enough , on the ingredients list is actual gold . I always check the list before I buy . I 'm a teenager with Acne-prone skin , and this product has been great for me for clearing up dark spots from acne scarring.One thing , however , I did n't like was , since the product is powder , it can spill very easily . Do n't buy bare minerals if you 're the kinda girl who puts on makeup while driving-not that you should be .
 I absolutely hate makeup . No matter how lightweight it was , I still broke out . Luckily up until 3 years ago I never needed it . I now have some redness so I really wanted to find a product to conceal . I found it in this one . I can wear this all day long and feel like I am wearing nothing . My husband does n't even realize I am wearing makeup as it just makes my skin look clear and healthy . I feel like my old self again!Another plus is that with a 3 year old and a newborn I am able to take the 1 minute required to apply this makeup every morning . It is most definately worth it !
 I am partial to the Bare Escentuals bareMinerals line . This was the first bareMineral line I used and they only one I came back to after trying others brands . This product has a spf 15 and everyone needs this kind of protection . The formula is light and never cakey . It has been my experience that the chance of a break out using this foundation is minimal . It does n't settle into every wrinkle on the face . It blends very well on the skin and the shades are easily matched to one 's skin tone . I have used this whenever I need just a very light makeup coverage . This foundation glides onto the skin and looks very natural . But if you are looking for a heavier powder foundation that gives more coverage , then this probably is n't for you . I use another brand when I need more coverage . All in all , this is my go to coverage for those days when I only want a little color .
 I tried other drugstore mineral foundations - neutrogena and l'oreal - and thought that if they were pretty good , then this would be even better - but I was a little disappointed that the shade I purchased was not as medium as I thought it would be . I understand that I would probably achieve better results with the kit so that I could mix the colors in the hopes of getting closer to my skin tone . I would recommend going to sephora and trying out the colors if you 're having a difficult time deciding on a shade .
 I have tried many different foundations over the years and was never satisified until I found Bare Minerals . It is fabulous !! The coverage is easy to control - light and weightless , yet you can use the concealer brush and truly cover any blemishes . Very natural looking . Bare Minerals is so quick to apply - it really is just tap , swirl , and buff!In the summer , I have problems with hyper-pigmentation . I have tried many different face-specific sunblocks . They either sweat off my face , or cause break-outs -LRB- even those who claim to be non-comodegenic -RRB- . Bare Minerals has SPF15 and does not run off my face in hot weather ! I had hardly any hyper-pigmentation sports on my face last summer , which was the first summer I used Bare Minerals . The spots I did have were easily covered with Bare Mineral applied with the concealer brush . Truly an amazing product !! I have gotten my mom and several friends to try it - they all love it!There are many other makeup companies coming out with thier own version of mineral makeup - none is as good as Bare Minerals.My skin texture has even improved ! My skin is more even and smooth now that I have been using Bare Minerals for over a year . I have even had people ask me if I wear makeup because my skin looks so natural and radiant ! That had never happened before using Bare Minerals.If you want the coverage of a foundation without the hassle , this is the product for you .
 Excellent product . I swear by Bare Escentuals . It feels like I 'm not wearing makeup , but at the same time , providing the coverage I need . There is no line of demarcation ... very natural . I love it .
 I 've been using this product for 12 years and would be lost without it . Everyone I 've convinced to try it has loved it as much as I do and they are all hooked .
 I love the Bare Minerals . Very happy with this product and with the timely shipping .
 I absolutely love bare minerals products . I am 26 and have been living with acne prone skin since puberty . I use to use liquid foundation and then a powder , which was the only way to get full coverage . But then I tried the bare minerals and thought for sure it wouldnt be enough for my skin type but sure enough it covered completely , and feels so much better on my skin . I TOTALLY RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT , to anyone !!!!!!!!!
 The entire Bare Minerals line is fantastic . I have problem skin and have been using liquid foundation sine I was in my early teens , but I 'll never go back to that after using bare minerals . I use the kabuki brush for maximum coverage -LRB- not the flawless face brush -RRB- and I 've never looked better . Also bare minerals does n't clog your pores , so your skin can breathe and clear up even when wearing makeup . It is great at covering up breakouts and blemishes , although it takes several applications . This line is more expensive than most makeup , but the containers -LRB- even the small ones -RRB- last for several months . Try Bare Minerals ... you wo n't regret it .
 I have lupus , and this is the ONLY foundation my skin can tolerate . It 's also a wonderful sunscreen .
 I have always wanted to try a natural make up , because I hate make up from stores . . It feels like I put cake icing on my face ... Yet when I put this bare minerals foundation on , even by it self with no mineral veil , it works miracles ! It covers my huge red zits , my very dark circles that I have been born with . . It even works on my mom , who has pimples , dark circles like me , and age spots and red blotches . . It works miracles ! We did n't have to use anything but the foundation and it covered everything , feeling fantastic , and lasted hours upon hours ! It lasted about 6 hours on me , which is better than the 3 hours simple cover girl or neutrogena , etc lasted ... And I only had to use a little bit . . BUY THIS ! Do n't waste your money on anything else . . lol . . This works , and feels great : - D
 I must admit that I did n't want to like this because of the infomercials . However , after an in-store demo at Sephora , I bought the starter kit , and I love it . I can match my fair skin without an orangy hue and without any line of demarcation along the jawline or hairline . Unlike liquid foundation , it never settles into even the deeper lines . It never feels like I 'm wearing makeup nor does it transfer onto or stain my clothes . The Mineral Veil controls shine almost all day . I also purchased the concealer , and it works wonders on blemishes and areas of uneven skin tone , but I do still use a liquid concealer under my eyes .
 I have used this product for years ... I would not use another foundation . There are several things to consider when you use this . One , you need the right brush -LRB- the one that comes in the starter kit . In fact , I recommend the starter kit because it gives you absolutely everything you need to begin -RRB- . Two , if you have never used this type of foundation it is going to take a little practice . It took me a couple of weeks to figure out how exactly to use this , but , once I got it , I was and am hooked . Get a little of the powder on the brush and then tap off the excess . Lightly and in a circular motion start at the outer edges , near your jawline , and start applying . Add more foundation in the same way and then go over your eyes , nose , cheeks . It takes all of 10 seconds to apply and it absolutely is flawless . You can add more and never overdo it . There is a smaller brush -LRB- again , it comes with the starter kit -RRB- for more concentrated application . This is great under your eyes , on your eyelashes to make them thicker when you apply mascara , on a blemish , or wherever . Trust me . I always get compliments on my skin and how great it looks -LRB- if only they saw me without makeup :-RRB- -RRB- Actually , I often sleep with this because I 'm just too lazy to remove it , and I have never had a breakout . The couple of times I 've grabbed something from the drugstore or tried something new from Sephora , I have either broken out or it just looked cakey and unnatural . This looks like it is so natural and you have nothing on , but you could add any amount to your skin , depending on how much you need for any given event or just how much help your skin needs , and it will look natural . Last , just make sure you get the right color . I use medium beige but look horrible in just the medium . It does make a difference . Also , do use the warmth , which is not really a bronzer although it looks like one ... but do n't use it like one . Again , it is a tap on the lid of the container then I start at my cheek bone then move to my temple and down the edge of my cheekbone . This looks like the shape of a `` 3 '' or `` E '' . . hope that make sense . But , this brightens your whole face . Add the mineral veil and I promise you will never go back to anything else . P.S. Do n't try ANY of the ones from drugstores or elsewhere . While they do try to replicate this product , they do not come close .
 My thanks to MJ for the extensive review and the common sense advice about skin care . I have used Bare Minerals Foundation and Soft Focus for several years on my normal-to-dry face with generally very good results . I agree with those who caution about expecting this product to hide or cure all face problems . My complexion is texturally smooth with some unevenness of color due to age , and the products have done well to minimize -LRB- NOT HIDE -RRB- the imperfections . I like Bare Minerals ease of use and the way they feel on my skin , so I accept the incomplete concealment . With a couple of other people , I find that as I age , I have to use the powders with more care , since even a little too much can accentuate lines and shadows . At some point , I 'll probably have to abandon powder makeup , but until then , I 'll stay with the Bare Minerals products that have been so good for me .
 I absolutely love this fondation . It feels nice and light and evens my skin tone very nicely . It ca n't cover up anything though - I have some small freckles on my cheeks and they fade with the foundation but they do n't completely dissappear , which I have no problem with . It also does n't cover up dark circles under eyes very well.What I love most about this foundation is that I actually seem to break out LESS when I wear it , specially when I wear the mineral veil over the foundation . I 've been using it for over two years now and I 'm still pleased with its quality.A side note
 I really like this makeup , and once you get the hang of it , it is easy and fast to apply . I love that I can use it for cover-up , base , and powder by using different brushes . I also love that it is a bigger size.It is great to get it through this seller at amazon , because I can get what I need without signing up for monthly deliveries .
 I avoided foundation like the plague for years , because it always ended up caking and looking horribly fake . However , I have red , blotchy cheeks and large pores on my nose , which as I get older , look worse , so I needed SOMETHING to cover them up . Bare Minerals sounded good , but I dismissed it for a long time because I just could n't see how a powder would NOT dry out my skin or look cakey . However , when I finally gave in and tried it , it was a revelation ! It covers my blotchiness amazingly well -LRB- and you only have to use a little ! -RRB- , yet looks incredibly natural . Just brush it on , blend in with your fingers -LRB- important
 Bare escentials bareminerals foundation is such a refreshing change to traditional foundation ... . its truly the new wave in make-up that younger women have been looking for
 I believe some people simply are not applying this product correctly . I am 53 years old and have severely sun damaged skin . I 'm talking red to purple huge blotches down each side of my neck -LRB- like a giant birth mark -RRB- sensitive skin , roseacea and allergies . This product is the only one out of 100s I have tried over the years that does cover it up ! Watch QVC and see how they apply it ... lightly in circular motions . You can get any amount of coverage you desire . I use the med shade , BE blush , then a light swirl of the mineral veil . It lasts all day without touch ups , humidity did not make it melt , and my skin has improved tremendously ! It does not settle in my fine lines . I have also tried 100s of moisture products . Hard to believe , but banana boat after sun aloe lotion is the only one that works for me ! The others cause breakouts , dryness , flaky patches , or too much oil . I apply this right out of the shower , have coffee then apply the bare minerals . Everyone comments on how fantastic my face looks ! My dermatologist asked how the heck I covered up my purple neck ! My GP thought it had completely vanished lol I started with the starter kit which also contains a nice bronzer for a hint of more color in summer . It also has a CD to teach you how to apply the makeup .
 I have used this product for over 5 years , and have always been amazed at how well it works . This foundation goes on beautifully with a B.E. brush and covers without looking overly made up . Pick the right shade and `` swirl , tap and buff '' as the product claims . A beautiful , finished face !!
 I do n't know what I would do without Bare Minerals . It is THE best foundation I 've ever used , and I would n't even think to use anything else now . My daughter in law turned me on to Bare Minerals last Mother 's Day . It was a great present , and I 've been buying the products ever since . I love it so much , I bought this for the females in my life , for Christmas Presents this year!What 's great is that it does n't look like you are wearing anything at all . It 's a foundation that blends with your skin tone . No lines , or any indication whatsoever that you are wearing makeup ... just a beautiful finished face ! :-RRB- Highly recommend !
 My experience with Bare Escentuals products is that there appears to be every shade of the human color spectrum available for purchase . Yet , as someone whose skin is quite fair with bluish/pink undertones , I was unable to find a good match.The Fair is too light and tends to be a bit chalky unless - and only if - a Primer -LRB- like Prime Time -RRB- is used underneath . For some reason , this makes a major difference.The Fairly Light tends to leave a very visible greenish cast on my skin . Yet the texture -LRB- even without the Prime Time primer -RRB- is much , much better than Fair.So , there needs to be a shade created that is somewhere between the Fair and the Fairly Light , in my opinion.If the product is used with the right brush - it must be dense and also firm and coarse enough to beat the product into the skin so that it actually stays put -- it can look flawless . When wearing this product , despite the less-than-great color effect on my particular skin tone , I usually receive compliments about my skin ; additionally , I do think it makes me look younger . I am in my late forties .
 Bare Minerals is a must have ! It has full coverage for ANY blemish , feels weightless , looks like your natural skin , and lasts all day through any amount of sweat ! I live in Florida and in the humid hot summers , it is fantastic because I need coverage -LRB- I am NOT a sans make-up kind of girl ! -RRB- but it does not feel heavy or `` slide off '' or even LOOK like i am wearing makeup !
 OK , so after hearing alot of negative reviews I wanted to add in my review of this product . I 'll admit , after reading some of these reviews -LRB- after purchasing the product -RRB- I was very worried ! however , I 'm pretty satisfied with what I 've gotten out of B.E.first , throw out the vitamin cocktail . it smells funny , it 's got weird chemicals , i have sensitive skin and it broke me out a little . ALWAYS clean your face , tone and moisturize before you put on any product . it 's pointless to put fresh makeup on a dirty face and you wo n't have a smooth surface to work with . I use the clinique 3-step system . you also have to let your moisturizer soak in before you apply any makeup , or it 'll crease , buildup and cake.second , this is medium-coverage powder . I 'm lucky enough to have very good skin -LRB- in my early 20s , very few blemishes , small amount of oil in the Tzone , dry around the eyes -RRB- and i take very good care of it . this powder wo n't do miracles . it WILL make your complexion and skin look fabulous and flawlwss but , sorry ladies , no magic . I have some dark spots/acne scars -LRB- I scar very easily and very noticibly -RRB- and it does cover those up , but it wo n't cover up , say , a scab on my face . it does , however , cover up a pretty dark scar I have on my face from an accidental pencil stabbing.third , follow the steps . start off with the concealer brush and conceal any imperfections . less really is more , and swirl/tap/buff is really the only way to go . you also might have to mix shades to get `` your '' shade . I 'm olive-skinned , tan easily and am of mixed race -LRB- eastern european and southern chinese -RRB- I blend the two medium foundations right now , but during the summer i 'll probably use just the medium beige foundation , since it 's a little tanner . I use the buki brush to swirl , tap and buff over my entire face . I usually do this twice . the powder is light enough that you can apply 2 or 3 layers and not feel `` caked '' at all , unlike other powders . buff , buff , buff . the more you buff , the better it looks . when i first put BE on , I did n't buff enough and i had a weird masky pallor . when I sat there and went `` let 's see what happens if I go nuts '' it really looked fabulous.warmth you really only need half a tap or so of . I 'm quite tan and I only use that much . more than that makes you look dirty , overblushed or really fake tanned - two words i 'd never apply to myself , considering how much i naturally tan ! really , use warmth sparingly and depending on your facial structure , figure out where it looks best on you . I have long bangs and a sharp chin , so i just apply it to my cheeks or else my face looks very unbalanced . i apply warmth with the full-coverage brush so it 's not AS full as the buki brush coveragei then apply mineral veil with the buki brush . mineral veil really sets your makeup and makes everything look `` blended '' without looking masky.this is a great product if you 're willing to work with it . while my skin 's condition is quite nice to begin with , BE leaves it feeling silky smooth . I would n't sleep in this makeup but , it does n't leave you with a pasty or clogged feeling like other products do . it also does n't give an artificially matte finish , which other products also do . it really evens my skin tone out and makes my skin look like it 's been `` just washed '' all the time , not masky and fake like other makeup tends to . the first time you try , you probably wo n't apply it properly . give yourself some time to learn how to put it on and please TAKE CARE OF THAT SKIN !!! no product can undo damage done by not washing , toning and moisturizing your skin properly ! if you 're going to drop 60 bucks on enough foundation for 2 months , you might as well drop 50 bucks -LRB- or less -RRB- on the proper soaps , toners and lotions for your skin . also , your skin reflects your -LRB- 1 -RRB- inner health and -LRB- 2 -RRB- inner spirit -- if you 're stressed , your skin shows it . if you eat fries every day , i do n't care what the docs say . your skin shows it . this makeup requires that you take reasonably good care of your skin and , if you do , it 's a perfect way to have really flawless `` no makeup '' look.since starting to use BE , i 've gotten so many compliments on my skin -LRB- from the oddest people -RRB- . one of my collegues asked me if I was pregnant because my skin had that `` i 'm having a baby '' glow . one of my sisters told me `` your skin looks fabulous , but you 're too young for microdermabrasion ! '' i 'll gladly pay the price for this product since it 's very easy to use once you get the hang of it and nothing makes my skin look more naturally beautiful
 I am writing this for my daughter as we first bought these products in a sample pack at Sephora over a year ago . My daughter has suffered with acne and has some minor scarring , although the acne has since subsided . We -LRB- she and I -RRB- were looking for something that would cover her complexion , but not be heavy . I used to think the woman on television who says , `` this product saved my life , '' was pretty corny , but this product is amazing . I ca n't tell you how well it is working for my daughter . It looks very natural , but does the job of cover-up . I am thinking about buying it for myself , as I have a mild form of rosacea .
 I do n't wear much makeup , partly because it is hard to find products I like that feel and look somewhat natural and last all day . In my quest for the perfect daily sunscreen as much as to fulfill my ocassional desire to play dress-up , I found this foundation . I first tried the Bare Escentuals Get Started Kit - Fairly Light/Light -LRB- $ 181 Value -RRB- , but I found that both the `` light '' and `` fairly light '' were too dark and warm for me -LRB- my skin is very fair with cool undertones -RRB- , but I loved the way the makeup felt . I gave the colors that did n't work to my sister and friend -LRB- who were very happy -RRB- , and I purchased `` fair , '' which is a better match for my skin.The foundation is super-fine , lightweight , easy to blend , and natural-looking . The loose powder makes a light , all-over application very easy , and problem areas can be touched up with a second spot-application . Even though it is the best foundation I 've tried -LRB- the first I 've tried since I was a teenager -RRB- , it does tend to settle into the little creases around my eyes , even though I apply moisturizer first , which is why I only give it four stars . I still love it.Meanwhile , I 've discovered that the perfect sunscreen is Colorescience Sunforgettable SPF 30 -LRB- 0.23 oz -RRB- in `` All Clear . '' It is a super-fine powder that offers superior , waterproof , sun protectection .
 I 've never been able to wear foundation , for many reasons . The main one being for the fact I am so fair , and anything I put gave me an orange face . I looked like an oompa-Loompa -LRB- really not a good look unless you are in Willy Wonka 's Chocolate factory . -RRB- Also , I 'm lazy ; I do n't want to fool with anything that 's complicated and messy when it comes to my mourning routine . My face does have a lot of ruddiness in it , so I was looking for foundation that would smooth out the redness and not make me look orange and still be relatively fuss free . Bare Escentuals was exactly was I was looking for ! I do n't want to sound like the infomercial , but this foundation is a miracle worker for me . No orange look , redness smoothed out , and totally fuss free , easy to apply , will stay on and not rub off -LRB- maybe a bit on the cell phone , but you know , nothing is perfect in this world -RRB- I stand by this foundation , cause it really has delivered for me . The `` fair '' which is the lightest of the shades is perfect , not dark at all , and no more `` lines of demarcation !! '' Woohoo!My advice with this foundation is to make sure you do apply some sort of moisturizer on before , it helps the make-up to stay on the face , without my beloved SPF lotion the powder would just never stay on my face . -LRB- I have super dry skin -RRB- It 's probably a good idea for everyone , dry skin or not , to wear some sort of moisturizer before putting this makeup on . Another point to add , the powder can get a bit messy -LRB- I 've had to dust off my shirt lol -RRB- but the simple solution was to put less on the brush and tap off the excess . Problem solved . One more point to add , it 's a good idea to buy the bare escentuals brush for this make-up . I like the `` Handy Buki Brush '' about $ 20.00 on its own . It covers well ! Also the `` Maximum Coverage Concealer Brush '' -LRB- $ 20.00 -RRB- because it really helps with under the eyes , and those little problem spots . I know it seems a bit pricy , but for me , it was worth it . The brushes last for a long time , going on two years now . Cleaning them is not hard . Soap and water then air dry . Overall , this is the best makeup I 've found , the perfect fit for me , and I 'm not ever going back to anything else .
 I love this product ! IT feels as if you arent wearing any makeup at all . Plus , it 's the only foundation i have that doesnt make me break out . Really , this product is truely amazing . IT looses a star because when i recommended it to my best friend , -LRB- who has dry skin -RRB- she said that ths stuff takes the moister right out of her skin ! It can be drying . No matter wht kind of moisterizer you use . And also , it you dont buff it right , it doesnt turn out right ...
 I have been using this make-up for more than 5 years now and I love it ! I 've read other reviews where people with occasional breakouts and dry skin have trouble - but I have all these problems and have had no trouble with this make-up . There is a key though - I feel you must use moisturizer before this -LRB- or any other -RRB- makeup . For those with uneven skin or breakouts , no makeup is going to look good if you do n't put on moisturizer first . This make-up is a foundation - but you must give IT a foundation to work with.I also agree with the other reviewers that you should use the make-up brushes that are designed to work with this foundation . The small brush that is used to cover up flaws is a MUST ! And the results are truly amazing . It covers up any redness , breakouts , dark circles under my eyes and unevenness in my skin tone from years of acne as a youth . But with this make-up , I have beautiful skin.I am also very pleased with this make-up because I have used many of the high-end , department store brands and the fragrances they contain actually hurt my eyes ! This make-up has never given me any problems . I will never go back to liquid make-up !
 I have used this product for about 6 years . Light and natural looking . Good coverage . Like the SPF in it too . Try it !
 I thought this not be the actual bare minerals but it is ! I bought 2 for the price of one in stores .
 its not the exactly the same one as the one I buy form sephora but it works just as well I believe . Pretty satisfied and for almost half the price I 'll be ordering again . And it came in like the next day ... Very impressed with that part .
 Ok to much junk required bla , bla , bla , bla , bla . Ca n't understand why I am doing this , must be crazy bla , bla , bla another word
 The color of this is quite yellow -LRB- called golden medium -RRB- . Apply with a light hand . It does tone down the red skin , but it takes awhile to get used to how yellow the product is .
 I ordered Bare Minerals for the fist time and after the first application I will never use another product . It is so light I forget I am wearing makeup .
 I absolutely love BareMinerals . After several years of using it , I ca n't imagine ever using anything else . It 's lightweight but with heavy duty coverage . It 's reasonably priced for how long it lasts . It 's actually enjoyable to apply , unlike heavy liquid foundation , but it 's never flaky like powder . Love .
 Good product , great price . I will buy more from this vendor . I like the turn top with &#34; salt shaker &#34; holes on the top so if the jar falls your product wo n't be all over the floor . Good package design .
 I absolutely love bareMinerals . I am dark and when I first began using it , I would mix the two shades they included in my kit , dark and deep , together and I did n't like the look I got because it looked ghostly . I soon discovered that I did n't need the dark but the deep was perfect . My skin is not flawless , but it does a good job at covering imperfections , and it only takes a couple of minutes to apply . I 'm always rushing in the mornings , so I would n't be able to apply anything that takes up too much time . -LRB- I used to have to take mine with me , or do without . -RRB- The brushes provided do aid in proper application , and when you follow the technique they show you in the video it turns out perfectly . I sometimes use some other brushes that I already had and they work fine as well . Before I heard of bare minerals I had begun using powder foundation because it feels so much lighter than liquids . I love that bareMinerals is a natural powder substance that makes me look like I have great skin , without looking like I have make up on . I never intend to go back to other make ups .
 Bare Minerals -LRB- and its Mineral Veil -RRB- is the very best and most amazing foundation product ever created for the face . How do I love the ... let me count the ways ... 1 -RRB- It blends in perfectly with a variety of complections ; 2 -RRB- It does n't LOOK like you are wearing makeup , you see your face ; 3 -RRB- You can sleep in it and you wo n't break out ; 4 -RRB- NO makeup lines ... it blends in at the neck without even having to try ; 5 -RRB- You ca n't feel a thing on your face , bye bye sticky goopy liquid or liquid to powder foundations !!! ; 6 -RRB- It is SO easy to apply , and is FAST ! Is that enough reasons for you ? I have introduced personally at least a dozen people to this product , and not one has ever went back to `` regular '' foundation ever again . It 's a great buy , and lasts a long time ... because a little bit goes a long way ! You just have to give it a try !
 I am so excited to see bareMinerals on Amazon now ! I have been using bareMinerals for 3 years now and it has changed my life . I have super sensitive skin and severe allergies . I also teach preschool and I am out in the sun on the playground and my makeup stays fresh and it has sunscreen built in . Other foundations would drip off and my skin would itch . I do live in Florida so I use mineral veil first and finish with it and carry it with me in the mirror compact . This product healed my skin . I was having an reaction to Allegra and my face had these huge itchy bumps under the skin . I went a month without makeup and no help . When I found this , my skin felt better the first day I used it and began to heal and it also covers two scars that I have . My eyeshadow and blush go on so smoothly and I get compliments daily on my skin . No one thinks that I wear foundation ! When people ask about my skin , I tell them bareMinerals and they always freak out and go buy it ! Now I can order it from Amazon and not drive over an hour to the Mall in Orlando to buy it ! It is really economical , a little goes a long way ! I also used a more expensive brand sold in salons and the fragrance bothered me and made my eyes water . BareMinerals has no frangrance that I can tell and I have n't had a problem with my eyes .
 I admit , I love to watch infomercials ! Late at night ... nothing on TV ... I always stop and see what could `` change '' my life . Nothing I bought from TV has had the amazing effects as Bare Minerals has . I have gotten SOO many complements on my skin since I have started using this ! Even my own mother ca n't belive it ! I have acne and lots of scars from old acne ... but you ca n't see a one when I have this on ! Get the whole line ... you wo n't be sorry !
 I have been using this product for three years , and will not leave my house with out it . This was the quickest and least expensive way to ordor it . Just wish it came in a compact too .
 i have combination skin and occasional acne . this powder foundation gives me coverage and a glow . i get lots of compliments on my skin tone!also , the full size lasts a LONG time , so if you 're comparing prices to drugstore brands , definitely give this a try.the only thing i do n't like is that my pores look more obvious when i 'm wearing this .
 I love this product , it is the third time I buy it and I will probably keep on buying it for a long time .
 It looked so natural . And this stuff wo n't hurt your skin if you leave in on at night . It 's a really good deal over buying the things seperately as well .
 My wife is huge fan of Bare Minerals . I was very glad to find an inexpensive and highly reliable source for the entire product line .
 I have been using Bare Minerals for about 5 yrs and wouldnt use anything else . Buying on Amazon saved me some money so I will definatley buy it again
 It feels light and silky , smooth on you face . Certainly looks like nice even with out make up . I like it for this foudation .
 I have been using Bare Escentuals for years . It 's a great product that when applied leaves your face feeling light and smooth . Highly recommended !
 I had orginally received a sample of the Bare Minerals -LRB- from the company -RRB- in medium . I was so discouraged by the color . I have medium/olive skin , oily/combination skin , and the medium was just too orangey for me . But , when I saw that there was a Medium Beige , I was exstatic ! This matches my skin type perfectly and goes on and stays on alll day ! I love it !
 I just recently began using the Bare Minerals starter kit with the Light foundation . My skin is not naturally fabulous , but not too troublesome , either . As I creep into middle-age , it seems like my pores look bigger and my facial skin tone looks less even . I also get the occasional breakout . I do take pretty good care of my skin , but as I age , I seem to have less control over it.I 've always used a light application of liquid foundation , and set that with a powder finish.I really hate the ways it feels on my skin at the end of a work day , and once I wash it off , I look pasty and sometimes blotchy . I also really prefer the most natural cosmetics I can find , and it seems like the ones with the least chemicals are the most difficult to apply evenly.I decided to try the Bare Minerals . After a week , I actually got unsolicited compliments about my skin . The little lines on my forehead are so much less noticeable , and my skin tone looks even and lovely . I even look healthier under the awful fluorescent lights of our office . One co-worker said it looks as if I had a face lift -LRB- I think that 's a little extreme ... -RRB- . The starter routine , including the primer , is pretty easy to apply , and I 'm sure it will only get better with practice . I 'm really glad I tried this product .
 I hate when make-up looks caked-on . I have been using this product as both a foundation and then the bronzer for a bit of color for about three years now , and I am re-ordering for the first time now . It goes on smoothly and does n't give you a fake look , and although it will not cover every blemish as well as liquid or solid foundation dose , it helps dull them for a finished look . Especially for younger make-up wearers , I 'd say this is the way to go .
 I purchased it on amazon to save me a trip to the BE store and it also cost me less ! Thanks !
 I have been a Bare Minerals Customer for about 2 years now.Bottom line ... if you are looking for a miracle concealor this is NOT your product . I do have a little bit of adult acne and this really does n't do the trick . I have had MUCH better luck with drug store brands . Save your money when it comes to concealor.However the eye shadow is AMAZING . And Bare Minerals brushes will always be my favorite . I have been a user of the warmth and faux tan . I love both . It is the most natural looking bronzer on the market hands down . I am extremely paranoid about my face looking `` fake '' and if you use just the right amount it really will give you a healthy glow.Mascara is great , not sure if it is worth the price though . Definitely extends lashes a bit longer than drug store brands.Eyeliner is NOT easy to put on the top of the eyelid after you have applied eyeshadow . In fact , the color of the eyeliner is n't the same on the top over the eyeshadow as if you would just apply it to the bottom of your eye.The blush is very natural and I really do like it a lot . I will not use any other blush other than Bare Minerals.All in all I really do love Bare Minerals . I am super picky with make up and very critical . It is really very easy to put on and natural looking . The brushes ca n't be beat with ANY drug store or department store brand . Their kits are a very good deal , but if bought alone some of this stuff can be sort of pricey.And I 'm not sure why there are some reviews about this stuff not being for sensitive skin . My skin is really sensitive but all this stuff is is powder and it is definitely non irritating . It 's wonderful if you have sensitive skin .
 I have an olive skin tone , so finding a base color can be tricky . This color is supposedly for those with golden or olive skin , but what I found out from a representative at a local makeup store -LRB- after trying and HATING this color -RRB- is that the `` golden '' color line was created for people of Asian descent , so the Golden Medium base made me look like I had a nice case of jaundice . Generally I love BareMinerals products , this was just a bad description for color matching purposes .
 I 've got very oily skin even though I live in an extremely dry climate . I was skeptical of this product as I am of all products on TV since 9 out of 10 times they 're full of crap . Nevertheless I was desperate for a makeup that worked well for me , so I decided to give this rather expensive solution a try . I 'm pretty pleased with my results , and here 's why :1 . -RRB- The matching is pretty good . No makeup line .2 . -RRB- The makeup conceals well . Very well . Not a magical coverup but as close as it comes for me , and this is no small feat considering I have enlarged pores , dark circles , and occasional breakouts .3 . -RRB- The makeup does n't make my skin feel oilier , and requires minimal re-application -LRB- i.e. 1-2 times a day brush up as opposed to spending all day retouching with a compact -RRB- . Sorry - but us oily skinned gals are going to require reapplication no matter what , and I suspect that most of us already know this all too well .4 . -RRB- The makeup does not agitate existing acne and does not cause breakouts . Enough said . If you have adult acne that is hormonal or cyclical like me , you learn what agitates your breakout cycle further . This makeup may be the only makeup I have ever used that does not agitate an existing breakout even if used as concealer.The cons are in my opinion - extended application time , `` mess factor '' , portability -LRB- it sucks to carry a powder and a brush around all day but I think they sell an overpriced specialty compact for this purpose if you feel so inclined -RRB- , and of course the cost . Like I said I was so desperate for a decent coverage solution that I shelled out the money for the makeup and I do so now on a regular basis . For oily and acne prone skin like mine this is the closest thing to a `` miracle '' on the market - far from an actual miracle but a feasible solution .
 As my mild rosacea developed , I had to abandon any sort of powder or foundation because it would cause my cheeks to redden and burn . My skin tolerates Bare Minerals very well over prescription Metrogel or Finacea , then Clinique 's Redness Solutions soother and moisturizer , then BM 's Prime Time . The DVD that comes with the Bare Escentuals intro kit is very informative , plus you get the brushes and several minerals more economically . I use a lighter shade of mineral powder with the small brush for concealer -LRB- under eyes , sides of nose -RRB- , then use the kabuki or smaller brush to apply my matching shade . This product line does n't cause my skin to burn painfully and makes for an improved , more polished appearance , which is all I ask -- I stopped requiring miracles of products some time ago . One thing about these products -- they are n't very portable as the powder shakes out into the top of the jar . I carry a Physician 's Formula mineral compact in my purse and when traveling . This drugstore product works well , but does n't come in as many shades and is n't as finely milled . P.S. Listen to us . We all wind up spending inordinate amounts of time , money and psychic energy on our looks . It is our culture , but I declare at least one day per week a comfortable , cursory grooming day . We 'd all have more time and money and be less stressed . We might even use some of that time and energy to improve our minds and spirits . Who knows what would come of THAT ???
 I just started using the Bare Minerals line this year and I will never go back to liquid foundation ! Bare Minerals feels great on my skin and it does n't clog my pores . The coverage is great and it looks so natural . Make sure that you have one of the Bare Minerals brushes to use with this product for the best results . There are so many shades that you can find the perfect shade for any skin color ! I recommend this to all skin types !
 My sister introduced this to me a few months ago and I am just loving it . It serves as both my foundation and powder - no creamy foundation for me anymore , especially in this Texas heat . I do n't have many blemishes to cover but I can attest that it balances out my skin tone . It lasts for mostly the whole workday and you just need to use a little bit of it . I also have very sensitive skin and this does not irritate it whatsoever .
 This is the best foundation I 've ever used . Though I 'm in my 50 's I have oily skin and still break out sometimes . I also have sensitive skin . I know it seems counterintuitive to put dry powder on mature skin but it does not sit on top . As with all makeup it 's important to blend it and especially with this product to be careful not to use too much . It will look like it 's sitting on top your skin but give it a few minutes and somehow it blends and looks very natural . My only complaint is I wish they made a color lighter than fair and that the SPF was higher than 15 . I live in Southern California and it would be nice to protect my skin more from the bright sun . By the way Fair has no green/yellow tones in it . It works best on ruddier skin .
 i have been very happy with this product . it gives great coverage . i have always struggled with acne and since using this product i have broken out less . completely satisfied .
 The key thing to applying make-up is to feel good about yourself and to look nice . This does it !
 Great product . Good for your skin with light enhancing mineral pigments , complete with SPF 15 .
 I will never in life use another make up again !! This is the best make up ever everything else feels like glue on your face . Love it Love it
 I have been wearing makeup of every make and this foundation exceeds any and all other makers . I will never wear another foundation made by another company again ! You have to try this product . I was surprised at how fast and even the product is to apply . Cuts my preparation time down by 1/2 !
 My sister had been trying to get me to use BareMinerals foundation for years before I actually tried it . I am so glad that she did because I absolutely LOVE this product . It is so light.HINT
 I love this product . It feels as if I was n't wearing any foundation at all .
 try i.d.bareMinerals and you 'll wonder how you ever lived without.this is the best stuff for beautiful skin , melts in , stays on and you ca n't tell you 're wearing make up.I 've been using i.d.bareMinerals for 2 years now and still am not interested in trying anything else ... it 's just the best .
 This foundation provides surprisingly good coverage . It covers acne better than many liquid foundations . It is easy to apply using the techniques shown on the Bare Minerals website if you have the special brushes that Bare Minerals sells . Being a powder , it is a little messy . I recommend putting a facial tissue under the jar before you open it . The tissue will help catch the excess powder that ends up on the table.The foundation feels light and natural on your face . There is a hint of pearl in the formula so that you get a slightly dew-y look . This can be covered with any regular powder if you do n't like it.Since you do n't need a lot , the jar will last a few months . You can mix different shades to match your exact skin tone , or to change the color to match your skin tone in summer and winter .
 I have never worn much makeup and like a natural look , which is why I 'm so impressed with Bare Minerals Foundation - it provides great coverage without looking like you 're all `` done up . `` My skin is uneven and blotchy -LRB- I have bad melasma -RRB- and this is the ONLY product that makes my entire face look even and completely natural ! It goes on so easily and makes your skin will look flawless.I actually use one shade darker than I probably should , but it gives me a touch of color -LRB- I 'm SO pale -RRB- and I dont have to wear bronzer or self-tanner to achieve a `` glow . `` I also recommend their eyeshadows and brushes ... ca n't rave enough about their product line .
 I love this makeup and would consider buying it through Amazon , but it would be helpful to know WHAT SIZE container this is .
 I 've been wearing this product for almost two years now and I have to say it is a great product . It is not like any other foundation out there on the market . It does n't clog your pores -LRB- because they ca n't absorb minerals -RRB- and the color blends into your skin and looks completely natural . I would n't recommend this product for anyone who has imperfections that are harder to conceal like scars . You might want to use a concealer underneath .
 I have been using this product for about half a year now . I love it ! I have had acne for four years , and this is the only face product that I have used since my skin started to completely clear up . I 'm not sure if the foundation itself has properties that prevent or eliminate acne , but it has certainly not caused it . Additionally , the foundation hides redness and acne scars very well . I went to the doctor 's office to get some medication for my acne , and she asked if I had redness . Apparently , she said that my makeup covered it up so well that she did n't even notice that I had redness on both sides of my cheek . So the point is that it could be good for acne-prone individuals .
 wow at this price , you wont find a better deal than amazon . This item will last a while , so you wont need to reorder anytime soon
 Best makeup product I have ever used ! I have used Bare Minerals for the last four years and will not use anything else . I am a mature skin type , when applied I am always pleased with my results .
 For most of my live I 've had to go without make-up because I could n't stand the thick , cakey feel of liquid foundation on my skin . I tried using just powder , but then it just looked chalky instead of cakey . I decided to try bare minerals when my Aunt , who has rosacea as I do , told me she loved it . I got very close to her face and was amazed that I could n't see any redness , nor any make-up ! When my skin is clear I can use the bare minerals alone and get a nice even complexion . When I 'm having a flare-up I just grab the concealer brush and dab on some bisque and/or apply the powder directly to the blemish -LRB- instead of the tap/swirl/buff steps -RRB- and it works very well !
 Bare Minerals foundation is by far the best makeup I have ever used . I am a makeup artist and have worked with some of the best lines of makeup available . But this one has beat them all in my book . Not only do my friends and clients love it . But I love it too . I have rosacea and my skin is oily/acne prone . This foundation allows my skin to breath yet gives me full coverage . I would recommend this makeup to everyone.C.J .
 I have used Bare Minerals foundation for over a year now . I was very skeptical about a powder foundation , but finally tried it . I have very sensitive skin and am allergic to many chemicals in most lotions , moisturizers and makeup . I have found that I love this foundation . I appreciate the other reviews -LRB- esp . the makeup artist -RRB- and I agree that this is not for everyone . I have oily skin , so it works well in the morning , but after a few hours -LRB- especially in very humid weather -RRB- I have to do some touchups , but I have never had a foundation last , so that does n't bother me.I use the bare minerals concealer and the mineral veil as well as the foundation . This is a light foundation that will not cover problem skin or scars and it may not be the amount of coverage some women want . However , I do recommend giving it a try . Sephora is a good company to work with and they accept returns without a problem.Another thing to note -- the jar usually lasts me close to 6 months , so that is a factor in the overall cost for me . I also use bare minerals brushes -LRB- specifically the handi buki brush -RRB- with their products .
 I have been using BareMinerals for severals years and I really love it.Now that they have Golden Medium , it 's perfect .
 This is the best kind of makeup that you can purchase that is great for your skin . You look flawless and great in photos . It can be messy but worth every penny !
 This product just like every other product out there is not for everyone and i agree with one reviewer who said that this line is not a solution for skin problems . However , i feel for some , it can pose as a temporary solution . I suffered from minor acne and acne scars and the BE covered my flaws beautifully . I really like this make up and will continue to buy it because I can have the illusion of clear skin and it makes me feel good . It 's light , it blend in with my skin tone and it 's does n't take long to take off . However , this is not for everyone and i know it has n't worked for everyone with the same problems as me.P.S . I still continue with daily and nightly regime even with this make up . This make up did not make me give up caring for my skin whatsoever . The make is not a solution to my problem but something to make the situation not as bad . I love it !!
 i love this product line . it is natural looking and it provides just enough coverage . i 'm a loyal customer .
 Best makeup on the planet . Worth any price ! Coverage is complete yet not heavy or cakey . So many color options-if you mix a few together-you can always get the right shade for your skin tone . Be sure to get a good brush and tap off all extra before applying .
 I use both deep and dark Bare Minerals . When I first began using the foundation , I applied it improperly and to my displeasure , looked ghostly under the light of the sun . I put away the makeup and vowed never to use it again ; however , somehow it made its way back to my vanity , and I tried it again this time , following the instructions put forth . My skin looked fabulous ! I will admit that I can not use Bare Minerals alone for very special occasions where I need extra coverage , but as for a lightweight everyday makeup , this is the way to go . It does n't scream , I have on makeup as do most other brands of foundation , and you can wear it in the coldest of cold weather as well as in the hottest of hot . Remember , this is 2006 . The `` in '' look is not that of a face that is caked with makeup to reveal no imperfections . What is in is skin that looks radiant , healthy , and natural . This is what Bare Minerals does for me , and I am sure that if you use it properly , it will do the same for you !
 I really do love bareMinerals products , and this item arrived extremely quickly ! It was here almost 5 days before I expected it ! I would recommend this seller ! The only reason I do n't give the item five stars is the click , lock and go sifter . It gets in the way , and I go through the product way faster since they 've put it in . I prefer the old container .
 This product came within a very reasonable amount of time , actually earlier than I expected which was great . The foundation was in perfect , unopened condition and I am very happy with the product -LRB- I use Bare Minerals all the time -RRB- . I 'd buy from this seller again !
 At first I was a little displeased with the product . But after using it for about a week I have discovered that the type of brush you use , the amount of product you use -LRB- I have found it best to use sparingly -RRB- and the amount of buffing you do makes all the difference . Today I buffed it into my face for a little bit longer and used a little less product than I have been and was really pleased with the results !
 I was really skeptical about trying this product since it was essentially a `` powder '' and I was worried my face would be dry , but it is absolutely fantastic !! It goes on so easily and has cut my morning makeup routine down from about 20 minutes to under 5 . It feels like nothing is on your skin - it 's like no other product out there . I 'd worn regular foundation for years and it always looked a little cakey and fake , and I would break out all the time . Ever since I switched to Bare Minerals , I 've been told by so many people that I have `` great skin '' -LRB- which I do n't !! -RRB- and so many of my girlfriends have asked what I use so they could go buy it . I 'm a beauty product junkie and have literally tried everything out there , from the $ 5 Covergirl foundation to the $ 60 T. LeClerc foundation , and this Bare Minerals line is the BEST of all of them !! And it lasts a long time too -- I wear it every day and one pot will last me about 3 months . The `` Warmth '' color is also really great - it makes you look healthy and sunkissed , and works on all skin colors . I 'm really fair and was worried it would be too dark , but it 's not . I also like the `` True '' blush color for special occaisons - it has a hint of shimmer and is a beautiful bronzed pink color . Once you try Bare Minerals , you 'll never go back to that gross , messy liquid stuff , I promise !
 I love the idea of this product , and I used all the product in the starter kit . I am in my early 40 's and still have very oily , breakout prone skin . This product did NOT aggravate my acne , in fact I did not have a break out while using it . Mostly , it was comfortable and very easy to apply . I can dash some on before going outside , for extra SPF . I sometimes choose to go to bed without cleansing my face -LRB- a habit I learned while raising small children , yet to be broken -RRB- . So , for all of these reasons , this is a super product . However , I have two caveats
 At first I was skeptical because how can something in powder form cover my imperfections as well as a liquid foundation ? Someone actually recommended this product to me because I was having a problem with breakouts and acne scars on my face . I like to keep them hidden but the makeup I wore always looked caked on and just did n't look natural . I 've only been using Bare Minerals for a couple of days but have noticed a huge difference it does n't look like I am wearing makeup but the acne scars are hidden . My face just looks healthy and that is very important to me . I will definately recommend this product to others in the future .
 I started using this product after I saw it on T.V. I am a women of color and I have dark post acne marks . I use a Cover Girl concealer and then I apply this product all over . I like the fact this product does not look `` over done '' . My skin looks nice without a ton of make up on it . As a women of color , I found it hard to find my perfect shade of foundation , but through this make up I finally have . I use the deep and I use the warming as a blush . I like this product and I 'm ordering more!E . WAlker25 yrs
 I 've used this product for over a year , and I will never go back to liquid foundation !! It has great coverage without the heavy , caked on look of a liquid .
 This foundation is wonderful . It does not cake or change colors and will not settle into any lines . Superior to liquid foundation and easy to use . A little goes a long way .
 This will simply not work for you unless you moisturize and use a good foundation primer before you apply the foundation . I 've tried it without , and it made my skin look dry and settled into fine lines . When I use a primer and moisturize beforehand , my skin looks flawless . It really is good makeup , you just need to prepare your skin first .
 I started using bare minerals a few years ago and absolutely loved the coverage and what it did for my skin . I did n't like the price tag , however , and looked for a cheaper substitute . After searching high and low , there just is n't one . Bare minerals is the best mineral foundation on the market . The others do not even compare . Amazon.com has several merchants that offer it below mall store pricing , which is great . I am never straying from bare minerals again .
 I have SUPER sensitive skin . Everything gives me hives or a rash or acne . This stuff is tops . I love it . Does n't cause any problems , has buildable coverage and is so easy to use . Ok , if your skin has a lot of acne and you want it all disguised , this probably is n't for you . But if you have a couple small blemishes and want to even out your tone , it 's great . My skin is a little oily and I think this foundation holds its own pretty well . Before I apply I do put on some generic Oil of Olay moisturizer because it helps set the powder better but after that , you 're done . So easy .
 The product is great , new and unopened . However , I live on the east coast ... where the product was supposed to ship from . It arrived 22 days after ordering , in a padded envelope marked at less than half the actual shipping charge .
 I have been using BareMinerals for 2 years now and it is the ONLY foundation I will wear ! It provides great coverage and is lightweight !
 It is one the best foundations I have ever used . . esspecially during summer time . . but as I travl overseas and the security restrictions apply I have to put them in to my luggages and when the time comes to use them they become messy . . please find another way . .
 This was purchased as a gift for my granddaughter for Christmas . She adores the product , and if fact has now limited her make up to only this product .
 okay , I too got sucked into the infomercial . As I have gotten older I found that liquid foundations just sat on my face and got into every crease and made me look like I `` had '' make-up on . Yes that ugly `` make up face '' look . I dove in and bought the kit , and have since then reorderd 4 times . This product is perfect if you like a natural look that takes off the shine and evens out the skin tone . Sometimes my eyes get a little dark and my nose a little red , so I dab a bit of liquid concealer on those spots , and powder right over it . Looks great ! this is a great product , try it .
 So I just received the foundation yesterday , and of course , I immediately tried it out . Before I bought it , I researched alot because it is not the cheapest product , but after watching the demos on QVC and reading reviews like the ones on this page , I decided to go ahead and try . -LRB- Atleast I could return it if need be -RRB- . So I tried it and I am so happy . Did I mention that I am a black woman who uses the Deep color ? It works ... so no matter your skin color , there is something for everyone . I am in my early twenties and although I do not have the problems of lines and such , I have a few acne scar marks and uneven tone . After I tried the foundation , I was so happy that I finally found something . My sin did look luminous and even in tone , without looking `` made up . '' When I washed off my makeup , I really did see the difference , and I am happy . One thing you should know is that the brush that comes with it does not give the full coverage that some people want . -LRB- But do n't get me wrong , I would still walk outside and look good with what was given -RRB- . But no worries for me because I just ordered the starting kit -LRB- which is a better deal -RRB- . I will be getting the Kabuki brush with it so now I can have all the coverage I want .
 This is what we 've all dreamed of ... a makeup that not only makes you look good , but is good for you . I have always hated liquid foundation and have never worn it . But as I 've gotten older , I want to cover my skin 's imperfections . Do n't be afraid of this foundations ' powder form , it is just as great on dry skin as well as oily skin . It is super easy to apply and it does n't melt away throughout the day -LRB- and I have worn it all throughout these past five brutal New York summers ! -RRB- I think my skin actually looks BETTER after this foundation has been on for a few hours . It morphs into your skin , but does NOT cause skin problems at all . I 've NEVER had to re-apply it after a workday , just a little touch of Mineral Veil -LRB- another great Bare Escentuals product -RRB- if my skin gets shiny.I highly recommend this to any woman who hates the heavy feel of makeup on her face . This is the miracle product we have ALL dreamt about ! Once you try it , you will NEVER go back to liquid makeup again .
 this is the best makeup you will ever find . once you try it you will never go back to any other foundation . there is no waste like in liquid foundation . you ca n't feel it on your skin and it is so blendable no one will ever know where it ends . all of the other products in this line are just as incredible .
 I consider myself a makeup connoisseur . I have literally tried almost all of the brands . Including drug store sold makeup , department store makeup , pro makeup pallets , and other brands such as Mary Kay , Avon , etc. . . Of all of these I am MOST impressed with Bare Escentuals ' Bare Minerals . It is sheer for light coverage or it can be applied with more tapping and buffing for fuller coverage ! It 's so versatile and easy to use . It does n't settle in fine lines so it makes your skin appear younger ! I highly recommend this product to anyone who is looking for a dramatic change.I love this product mostly because I have a childhood scar right below my eye and on the bridge of my nose that has always been hard for me to cover using other makeup brands but with bare minerals because of the matte look of the foundation in conjunction with the ability to use `` warmth '' as a contour powder and `` mineral veil '' mixed with the darker foundation ... it looks as if there is no scar ! This by the way is a deep scar that had to be sewn . So if you can imagine it is very hard to cover . But with the Bare Minerals line it 's not only possible but fast and easy ! Love the stuff ... Brigette
 I 've tried other foundations . I used to be a loyal liquid foundation wearer . I 'm so glad I finally decided to try Bare Minerals . I have oily skin & this really helps to keep down the shine . It does n't look like I 'm wearing foundation . I love that I can have more or less coverage -- depending on what I need that day . It 's quick & easy to apply .
 I purchased a mineral make-up product I 've used before . I found the best value - combination of price and quality - from this vendor , purchased it , received a confirmation e-mail w/shipping info , and received my order a couple of days earlier then expected . 100 % satisfaction all around ! Based on my experience , I would order from this vendor again and recommend them to others .
 this make up is light and beautiful . I am 53 and really love how it makes me feel and look . Love the color match to my skin , it really lasts all day long and never feels heavy or fake .
 People have asked me -LRB- while pulling me aside -RRB- if I have had a face lift while wearing it . Thank you Bare Minerals
 I have used it for a long time and I will keep coming back for more . I have sensitive skin and have had VERY little break outs .
 I absolutely love bareminerals . It does n't irritate my skin and lasts a really long time , which makes the price more reasonable .
 For me there is no other make-up on the market and I will continue to use this for as long as possible .
 This product was exactly as described and arrived quickly , in new condition . I have used bare minerals make up for about 21/2 years now and was just ordering this to replace one that was almost empty . This was a great deal and I 'm happy that it arrived and was exactly what I wanted : -RRB-
 I love the product . It was great to buy bare minerals foundation at such a super price . I have been using it for a long time
 I am 59 , have freckles and acne scars and wrinkles , but decided to try a starter kit after reading all the reviews . I admit I have rotten light in my bathrooms but I thought I looked pretty good . This morning at work , a co-worker came up and told me I looked really rested . A while later , another co-worker told me I looked great this morning . I know my skin feels like silk . It did n't make the flaws disappear , but it does minimize them . I agree that swirling the product in the lids is a pain , but it 's worth it . I plan on buying bigger containers .
 I 've been using this product for a couple years now and my skin has never looked better . I even used it for my wedding and wow ... that 's all I can say . I love their foundation , mineral veil and eye shadow . Their waterproof mascara is pretty good too ! And I do n't typically do waterproof mascara ... it 's too drying . So far , I have no complaints !
 Very expensive but WONDERFUL make up . My skin tends to break out in zits even at 39 ! I look young but it sux to not be able to wear regular foundation as I am uneven in tone and wish to cover up tons of imperfections . I can use this stuff and it looks GREAT and gives suncoverage -LRB- sunscreen -RRB- . May I recommend though Physcian 's Formula dry type make up ? It is CHEAPER and works almost as good ! I use sunscreen though FIRST with Physician 's Formula . I found a link in here ... but I found the mineral face power and mineral veil at Walgreens ... Physicians Formula MINERAL WEAR Mineral Face Powder & Mineral Duo Eyeshadow -LRB- 1 KIT -RRB- , Light Bronzer
 Hi , I am a makeup junkie :-P and after reading rave reviews of BE makeup I decided to go for it . I have pretty nice skin so I got it more for a finished look than to cover major blemishes , etc. . When I first tried it I was happy with the finished look but NOT happy that I had a severe allergic reaction and my face swelled . It took a couple days to get back to normal , and by that time I realized it was either the new moisturizer or the makeup . When I called BE customer service to return the makeup they asked me if I was allergic to animals . I said , `` Of course ! Very allergic , that is one of the reasons I bought your product , I have very sensitive skin ... '' They then informed me that the brushes were made of ANIMAL HAIR !! Why a company who prides itself on producing a HYPO-ALLERGENIC product for SENSITIVE skin would include brushes made of products that contain SEVERE ALLERGY-INDUCING ANIMAL PRODUCTS is beyond me . I was extremely upset and am still going to write a letter to the CEO.Last night , two weeks after the initial try , my face was not doing well because I have been sick , so I decided to try the product again with synthetic brushes . This went GREAT ! My face looked awesome and I felt so much more confident at dinner with my boyfriend , than had I gone without any makeup , and looking pale and peaked . So I am very happy with it . I like the naturalness of the product , and the ability to customize the look . I think the warmth goes a LONG way in producing a beautiful and natural , radiant finish . Without it any application is incomplete , I think.So I give it 4 stars ! It does seem to irritate my skin a bit and cause a bit of redness/blemishes , but I think that may in part be due to the animal hair traces in the jar top . Overall , VERY IMPRESSED ! I slept in it and woke up , loved what I saw , and immediately went on the Sephora website to see their full product line . Although , Amazon is much better for this type of thing because there are customer 's reviews.LOVE IT ! / LOVE IT ! / LOVE IT ! The hype is real ! / / but they should really do something about those damn brushes !
 In the past week of using Bare Escentuals Mineral Veil and Foundation , I have received numerous compliments on my skin , makeup , and facial appearance . After walking into work the first time using it , my co-worker came up to me and touched my face , and asked , `` What foundation are you wearing ? It looks amazing ! '' . My co-worker said it was incredibly natural looking on me and provided enough coverage . Wow ! I 've never gotten compliments on my makeup before . My fiance has n't noticed that I 'm wearing new makeup , but has been telling me I look exceptionally beautiful -LRB- what a sweetheart , but recognition goes to Bare Escentuals -RRB- . This one is a hands down winner!Additionally , I purchased the kabuki brush -LRB- small one to reach hard to get to spots -RRB- to buff the makeup and mineral veil in for the natural results - a must buy .
 i purchased a starter kit from sephora about ten months ago , and it 's been the best make-up purchase i 've ever made . i 've always prefered loose or pressed powder , but this is certainly the best coverage i 've been able to find in either ... and it lasts forever ! -LRB- i 'm finally starting to run a little low on the mineral veil , almost ten months later . -RRB- i do use a seperate cream concealer for under-eye circles , but otherwise my skin is usually clear -- i do spend a lot of time outside -LRB- and i usually forget to add sunscreen to my moisturizer -RRB- and i 've found the SPF to be very helpful . never having used a liquid foundation , i ca n't compare , but i can say that it feels good on my skin -- and by good , i mean it feels like there 's nothing there at all !
 This foundation works really well , it 's really great and you should really try it . A bit messy but worth it .
 Im not the type of person who wears foundation , I actually use to hate that caked on feeling that I would feel when I wore foundation , and I would get clammy . So , I would always see the informercials for Bare Escentuals and I never bought into them because I 'm complete skeptic . Not too long ago , I went to a Bare Escentuals boutique in Paramus , NJ and actually took the time to get a consultation . The girl there was around my age and had gorgeous skin . She showed me what to apply , how to apply it and how to look natural . The trick is to use the Skin rev-er upper in the starter kits . This works , I love it .
 Thank you , product was perfect . There are so many fakes out there , I have used this product for years . I will be back !
 Bare Escentuals Foundation works great for women of color tooMy complexion is a little lighter then Oprah -LRB- Winfrey -RRB- , about average brown and I 'm wowed by Bare Escentuals Foundation in `` Warm Tan '' . It applies easily , matches my skin tone , has better coverage then my liquid and feels like your not wearing it . `` I GET IT ... `` I 've been wearing liquid makeup for many years on my oily , sensitive , large pored , tendency to break out skin , hating it . But , since I wanted coverage for under eye darkness and discoloration after acne healing , etc I continued this sad arduous process every day.I apply the Bare Escentuals Foundation after washing with a pore cleansing wash and applying toner . I then use a moisturizer -LRB- Always use a moisturizer or primer for your particular skin type under the Bare Escentuals Foundation . Bare Escentuals `` bareVitamins - Skin Rev-er Upper '' is a little too harsh for me due to my skin regimen -RRB- , make sure it 's fully absorbed , then swirl , tap and buff.The coverage is better then my liquid makeup , cover stick and pressed makeup compact put together because it stays on until I take it off -LRB- usually at the end of a 12 to 14 hour work day -RRB- , and I 'm not blending anything in with my fingers or sponges . What a relief . I do n't fight with my makeup anymore.I was n't a believer over night . Since I did n't have time to visit a Sephora salon I ordered a total of three different Bare Escentuals Foundation colors -LRB- `` Deep '' , `` Dark '' and `` Warm Deep '' , although the names sound dark the graphics online looked like a match -RRB- before I found a match for my skin tone . The more I swirled , tapped and buffed , the darker those three colors became with a silvery sheen . I was ready to give up but the fourth skin tone color was the winner . I can swirl , tap and buff the `` Warm Tan '' Bare Escentuals Foundation until I 've covered all my imperfections and achieve an even toned look and the color still matches my skin.I blot my skin of excess oil several times a day and I initially had no compact to carry the Bare Escentuals Foundation so I was amazed that most of the makeup stayed on my skin and it looked great.This was not the case with my liquid makeup even when used with my pressed makeup compact.I now have the Bare Escentuals `` Flawless Face Case '' to carry the Bare Escentuals `` Tinted Mineral Veil '' for a translucent matte finish over the Bare Escentuals Foundation after blotting excess oil away.I can recommend Bare Escentuals Foundation to anyone who wants makeup that has great coverage , stays on until you take it off , and feels like your not wearing makeup at all . It never clogs my pores and after just a few weeks my skin feels so much smoother and looks better.The key is finding the correct foundation color.I find that some people that do n't think the coverage is great may have a BE foundation that is too dark or light for there skin tone . So they are less likely to use as much as they may like to hide any imperfections.I would suggest going into a Sephora salon to have the foundation color applied or ask to buff some foundation colors on the back of your fist . This way you can see the skin tone color you feel comfortable with.Also go to Sephora 's website to see examples of all the Bare Escentuals Foundation skin tone colors.I like BE foundation because no other makeup has ever made me look this good . I get compliments all the time now.I have researched other brands of loose foundation makeup and find they have a limited product line . Women of color come in so many different complexions ; some of these other companies only have 5 or so skin tone colors available.I also feel better using a well known product I can order from Sephora or Amazon . Should I have any problems or complaints a successful company will be more likely to take care of me .
 After hearing good reviews from my sister , I recently purchase a Bare Escentuals -LRB- BE -RRB- starter kit . I was excited about the possibility of such easy makeup application ; however , I was VERY skeptical that I would be able to conceal eye circles , scarring , and blemishes with foundation powder and a special concealer brush . Yeah Right ! I was fully convinced that if I liked the mineral makeup , I would use the foundation powder but still have to carry my trusty liquid concealer.Imagine my surprise after the first application to find that not only was the foundation light and comfortable , but the `` special '' concealer brush ACTUALLY WORKED ! I did n't even have to use a separate concealer color -LRB- I am very pale , so most concealers are darker than my skin tone rather than the recommended lighter concealer color -RRB- , I just used the same foundation powder color , and my face looked truly FLAWLESS!All I had to do was apply all my face makeup -LRB- foundation , bronzer , blush , finishing powder `` Mineral Veil '' -RRB- and use the concealer brush to dot and blend foundation powder on blemishes/circles/etc as the last step . -LRB- Some people apply concealer prior to other face makeup , but that did n't work great for me . Also , I know they tell you to apply light layers and buff completely , but this is TRULY the trick to mineral makeup application . Plus , using just a tiny bit makes the product last a LONG time , which allows me to feel a little better about spending so much money on makeup . -RRB- I was AMAZED at how much coverage the `` powder '' provided -LRB- the mineral makeup foundation is a very creamy powder , but that was a pleasant surprise as well , as it provides much more coverage than a standard loose powder -RRB- while still feeling light , comfortable , and natural . I am finding that the application of mineral products is just getting easier and easier , and my skin tone has improved dramatically over the last couple weeks of using such a natural product.The coverage is truly amazing , and at least for me , it stays put pretty much all day . I also doubted that the SPF 15 could really protect my face , especially since my pale skin burns REALLY easily . But after a day in the sun having forgotten sunscreen , my shoulders were burned , but my face was burn-free . INCREDIBLE!I realize that mineral products do not work as well for every person/skin-type , but I highly recommend trying mineral makeup -LRB- either BE , very well known , or Everyday Minerals , who offer a free sample kit -RRB- as a more natural makeup choice with surprisingly full coverage . ABSOLUTELY AMAZING !!!
 I am an african american woman -LRB- see the customer photos . I love this stuff so much I even posted one of me WITHOUT makeup . also , I use the Deep BE foundation -RRB- . It 's always been really hard to find foundation for my skin tone because I am brown skinned , but because my mother is fair skinned , I also have really yellow undertones . Makeup is either too ashy or too red . I also have really oily skin and am prone to breakouts . Bare Minerals is heaven sent !! When I first started wearing makeup it was always really thick -LRB- Think
 I have oily skin , but this stuff is great . My pores look smaller and it does not cause break outs . I recommend this make up to everyone . It does not look like I am even wearing make up , but my skin tone is even . Great product !
 i AM 60 YRS OLD AND HAVE USING THIS PRODUCT FOR SEVERAL MONTHS . I HAVE USED ALOT OF EXPENSIVE BRANDS OVER THE YEARS AND THIS IS THE FIRST TIME THAT A FOUNDATION LOOKS NATURAL . ANOTHER REVIEWER SAID SHE WAS A LITTLE OLDER AND THAT IT CAKED AROUND HER EYES . IF APPLIED PROPERLY IT IS WONDERFUL . LAST ALL DAY AND IS EASILY REMOVED . HIGHLY RECOMMEND ... JUST CHANGE COLORS AS YOU WOULD FASHIONS FOR THE SEASONS .
 I 've been using foundation since 10th grade -LRB- I 'm 25 now -RRB- , not for its own sake but because I have extremely oily skin and a blotchy complexion that needs evening out . Starting at the age of 15 I tried Clinique , Clarins , Estee Lauder , and Shiseido foundations , none of which was completely satisfactory . Some brands I had to reapply within hours ; others did n't adequately cover up shine . Sometimes the makeup just went on too chalky or pancake-y . Three years ago my mom introduced me to Bare Escentuals ID , which she told me was great for her oily skin . WELL . I 've been using it ever since and I will never go back . The `` medium 2.3 '' shade is a perfect match for my skin tone , and the powder goes on flawlessly and STAYS that way . In the morning I apply foundation followed by mineral veil ; come nightfall there 's still no trace of shine and I have n't had to reapply once . It evens out my complexion , hides my large pores , and does n't make itself obvious in the least . I 've never received so many compliments on my `` flawless '' skin!It 's true that this product can be quite messy to apply . Swishing and tapping the brush leaves a film of powder all over everything and wastes the product . All things considered , however , I feel this is a small price to pay . -LRB- Another reviewer suggested that people who post favorable reviews of this product are employees of the manufacturer . I 'm not . -RRB-
 I ordered this for my daughter as a Christmas gift . I ordered it a little later than I should have ... but we had it in time . My daughter loves the Bare Mineral products .
 Excellent deal compared to store prices . Surprised I found what I was looking for . Hope that I will be able to find this again in the future .
 I LOVE My bareMinerals !! I love this price even more ! Great product - great seller ! This makeup is great for those of us who do n't want to look like you 're wearing makeup . If you need extra coverage apply more . Makeup that breaths . Awesome ! I order some for my mom !
 The last BareMinerals I ordered was Matte , I ran out so I ordered some more not realizing it was n't the Matte . This is good but I definitely prefer the Matte . I really like bareminerals for my skin which is pretty clear , not oily , not dry , just regular . It works good for me .
 I have been using this foundation for nearly 5 years & I hope I 'll never have to find a new foundation again . In the past , I 've used Bobbi Brown , Mary Kay , Smashbox , and a half dozen other brands that never really looked great on my skin . I could n't ever seem to find a color that matched my fair skintone ... everything was either too pale or too orange-y and the texture was either too greasy or too cake-y . I have combination skin , and at 35 , I still have the occasional blemish . I wear the Fairly Light shade of BE foundation & it blends into my skin seamlessly & makes it look fresh & smooth & blemish free . I love the Click & Lock containers they have now because it keeps things much more tidy , especially when traveling . I also use the `` Well Rested '' powder for my dark under-eye circles & then put the foundation on top , followed by `` Promise '' blush for a touch of natural looking , healthy color . Perfection ! In the summertime , I tend to prefer a bare face , so I wear Mineral Veil usually by itself . I love it all & recommend it to all my make-up wearing friends & family .
 I got this product from Ulta in Golden Deep and I love it . At first I was a bit skeptical because I was worried it would work with my skin tone , plus my skin gets oily and I have old acne scars . This product covers my blemishes well and only needs like one application for me for when I wear it to school -LRB- 6-7 hours -RRB- . It makes my face look natural and blemish free . I usually top it off with someTarte Smooth Operator -LRB- TM -RRB- Micronized Clay Finishing Powder with PM20 -LRB- TM -RRB- Translucent Whiteto ease the shine off of my nose since I useBio-Oil , 2-Ounce Bottleto help get rid of some discoloration on my face.I hope all future users at least go to a store and try this on before buying to make sure the product is right for you because what 's right for a friend may not be good for you . I hope everyone who buys enjoys .
 The reason I started ordering Bare Escentuals through Amazon is because it is 20 % cheaper and I do not pay shipping . Living in the south with continuous humidity you certainly need a product that will not make you feel any stickier and this does the job 100 % .
 So i 'm 24 with sensitive , dry , light-medium skin . Bare Minerals was my first and only foundation I 've used . it covers my blotchy and red cheeks , freckles , blackheads , AND lasts all day -LRB- with the Mineral Veil -RRB- Here 's my daily routine that worked for me : - I wash my face + moisturize at night -LRB- if i do in the morning it gets dry and flaky -RRB- - in the morning , i use my Prime Time Primer , and leave on for a minute while doing other stuff-Then I use my Maximum Coverage Concealer Brush with my bisque concealer and put over any red areas-I then use that concealer brush with my BareMinerals Matte Medium-light foundation on my nose -LRB- the regular one made my face shiny -RRB- - Then i use my handy buki brush for putting my foundation all over-And finish off with the mineral veil with the same handy buki brush.Lasts all day -LRB- until night -RRB- , and does n't irritate my sensitive skin , i would definitely recommend it .
 I have always been a MAC girl , However one of my friends introduced me to Bare Escentuals about three years ago . I can not live without out this line of makeup -LRB- although for a night out on the town i still use MAC I wear Bare Escentuals daily , I do have very picky skin and it is hard to find make up that does not make me break out . I can sleep in this makeup and have no worries in the morning when I wake up except that i forgot to wash my face -RRB- I have tried other mineral makeup from knock off brands to other well known brands and none of them go on as light weight and smooth as does bare escentuals . Other brands do not last as long either . I highly recommend this product . If you havent tried it . You should !!
 I have naturally rosey cheeks and I hate it . I hated wearing liquid foundation over my whole face because when you sweat or wipe your face with a napkin or something it smears or comes off and it just feels horrible on your skin all day . That is why I LOVE Bare Escentuals Foundation . The Medium color perfectly covers my skin evenly and say goodbye to horrible orange lines under your chin because this blends beautifully . I will buy this forever !
 I 've been using this for years and it 's the only kind of makeup I can wear . It 's drying though , so be sure to use moisturizer -LRB- I use the very cheap Cerave from the drug store , it does n't irritate me -RRB- .
 Best face makeup I 've ever used . Kind of expensive , but worth the money . Applied 8 hours ago , and my face still feels very clean ! Blends well ! Love it !
 I love this makeup . I have been using it faithfully for four years . My face looks so much better when i use this.It is so smooth and not heavy like some makeup .
 I 've been using Bare Escentuals bareMinerals Foundation for about 3-4 years now , and I still love it as much as I did when I first tried it on ! I love that it does n't feel like I 'm wearing `` goop '' on my face -LRB- like it does when I wear liquid foundation -RRB- . Like others have said , you feel great when you wear it because it actually feels like you are wearing no makeup at all ! Plus , the price is great and the shipping is even faster .
 Perfect shade ; perfect looking skin ... I do n't wear that much makeup because I do n't want to go around looking like the Real Housewives of Wherever ; it not only gives me the spf protection I need but it also creates this glow on my skin that I ca n't ever seem to get from any other product . I 'm a Bare Escentuals user for life !
 This is the best foundation I have used and have been using it for about 5 + years . It has made a huge difference in my acne prone skin and it has great coverage .
 Not quite as smooth as the original , but still works well . I really like the increased color options , this shade matches much closer than the original light .
 Arrived promptly and in great condition . The packaging was a bit large , but other than that no complaints . The foundation container is new to me , and it has a lid to keep the powder in the holding chamber , kind of like the lid to a spice jar . It works pretty will.Definitely recommend this seller and would buy again . Ca n't beat that price !
 I have dry skin and I have been using B.E mineral foundation for 3 years.I have tried other foundations and they either did not cover or did not cover as well and made my face dry.I hate the feel of liquid foundation.I will always use B.E. Foundation .
 I love Bare Minerals products and the foundation is a must have product that I always keep on hand .
 I higly recommend the Bare Escentuals make-up products . They go on light , are almost invisible on the face , but give excellent coverage . Just make sure you get the color that most perfectly blends with your skin and neck tones and you 'll be fine .
 I am a big fan of the Bare Escentuals make-up and this foundation does everything it promises .
 This is by far the best foundation I 've ever used . I used to use liquid foundation . I had a very difficult time matching liquid foundation to my skin tone . It always came out looking too pink or too yellow . Also , I have dry skin , so using liquid foundation and rubbing it on my face would cause my skin to flake.Thank goodness I found bare minerals ! This make up blends like none other ! It blends perfectly to match any skin tone . It 's very light as well , and brushes on with ease . No flaking for my skin anymore , no harsh rubbing . Your skin feels fresh all day long . Also , it never looks like it is caked on . It 's easy to use and looks great everytime . Yes , it costs more than the liquid foundations I would buy at the pharmacy , but it 's worth it . It lasts a long time as well !
 This product is perfect for the girl who wants a light make-up that will still cover blemishes up . I love how smooth it makes my skin feel and how it NEVER clogs my pores . Application is quick , easy , and never messy . I recommend that everyone try this product .
 I have tried the `` knockoffs '' . They can not compare with the real thing . Bare Escentuals bareMinerals covers better and goes on smoother . Others really stand out and can be seen on the face . Bare Escentuals covers nicely and does n't make your face look powdery .
 This makeup not only helps me to look my best , but the sunscreen helps me to stay healthy byavoiding the harmful UV rays that not only leadto cancer , but also age the skin . A great product .
 I started to wear Bare Minerals in October . After a few days , I noticed that I was getting some bad dry patches on my skin especially around my eyes . I called Bare Essentuals and asked them what I was doing wrong . They suggested to use their Skin Rev-er Upper and a moisterizer including an eye moisterizer . Let the moisturizer soak into your skin for a few minutes then apply the mineral foundation . I found that this tip worked wonders for me!For those of you who had a bad experience with the product , I think you should try it again ! Also , For those of you who say it brought out lines and wrinkles , Try using less of the product , make sure you swirl until you ca n't see any of the product on the brush , Tap a few times to get excess product off the brush , and buff around your face before getting the interior nose and cheeks . If you still do n't see the result you want , then reapply with another thin layer . I found that sometimes i had to do two layers to get a nice even skintone .
 Every Bare Escentuals product I 've ever used has been terrific . I 've been using this foundation for at least 5 years . It feels great on my face - in fact , it does n't feel like I 'm wearing foundation at all ! It lasts all day , too . I never liked my skin or my skin tone . But since using Bare Escentuals , I love my skin . I get more compliments now then I did when I was in my 20 's . I 'm in my 50 's . I never look made up and I never have the foundation line along the chin . I 'll never use liquid foundation again .
 This product is so easy to use and gives such full coverage that I have recommended to all the women in my family ! The feeling is so light and knowing that I have sunscreen protection just makes me love it more !
 I ca n't believe I 've wasted my money on messy , fake looking liquid foundations all my life . Bare Escentuals is natural looking , and covers any imperfections very well . I do like to combine it with the bisque for maximum coverage .
 Bare Minerals is by far the best makeup I 've ever used . Shipping from Sephora was prompt but I sure would appreciate an email telling me it 's on the way . I will buy again and again .
 I have been wearing this for about a year now and am a foundation-a-holic . It does feel better than any foundation I have ever worn . It is so light and it does not feel cakey at all . Only problem I have with it is the lack of coverage it provides for those of us with adult acne . If you have acne , and want to cover it up , you will still have to use a liquid concealer underneath this make-up . Revlon liquid concealor works very well if you just dab it on the red spots and then brush the bare minerals over it . I also have VERY oily skin and have found this to be a wonderful product for that . If you have acne prone , oily skin I would highly recommend this product , but you should be aware that it will not cover the acne as well as some people claim . All in all , it 's the best foundation I 've ever used and would recommend it highly . I would also recommend Clean and Clear oil blotting tissues for my oily skinned friends . You can buy them at Wal-Mart and they are wonderful . My skin becomes very oily only one half hour after I wash it , so these are great for just soaking up the excess oil . Just hold the tissues on your face for about 5-10 seconds and they remove the oil without removing your make-up . I like to dust the Bare Minerals Mineral Veil over my face after using the oil blotting tissues . It makes you feel like you just washed your face . Good luck ladies ... buy it , you really will love it !
 I will never go back to ordinary makeup . It is just like my own skin , only better . If it ever goes public , I am buying stock , too .
 This make-up is fast , easy and looks great on . Yes , it is spendy and is a powder that could get messy but for me it did what it said it would . I truly look great after a 5 minute application . I am over thrity , with combonation skin , some redness and uneven tone . If one follows the directions the coverage is good and does not look like a mask . This product is also good for your skin and does not irritate or clog pores .
 I 'd only dabbled in foundations before getting a makeover done using Bare Escentuals products . The last liquid foundation I used was Clinique , so not bad stuff , but it still does not compare to bareMinerals AT ALL . This stuff is great , I 'm hooked , and I 'll probably use it for the rest of my life even though I 've never really worn makeup before .
 I LOVE this product . I have been using BE for two years now and wo n't switch until I get older and notice it effecting my fine lines . I also use the blush , and eye shadows . But I would recommend using the eye shadows with a eye shadow cream . I use FYEye by Benefit . The colors will stick and not sit in your creases with it.However , the Foundation is for younger people . If you have super oily skin , large pores , lots of fine lines or wrinkels , acne , or rough skin -- BUY ANOTHER PRODUCT ! You will be much happier if you do.It is great at enhancing already great skin , but if you have more than one-two zits a month ... it 's not a good choice . I am 22 and so far it works great , I have a super , super faint smile line near my eye that I can tell the foundation sinks into a tad if I do n't prep my skin properly . So I imagine that it will accentuate peoples lines if I can notice my little one more with foundation on.But otherwise a great product .
 Best stuff ever made . Really . Its fun , its easy , but best of all it looks GREAT !
 spreads evenly on my skinit is really softprotects me against the sun 's rays
 I must admit that I doubted this product could live up to the adverstisement , but it really does . I have roseaca with lots of spider veins and a six-month-old surgery scar on my cheek , and BM covers very well without the look or feel of any foundation . My skin now looks completely unpainted and blemish-free . It can even cover a psoriasis spot along my hairline , which is a tough customer . I thought that MAC Studio Fix Powder Plus was as good a product that I could find , but this is much better at the same price . I 've always been self-conscious about my complextion , but not any more !
 i have extremely sensitive skin and i 've always broken out with acne for most of my life . But my skins not even and oily and dry patches . But as soon as i started using bareminerals honestly i feel so much better because i dont break out and the mineral veil helps with the oil but my skin looks so much better ! i can be proud and happy the first time in my life my skin looks great . I wanted to post because there were a few bad reviews on how sensitive skinned people shouldnt use it , but i know i have very sensitive skin and i love it . . i will never stop using bareminerals . So instead of listening to others just try it for yourself its not a waste of money and you can learn first hand if it works for you or not , because personally it works miracles for me . I 'm much more confident and happy , something works for sensitive skin !
 I have been using Bare Escentuals for about a year and a half now and I absolutely have fallen in love with it . In that year and a half , I am just now finishing up my 3rd container of the foundation and I wear it everyday . So one thing to keep in mind when considering the cost is that it does last for quite a long time . One thing that I did n't like at first is that it seemed to dry out my skin quite badly -LRB- and I had oily skin -RRB- . So to counteract that I started washing and moisturizing my face before applying and that got rid of all the overdrying affects . My skin had so many acne problems , but after using it for awhile , it has greatly helped my skin . It is not near as oily as it used to be , and I only get breakouts about once a month . It evens out my skin tone while still looking very natural and not cakey or fake . I absolutely love it !
 this product definitely delivers . its a lightweight foundation powder that conceals and accentuates . i find that by end of day it can tend to get a little greasy/worn off , but by and large still holds better than any other foundation ive used . ill definitely continue to use this product .
 This is the first foundation that I have every used regularly . I have dry sensitive skin so I stay away from most products . This is not only easy to wear but I found perfect color match for my pale complexion .
 It is light and has good coverage . It is not a perfect skin match though , so it takes a little longer to apply . I do like this product though !
 This is the best makeup I have ever used . It covers imperfections well and feels as though you have nothing on your face .
 The ID Bare Minerals Make-Up is fantastic . You get great coverage with a total natural look . I find if I 'm to lazy to take it off at night it does n't bother my face with breakouts
 I simply love Bare Escentuals foundation its amazing and constantly get compliments on my skin , I feel its not that awesome to get as many compliments as I do . I 'm actually a former Bare Escentuals employee and still use all their face products .
 great product . smooth , light and oil free . great for hot summers . might need a moisturizer underneath in winter , can be a tad dry looking without some primer of some sort . keeps pores clean . coverage can be built upon .
 I am so glad that I purchased this product
 Wonderful product . Only makeup I will put on my face . Once you use BE you will be hooked for life .
 This foundation covers without looking like you have any makeup on . However your skin looks smooth and flawless . I do n't like the heavy look and this gives me the look I want .
 i absolutely love bare minerals foundation , it feels natural and it looks awesome . i have been using it for at least 5 years now and i 'm really happy with the product.also it lasts forever cause you only have to use a little at a time . i will never use any other make up !
 This is such a great product ! It lasts all day without having to touch up and it 's very natural looking . Started using this about a year ago and I 'm hooked .
 This is perfect , and exactly the same as what I purchased at Sephora a year ago and cheaper than what I remember from buying my last product at Sephora . I have been using it for a few years and does a wonderful job and looks natural . It also comes in a cute pink bag :-RRB- .
 I have been using bare minerals for a while now and get less breakouts . I also have smoother skin . The coverage is very light so I recommend a good concealer . Otherwise I love this stuff !
 The item was as described . my issue is not with the seller but with the product itself . As with everything the packaging is smaller and now with this new click lock and go sifter you ca n't actually get all of the product out of the container . Soooooo much is wasted .
 I used Bare Minerals for a couple of years and then switched to liquid foundation and recently switched back to mineral foundation . I am so happy that I did ! I love how natural this looks and feels . My skin has cleared up as a result of this as well . Very happy with this product .
 Fast delivery , stocked up so I do n't have to run to the store every time I run out . Love this color , I mixed it with face cream and it looks great .
 I bought this on Amazon after finding it to be more expensive at Ulta . I love how quickly I can apply makeup in the morning using this . The coverage is great without feeling super heavy or thick .
 Nice clean finish , looks natural on the face and does not clog pours . I could sleep in it if I wanted to !
 This is great as a light foundation . It evens out skin tone , and does not look like you 're wearing makeup . It is not good at covering up pimples or other more prominent blemishes , however it is not made for that . It is good at setting cover up though . Right after I started using it , I got many compliments on how nice my skin was looking recently .
 PRODUCT CAME IN PERFECT CONDITION . JUST WHAT I ORDERED . IT WAS THE SHADE I WANTED AND WAS STILL SEALED WITH A PROTECTIVE CLIP , UNOPENED .
 My order was delivered promptly and professionally as promised by the seller . BareMinerals foundation is a lightweight and exceptional product than no woman should be without ! If you follow the instructions , you will be totally satisfied with your results .
 I bought this product for the first time a year ago ... My daughter is a tom boy and never wears make up ... She decided to let me apply this for her graduation and could not believe how it felt and made her look ... Her classmates could not believe how beautiful and flawless she looked ... We both continue to wear this as there is nothing else that feels and looks so natural ... I am surprised at the people that are disappointed as we could not be more happier with it ... I too have acne scares and found this to be a wonderful cover !
 I just buy what my daughter likes as gift this Christmas.She has used many different mineral make-up and always goesback to this one .
 I received this product in a timely manner . The price was great.Will buy from this seller again .
 Fast shipping . Store bought quality . Wish it was newer case which prevents spilling , but it is original case that I 'm use to using .
 I adore this product and recommend it to all my friends . It 's very natural-looking , while still covering up some spots or uneven coloring on your face that you do n't want shown!Love it !!
 Last forever , looks totally natural , feels like silk and covers everything . I ca n't imagine using anything else .
 I got a free sample of this foundation and I love it , you ca n't tell your wearing anything at all . Its light weight , comfortable , and does n't come off on clothing . I would recommend this product to all my friends and family .
 This product is amazing ! I had lots of pimples but when I tried this product , within the first 2 weeks my pimples were disappearing like angry costumers who did n't get served on a restaurant ! LMAO xDYou 'll be surprised what it can do to your skin ! And this foundation is not very obvious like other products . . I ABSOLUTELY RECOMMEND THIS WONDERFUL PRODUCT for everybody ! Its a nice sunscreen whenever its sunny and you can sleep with this makeup on !
 Time and again this is the best foundation I 've ever used . Great product , not too expensive , always get compliments on my skin when I 'm wearing it .
 I buy this brand all the time . It is the best ! Buying here saved me about $ 5 . Thanks !
 This is the only makeup I use , feels like silk and like not wearing makeup but looks great !
 Let me just say that every sunscreen breaks my sensitive skin out , but I love this product . It does not break me out in hives , rash or acne like all other SPF products . The fairly light is good for my very light skin . I thought I would need the lightest -LRB- fair -RRB- one , but the sales rep told me it would be too light -LRB- surprising -RRB- , but she was right . If I had bought lighter I would look like a ghost . So , great for pale skin.It covers up my red cheeks . It is soft and smooth and my skin just feels great . It stays on most of the day -LRB- unlike the concealer , which wears off much more quickly on me -RRB- . It is great to finally find an spf product that my skin loves ! My next trial will be their spf powder sunscreen .
 Best Makeup I have ever used , I would never wear anything else . I have very light skin and it is very sensitive . This works for me on both counts and looks very natural .
 I will NEVER go back to liquid foundation ever ever again . This is perfect and leaves me with a flawless face . Love it , love it , love it !!!
 I have been using this product for a few years now and I have n't used any other makeup since then . Perfect color on my skin , and hides my imperfections without leaving my skin oily .
 I love this make up , the container was larger than I expected . I would recommend this to anyone who really does n't like makeup .
 I have been using Bare Minerals foundation for about 4 years . Everytime I use it , I get compliments on how beautiful my skin is . It is so natural looking that I do n't look like I 'm wearing makeup . It is so light that I do n't feel like I 'm wearing makeup . This product works so well for me that I 'm a loyal customer for life .
 I bought bareminerals like a month ago at ulta and I 'm very happy with the results . As a latino woman with tan skin tone , sometimes is really hard to find tones that look good on my skin and do n't look like I 'm wearing a mask , and this product did it for me !!! . I wear it everyday and my skin looks flawless it covers all the redness ! I get so many complements from co-workers and relatives . I also got the eyes kit and works fantastic too.The only thing I am not crazy about is that it could be a little messy -LRB- I have to clean my sink every time I use it -RRB- .
 I ordered Bare Escentuals not really believing it would be much different than other foundations and concealers . Boy , was I wrong . It feels light and comfortable on my skin and does n't look fake likes some foundations do . The result is very natural looking . And it conceals the occasional blemish surprisingly well . I 'm not big with makeup because of the way most of it feels , but this one 's a keeper because it 's so much easier and more effective than anything I 've ever tried . If you get the starter kit , be sure to watch the instruction DVD ... seems kind of weird to have to watch a DVD to learn how to put makeup on , but it 's helpful for learning how not to use too much inadvertently .
 I use BE Light foundation , and it matches my skin almost perfectly . I never look like I have a different color neck or anything , and I had a BE consultation at a local salon and spa to match my color to make sure it was the right shade for me . I use the Prime Time primer before putting on my BE ... it makes a world of difference in coverage . I used just BE foundation for a year with a regular moisturizer , and it did n't look nearly as good as it does now using less powder with the Prime Time . It makes my skin feel creamy and not heavy at all . I still feel like I am hardly wearing any make-up . Oh , and I have a tendency to get oily in the T-zone during the day from my make-up being on all day -LRB- if I wear liquid foundations -RRB- ... no problem with BE make-up . Less grease on my face , less breakouts and better skin . It 's so good.Four stars because it 's a tad expensive .
 I have been using this product for many years now . It is the best foundation I have used . It takes just a small amount for full coverage and that means it lasts for a long time before having to buy a new one . I do n't think I will ever switch to another product any time soon !
 But it does cover well , and lasts on even in the summer ... Purchasing through Amazon is easy and my shipments always arrive early .
 I have problem skin -- breakouts , and splotchy red spots -- that I hate , and this is the first foundation I 've ever found that actually covers it -LRB- not just makes it lighter -RRB- , and makes it look like I have flawless skin -- AND it 's not cakey or fake-looking . It makes you look like you have NATURALLY beautiful skin . To top it off , it 's actually good for your skin , too . I love it , and I 'll never switch back to the old garbage I used to use .
 I recently went into the B.E. store here in Connecticut and was pleased to find a knowledgeable employee to help me with this purchase . The product does n't cake and stays amazingly well through the day . I change clothes often and it does n't rub off . My skin has improved as well , after using it every day for 2 weeks . I 'll never go back to liquid concealer . The SPF was a big selling point for me and my fair skin and knocked one step off my regimen .
 i have been using bare escentuals for two years now and i 've seen my skin improve dramatically . I tried a different mineral foundation once and it broke my skin out so i went back to BM . The best
 After reading some of the negative comments posted on Amazon , I thought I would input my experience with Bare Minerals . I have used the product for a little over a year now and it is still the best makeup I have ever found . I have problematic , acne-prone skin , and since using this product , my skin looks better than ever and my acne problems have gotten better . As always , when trying new makeup , you should test it to make sure you are not allergic . I highly recommend this product and hope everyone can be as satisfied with their makeup as I am with Bare Minerals .
 I love bare minerals , just needed some more and I had a reward certificate ! Thanks Amazon !
 I worked as an assistant makeup artist on the set of Current TV and the hosts loved the Bare Minerals , they liked it because it was light and gave them a lot of coverage . It also looked natural under the hot lights . So if you want a light foundation that does not look heavy I would suggest buying this product .
 I am 55 and have been using bare minerals for a few weeks . My daughter -LRB- 25 -RRB- suggested I try it . I am really great at taking care of my skin , and was happy with my other major dept store brand . I decided to get a starter kit . I really like the end result . It seemed horrible to add powder to my face ... at my age , but this foundation was not drying at all . I especially like the well rested for my dark undereyes . I recommend this product !
 Ok I used to use liquid foundation & was hesitant to make the switch but am now so thankful I did ! I have been using BE for approx . 6 years & will never go back ! New users keep in mind that when first using this make up , practice , swirl , tap & blend , is THE KEY ! The right brushes help big time too ! When applying use a circular motion & remember to brush w/downward strokes , because using an upward motion makes the product `` clog '' in the pores & it simply looks better when you use downward circular strokes , BLEND BLEND BLEND !!!!
 Bare Escentuals bareMinerals SPF 15 FoundationLet me explain my situation
 I love this makeup I feel and look younger . I have pretty rough skin with a lot of pores and lines and when i put this makeup on , although it does n't cover all my blemishes , it really helps me to feel fresh .
 I really , really wanted to like this product when I bought it , but I HATED it ! It made me look terrible ! This is creeepy to say , but I looked like a corpse made up for a funeral . I was pasty and cakey . It made my pores look huge . It accentuated every line , blemish , and flaw I had . There was also this incredibly weird shininess . I was determined to like this stuf though and kept trying different things . After much time and much money I finally solved my problem . I was wearing the wrong color . I have extremely pale skin with a lot of redness . The fair was way too light and the fairly light and light were way too yellow . There is no way that someone as white as me should have moved up yet another shade , but out of desperation I bought the medium shade thinking I could mix it with a lighter shade . On a whim I tried the medium without mixing it and I 'm thrilled to say its perfect . My face is flawless . I now love , love , love this stuff . I 'm hooked ! For all of you having problems with it keep trying . It 's worth it !
 I 've been using this for years and love , love love it ! It 's has the best coverage of anything I have found and no one even knows that you are wearing makeup !!!
 I am pleased and surprised at how nice the coverage is on this mineral foundation . I was a skeptic but now I 'm a believer . I recommend this product to others .
 This makeup is amazing and makes my skin look flawless . I highly recommend it to anyone looking for coverage that looks minimal , but transforms your skin and diminishes the look of imperfections .
 i am new to demeter fragrances . this is my frist bottle . It smells nice but i was expecting a lil more banna scent . my son thinks it smells like cupcakes :-RRB- . i still wear it . love it . and i will cont . to buy demeter fragrance libary products
 I started buying FA in Germany and I got my friends hooked on it . Now they do n't want any other bubble bath .
 Excellent product , goes on fast and easy and looks completely natural.I used a shade just a little lighter than my own which made for some beautiful highlights .
 although i 'm 67 years old and have many many wrinkles and lok very old my hair looks like i 'm 12 years old . . kinda lookin odd now that i think about it ... wonder if people notice i 'm very old with zero gray hairs
 Love this scent and it lasts on your skin so a little goes a long way . I highly recommend it !
 I used to use gells and all that other good stuff to do my hair in the morning . But nothing works as well as this stuff does . The wax stick gives easier , faster , results . With this stuff my hair goes right where I want it , and it does n't leave that greasy look . I also found out from a day at the shore that it is also waterproof . Great for short to medium length hair . I wo n't buy anything else again .
 This product is the best option for short hair . I 've tried loads of gels , pomades , waxes and this is the only one . I would highly recommend it - it works really well . You only need a small amount so the stick lasts for months and months so it 's also really good value for money .
 I 've found this stuff to work great for both short and long hair -LRB- .5 to 3 inches give or take -RRB- . This product is essentially waterproof to where you 'll need to shampoo your hair once or twice to get most of it out . I like this especially because my hair 's kinda hard to style , but this seems to work best . Additionally , it will keep it 's form for a few days practically even if you wear a motorcycle helmet or something else that would otherwise mess it up .
 This stuff is great for shorter hair . A little more expensive than competitors , but well worth the price . Other brands of hair wax do n't handle temperatures over 95 degrees well , but BedHead keeps holding . Very waterproof as well . One stick provides enough for about 3-5 months of daily application on hair 1 - 2 inches long . I do n't apply very much , but I can still contol my hair and keep it looking natural at the same time . Only con is that you may have to shampoo your hair twice every few days just to completely remove the product - a testament to how durable the hold is . Again I have been disappointed everytime I have tried a cheaper alternative .
 I used LA Looks piece-it wax stick for years . It has since been discontinued and I was forced to find a substitute . TIGI is the best I have found so far ; however , it still does not compare to LA Looks wax stick .
 This product lasts for a long time . Only problem is that rubbing it on your hair can sometimes rip out hairs , but besides that it is great for going out to a bar or club and sweat does n't seem to phase it .
 I recently started having my hair weaved in July 2006 , after a long hiatus from chemicals , dyes , etc. . I actually had went back to a ` texturizer ' after four years with just a pressing comb and a prayer . Being that I live in hot-hot-hot Sacramento and I was experiencing night sweats , the comb had to GO ! Whenever I am in between touch ups and my edges are a little on the unruly side , my stylist David , applies this stick ! Voila - no more unruly edges . The best part of it - no residue , no stickiness , no hardening -LRB- like gel -RRB- . You can comb through it w/softness and ease w/out compromise . Even when your hair has not been washed , like a week or so later , still no residue . And remember , a little goes a long way ! No harsh ` medicinal ' smells either . Well worth every penny !
 My husband is so picky with his hair products and this is the perfect mixture to keep your hair in place without being hard .
 Great stuff . I finish my blowdries with it . Makes the ends look really sculpted , great forshowing off layers !
 This is one of the easiest to use hair styling products on the market . In my job am putting on and taking off headsets and flight helmets all the time but I like to have a spiked look to my hair and how I do that look changes with how long I let it get . This hair stick lets me have a look that bounces right back even after wearing a helmet for a few hours or working out and does n't get icky or stick in weird positions . It is a flexible hold that lasts and my girlfriend does n't mind running her fingers through . The wax option is great for people who travel a lot and do n't want to mess with taking gels through security all the time . It 's clean , simple , and a travelers dream . 5 stars !
 This stuff makes my hair look thicker and holds it in place pretty well . Though other products do the same thing for cheap , I 'm always told that the texture this gives is far superior and I have n't had a girlfriend let me use anything else . Smells good too.This is the best price I 've found , but its still quite pricey . Similar products are about $ 3 for the same weight in Kmart .
 Stila Lip Glaze is perfect for a shiny yet moisturizing lip glaze . I just wish it was n't so expensive . The taste is n't all that great and I 'm not sure why there are some complaints about the way the tube works . You just turn the bottom of the tube , wait about ten seconds for the glaze to start coming up , and then brush on your lips . I keep looking for a cheaper alternative but I have n't found one yet ...
 Love the Stila brand & this color is fantastic ! Does n't try out ur lips & there is minimal flavor -LRB- which is great -RRB-
 I love Stila Lip Glaze ; it 's been my product of choice for several years now . It 's thick enough to make a difference when you have it on , but I love that Vanilla adds a nude shimmer to my lips without the fake-looking pink or red tint that I 've seen with some lip glosses . To each her own .
 This has staying power ! Not the revlon 8 hr type , just nice , thickens to your likeness and just a bit goes a long way . I love the sheer intensity of the color , and Amazon has it for a great price . It also does n't have that weird artificial flavor or smell that some glosses have which is always nice .
 I found out about stila cause my grandmothers friend used it.I was shocked when I saw the price but this seller had a cheaper one on sale . I bought grapefruit . It 's not the color for me cause its just like my natural lip color maybe lighter . There was another I wanted but before I could buy it it went out of stock . I think it would 've been a better color for me.Initially it took 10-15 + clicks to get it started . It takes about 5 clicks to get anything out for me now . I 'll admit I expected it to have more in it but you do n't need to use very much . It 's a lil gooey if you get to much.I would recommend this to anyone who wants a quality lip gloss.I 'll be posting pictures so be sure to check them out ! : -RRB-
 This is one of my beauty must haves . I am allergic to Chapstick and Vaseline and I can actually use this all day and everyday ! No matter how chapped my lips are this makes them so smooth ! Plus it tastes really good ! This is my favorite out of the Stila line . -LRB- I own like 10 colors -RRB- It is n't sticky or gooey and is so moisturizing ! This came new in the box and arrived in 2 days ! Once you try this you will be hooked like I am ! Plus I am usually allergic to ALOT of products and I am so happy I can use this !!
 Vanilla and Brown SugarA grown-up version of your favorite teenage gloss.it 's sticky so that may turn off some people , but I love it.pumped up , glossy , sexy lips , with a yummy flavor.the wand is like a click pen and the gloss is applied with a brush for control.I admit I am a bit addicted!What 's not to love ???
 Stila Lip Glaze is perfect for a shiny yet moisturizing lip glaze . I just wish it was n't so expensive . The taste is n't all that great and I 'm not sure why there are some complaints about the way the tube works . You just turn the bottom of the tube , wait about ten seconds for the glaze to start coming up , and then brush on your lips . I keep looking for a cheaper alternative but I have n't found one yet ...
 Love the Stila brand & this color is fantastic ! Does n't try out ur lips & there is minimal flavor -LRB- which is great -RRB-
 I love Stila Lip Glaze ; it 's been my product of choice for several years now . It 's thick enough to make a difference when you have it on , but I love that Vanilla adds a nude shimmer to my lips without the fake-looking pink or red tint that I 've seen with some lip glosses . To each her own .
 This has staying power ! Not the revlon 8 hr type , just nice , thickens to your likeness and just a bit goes a long way . I love the sheer intensity of the color , and Amazon has it for a great price . It also does n't have that weird artificial flavor or smell that some glosses have which is always nice .
 I found out about stila cause my grandmothers friend used it.I was shocked when I saw the price but this seller had a cheaper one on sale . I bought grapefruit . It 's not the color for me cause its just like my natural lip color maybe lighter . There was another I wanted but before I could buy it it went out of stock . I think it would 've been a better color for me.Initially it took 10-15 + clicks to get it started . It takes about 5 clicks to get anything out for me now . I 'll admit I expected it to have more in it but you do n't need to use very much . It 's a lil gooey if you get to much.I would recommend this to anyone who wants a quality lip gloss.I 'll be posting pictures so be sure to check them out ! : -RRB-
 This is one of my beauty must haves . I am allergic to Chapstick and Vaseline and I can actually use this all day and everyday ! No matter how chapped my lips are this makes them so smooth ! Plus it tastes really good ! This is my favorite out of the Stila line . -LRB- I own like 10 colors -RRB- It is n't sticky or gooey and is so moisturizing ! This came new in the box and arrived in 2 days ! Once you try this you will be hooked like I am ! Plus I am usually allergic to ALOT of products and I am so happy I can use this !!
 Vanilla and Brown SugarA grown-up version of your favorite teenage gloss.it 's sticky so that may turn off some people , but I love it.pumped up , glossy , sexy lips , with a yummy flavor.the wand is like a click pen and the gloss is applied with a brush for control.I admit I am a bit addicted!What 's not to love ???
 If I could give ALL the `` Body Envy '' products more than five stars I would . I am now using the shampoo , conditioner , gel and hair spray and could not be happier . Most products that promise to add volume only make my hair coarse . The `` Body Envy '' line actually does everything it promises without drying my hair or making it heavy . After using these products I filled a shopping bag with all the old products I used to use and took them to them dump . Thank you Herbal Essence , I 'll be your customer forever !
 L'air Du Temps is my favorite fragrance . The body powder is very hard to find now . For over a year , I had been on the list with Amazon to be notified when it became available . The e-mail saying it was now in stock was great news so I ordered it immediately , expecting a round conainer with a powder puff , as shown in the photo . Even though I am thrilled to have more powder , I was a bit disappointed when it arrived to see that it is in a cylindrical container with a shaker type top . Not the luxurious powder puff applicator that was pictured and I expected .
 My husband discovered Dune after shave balm by Christian Dior when we were living in Paris and he refuses to use anything else . We ca n't find it in the stores , so I have to buy it online . It soothes his skin after shaving and moisturizes it too . And I love the smell!So , it 's Dune for us and nothing else will do .
 Silk Therapy is amazing . I have used this product everyday for last three years . I used it on wet hair every morning and it makes my hair soft and easy to comb through . I will also use a little dab on dry hair to add softness , tame frizz and flyaways .
 I absolutely love this product ! You only have to use a small bit -LRB- dime-size amount -RRB- to totally change the feel of your hair . I have long , color-treated hair which is normally very brittle - especially at the ends . Biosilk changes this to make my hair soft and shiny . You can also rub it on your skin for soft skin ! Overall , I would recommend this product for anyone .
 My mother is 78 years old and she loves the product.I wish I can provide a detail benefits but my mother is from the old country and I do n't communicate with her well to provide an accurate reason for her fondness for this product other than it feels good on the hair .
 Okay , first off , when i first received this i was freaked out because when i poured it out it was all alcohol and watery like , but you need to really listen to the directions -LRB- cough -RRB- . Shake the bottle , and I mean shake it real good , the oil and all the other good stuff in there need to mix . After you shake it let it sit for a while then try it again . It IS the right stuff . I bought the 2 pack of 5.64 oz -LRB- also labeled as 12 oz -RRB- .
 Every year my daughter asks for this item for Christmas . She loves it and has recommended it to a lot of her friends . It does everything that it says it will do and then some , Makes your hair soft and very silky ...
 Well my wife has made me buy over 3 bottles over the last 1 . / 5 years of this - very small quantities needed and leaves the hair nice and silky smooth . Wife loves this so I am not complaining and the 12ounce bottle on Amazon is as expensive as the 5.6 ounce bottle on Walmart/Targert . I uses it once myself -LRB- had run out of gel myself -RRB- and the hair was left nice but only recommended for women .
 I 've been using biosilk for 3 years since I 've been straightening it . It really helps keep my hair silky and smelling great ! My kids often walk up to me and ask to smell my hair . Love it .
 The product is exactly what I WaS looking for and it was at a great price as well . Thanks a bunch !
 I 've had my hair cut before , and the lady at the salon I went to would put a pea drop in her hand , rub her hands together , and run it through my hair . It adds shine and definition to any layers in your hair . It 's not heavy and smells nice . When I saw it for sale on Amazon , I just had to buy it . The price at the salon was too expensive . The price listed on Amazon was worth it and it is a much bigger size .
 Silk Therapy smooths out my hair . I use a small amount -LRB- about the sign of a dime in the palm of my hand . I have chin length , thick hair . -RRB- I run it through my wet hair and blow dry . I then use a bit on my fingertips to run over my dry hair . It makes my hair shiny , too .
 My hair stylist taught me how to iron my naturally curly hair several weeks ago . She used this product on my hair and gave me a small .5 oz . bottle . It has lasted a long time since I put a small dab of it on my hair daily . I love the BioSilk products !!!! Have gotten the smoothing shampoo and conditioner and also the hairspray . My once course and curly hair is not straight and silky soft even with the hairspray on . Highly recommend these products and this seller has the best deal and shipped quickly .
 I have soft curly hair in a humid environment , and I love using this product . It holds my curls , is n't greasy , and makes my hair feel extremely soft . When I flat iron it , I use the product as well - and it works just as well . However , I prefer this product with my curls because of the texture . I often use it with the leave in conditioner -LRB- since I do damage my hair a lot -RRB- , and it functions well .
 highly recommended for those who have dry hair . worked like mention in the description . but bit expensive though . but worth money .
 This item shipped so fast . I ordered it and by the 3rd day i had it in my hands . I love it ! This was an easy and fast transaction . '
 Biosilk Silk Therapy is a magic hair product that will leave your hair so soft and shining you wo n't need to buy another hair product again . Just a small amount in your palm goes along ways ... so you can have beautiful , silky , and shiny hair and save money at the same time ... you get two great things in one bottle of Biosilk ... now that 's a plus .
 I 've been using this product for 2 years now and love it . I put this into my hair after it is towel dried and then blow dry as normal . This makes my hair SO smooth and non-frizzy . It works like magic and I highly recommend it to people who have thick hair like myself . It absolutely makes the world of a difference ! It can be a but pricey but is definitely work it !!
 I RECEIVED MY PRODUCT VERY FAST ... 2 DAYS SOONER THAN EXPECTED . THE PACKAGING WAS DAMAGED AND THE PRODUCT LEAKED OUT , SO I IMMEDIATELY CONTACTED THE SELLER AND WITHIN HALF AN HOUR THEY WERE EMAILING ME TO LET ME KNOW THEY WERE SENDING ME A REPLACEMENT PRODUCT AT NO ADDITIONAL CHARGE . BEST CUSTOMER SERVICE EVER . AND BIOSILK IS AWESOME . I HAVE STRAIGHT AND THICK HAIR THAT WO N'T HOLD A CURL WITHOUT A GOOD QUALITY PRODUCT . SILK THERAPY HOLDS MY CURLS ALL DAY AND KEEPS THEM LOOKING AND FEELING SILKY . CA N'T WAIT TO RECEIVE MY REPLACEMENT PRODUCT .
 I have silky smooth thick and high volume hair . I keep about 4-5 inch long strands and I 'm a guy who likes be be quick in the morning.Problem with my hair is that they are too silky and do not hold or shape as i want . I do not like wet looking gels or sticky pomades ! I like the weightless and clean look . I used to blow dry my hair after shower to give it some form and style but then within few hours it would loose form . So i started looking for something to style without wearing a wet look ! Few years back I found Pantene Smooth Serum which was just an awesome product but for some reason was discontinued.Then I found this product from biosilk which is as good or even better . My application is a little different though . After shower I spread about a penny sized serum on my palms and fingers and apply on damp hair by working my fingers through my hair . Using an ionic hair dryer -LRB- the ones that come with a comb attachment -RRB- I style my hair as I want in about 2 minutes . Surprisingly they dry very quickly and tend to be in form for a longer time . I also apply a little Redken finishing creme which adds another layer of mild control but without the wet look!Does it make my hair more silkier ? No maybe as I blow dry them after application which may not be how its directed . But it does what I wanted and I have salon style hair every morning with this awesome product !
 Best price found on the net . Bought it as a gift for my mom and was happy with the product !
 I recently replaced my leave-in conditioner with this product . I have long , thick , coarse wavy hair . I 've always used a leave-in , either with curl product or by itself if i 'm straightening my hair . I replaced my leave in with this on curly days and it seems to work great . I use about a quarter size along with rusk deep shine -LRB- my regular curl product -RRB- and my hair has not seemed oily at all or weighed down . However it does help signficatnly with the frizziness that my hair tends towards . My hair seems curlier and the curls are more defined . I dont ' like the gel or mouse stiff look/feel , and this seems to give some definition without the stiffness . This product is more of a serum than a leave in conditioner , but it seems to work as both . Does not add much shine as I would have expected . It 's not a miracle product , but I like it . I 'm not someone to spend a ton of money on hair products , so given you can find this pretty cheaply online and it seems to last awhile , I 'll stick with it . It seems similar to the Morrocan oil -LRB- which I have used in the past -RRB- in texture , but I think it works much better for curly hair -LRB- I did not like the Morrocon oil nearly as much as other reviewers did -RRB- . It 's more conditioning and my hair seems healthier .
 I purchased 2 bottles of Biosilk Silk Therapy Oil - it arrived in record fast time and in wonderful condition . It 's an excellent product that I would definitely recommend that people buy . Thanks .
 I have been using this product on my hair for years , it smells great and it makes your hair silky smooth . The bottle last forever because you only need very little evertime , use it on damp hair or dry it goes a long way . I would recomend this product since is the only silk treatment i 'll use on my hair . My sister gave me a CHI oil product for my hair I didnt like it at all it smelled like old mans cologne and It was so much more expensive than this product , this product IS the best trust me ive tried other products before .
 The product arrived very soon after I ordered it and it was exactly as described . Thank you !
 Biosilk Silk Therapy remains as one of my mainstays in my hair care products . It is one I keep going back to again and again . I love it.It is a medium textured serum . Biosilk 's main ingredient , hydrolyzed silk , is an amazing substance that gives moisture and sheen to the hair shaft . It coats it like liquid silk . Another great ingredient is panthenol , a protein . You may use it on towel dried hair , or as a finishing gloss . Determining how much to use is according to hair length/type/condition . My hair is thick and dry , so I use about a guarter size . Rub your palms together , and run hands throughout hair . I comb mine after applying to distribute well . -LRB- when wet -RRB- . I do the same when applying to dry hair either before styling , or after , for shine . Use only a small amount at first.I also love it because it can be used on the skin as well . It 's an amazing moisturizer . They have the idea right , as many hair conditioners contain some of the same ingredients as body lotions , making multi-tasking easier . Not only that , I use this stuff as a cologne ! I have had so many people tell me I smelled so good , and ask what I was wearing . I say `` my hair . '' I love all of the products by Farouk Systems . . -LRB- they have a body wash and lotion -RRB- . The hair product line is great when used together . -LRB- try the Biosilk Fruit Cocktail Treatment Biosilk Farouk Systems Usa Fruit Cocktail Reconstructing Treatment 11.6 oz/300mlif you have dry/damaged hair -RRB- . They have something for everything.The SCENT of the Silk Therapy is one reason I stay addicted . They make a men 's and women 's cologne , but I do n't know if they 're similar to the Silk Therapy fragrance . I also do n't know about any other products in the line that smell the same as this . Farouk , if you 're listening . . make a fragrance just like this smells!But this product is wonderful . It works beautifully on Caucasian and African-American hair . The serum is not as thick as the CHI Silk Infusion Silk Reconstructing Complex , -LRB- Farouk sister of Biosilk -RRB- . The CHI treatment smells similar to a men 's fragrance . CHI Silk Infusion Reconstructing Complex 6 ozThis is all around great stuff you have to see , feel and smell to believe !
 I have been using this for about a month . It smells really nice . It 's not greasy and it protects my hair . I have thick , coarse , long -LRB- mid of my back -RRB- and wavy hair . I have been looking for a product to protect my hair so I wo n't burn it when I use my flat iron . It does just that . The first thing I aware of is the usual water dripping from my towel dry hair has stopped . As if this product is sealing the moisture in . When I comb my hair before I use my flat iron , it just went through very smoothly . I used to struggle when I used the flat , tight teeth comb that came with my flat iron . It 's true that you can see the shine after the flat iron . I wo n't say my hair would be like those girls on the shampoo commerical , -LRB- 'cause my hair is really coarse -RRB- but it is close . I 'm very happy with the product . Thanks to those who reviewed the product in the past and that has helped me to try this one . One tip is
 I love this product ! Now that I use Biosilk Silk Therapy along with my Sedu Flat Iron , my hair has never looked better . Before I used Biosilk , my hair was dried out after I straightened it . With the Biosilk , my hair is soft , shiny , and pin straight . Also , a little goes a long way . I will never straighten my hair without this product again .
 This product is a must have in your hair care regime . A little bit goes a long way . Before using it my hair was dramatically shedding during these rough winter months . Now my hair is soft and shiny with little to no breakage at all . It does not leave my hair heavy the way other glosses do . Another plus is that my nails seem to be stronger than ever .
 I really ca n't say much except this stuff is amazing and well worth the money ! I use a blow dryer and a flat iron almost everyday and this helps keep the damage to a minimum . Everyone should use this product !
 It works ! After using this product , my hair looks much more healthy and silky ! The price is really reasonable for the wonders it provides . Though , one has to be really be cautious when using this product , do not use too much ! It is really oily after all . Just a dab is enough . It can be used when hair is either wet or dry , but I prefer using it when my hair is slightly air-dried , to avoid blow-drying right when hair is wet and cause sweating mixing with the product , making the hair too oily/shiny . Therefore , beware the amount being used . The first and last time I used it on wet hair , and blow-dried , my fire alarm set off , because the smell was somewhat strong like those from the hair salons.Overall , this product do what it promises . It is highly recommended to those who seek effective heat protector , as well as hair treatment for silky hair . And as indicated earlier , by using a dab , this product can actually last very long !
 I have very thick , curly hair that gets abused daily . I 've used my fair share of hair serums/oils ... Frizz Ease , Chi , Paul Mitchell , Biosilk , etc. . I had n't used Biosilk in a while , but I remember it being thicker in consistency when I previously used it . I would n't even consider it a serum now , it 's very watery , more like an oil . It works well and smells great , but it 's not as effective as it used to be .
 I have loved using this product for years , but it is always so EXPENSIVE , so when I found it here I bought two . I 've been using Biosilk for years now and I keep coming back to it , my only deturrents is the regualr price in stores
 I have wavy/curly , very thick hair that was full of split ends and extremely dry . I cut all of my hair off to only one inch in length to get it healthy . When I did that , 5 years ago , I began using Biosilk at the recommendation of my hair dresser . I have NEVER had split ends or dry hair again . I have been growing my hair to donate for the past two years . I did n't want to put any product on it so not to damage it but I did n't want frizzy unmanageable hair either . I continued to use Biosilk and I continue to get amazing results and plenty of positive comments on my hair .
 I contacted the customer service department to inform them the product I ordered leaked out during shipment . It was Biosilk Silk Therapy Serum . The representatives were very friendly and shipped another order of Biosilk immediately . I feel I received excellent service because the store listened to my complaint and agreed to restore me to a `` whole '' position . I am very happy and would order from this store again .
 works excellent !! I never felt my hair so smooth before using this product . could be used as heat resistant serum for hair before blow drying or ironing .
 Biosilk silk thearapy serum is very popular amongst my friends / family.It really makes your hair healthy & shining.Highly recommend .
 I love the smell , I love the way my hair looks but , I do n't know if it 's as great as people say . It 's very expensive and I do n't see why . It 's not exactly like other products on the market but there are similar ones . Pantene sells a silk product and it 's cheap and garnier fructis sells a product with some of these ingredients for much less . I do like this product though . It smells great and gets the job done . It does last a very long time , but so does the gargier fructis product under their sleek & shine line , its called weightless anti-frizz serum . I do n't think the garnier fructis product smells as great biosilk though . I probably will buy it again because like I said , nothing else is exactly like it . When I use it I get all sorts of compliments about my hair like `` Your hair is like Barbie hair ! It 's beautiful ! '' It seems to protect my hair from all the straightening I do , but it does take away some of the volume !
 I used this stuff a long time ago when I permed my hair , and I believe I stopped using it to wear braids . Now , I wear my hair `` natural '' without any chemicals -- so combing through my hair can be a bit of a challenge sometimes.One dime size amount after washing my hair did wonders ! My hair is so soft , silky , shiny , and manageable -- I love it !
 I love this stuff , I have fine hair and Biosilk is the only produce that does n't weigh my hair down and it gives it body . It is very expensive and so I stock up on it when I find it on sale .
 Overall as a novice in the world of hair products this is the best product I have used to give my hair shine without making it look oily!I have only recently started using products in my hair and selected Biosilk to protect my hair when blow drying , smooth out frizz and give my hair shine . It definitely does all three and would recommend this product . I apply a very small amount to the ends of my hair before blow drying and it leaves my hair smelling good and silky soft . It works well on my long , straight hair.I find I need a clarifying -LRB- or non moisturizing shampoo -RRB- after a few days of using the product otherwise my roots begin to look shiny -LRB- or greasy in my opinion -RRB- from spreading the Biosilk when brushing my hair . Also I have to clean the buildup off my hairbrush occasionally -LRB- but easy to do -RRB- .
 I love this product . I do n't like to use gels , sprays or any hair product usually , because they weigh my hair down . BUT biosilk is light and not greasy at all . It 's smooth and I feel like it really controls frizz and leaves my hair soft and it smells great . A little goes a long way so the bottle can last a while . Great product !
 Good deal . Nice product ... Did wonders on my Type 3/4 Afro-American natural hair . Gave some to my sister who is bi-racial , but has very curly hair and she loves it too . We used just regular ceramic flat-irons along with this product . Still did a great job .
 Since having children my hair has become very dry and coarse . I have tried everything from Matrix and Paul Mitchell to cheaper drug store brands to smooth my unruly hair . I was even considering Kronos -LRB- over $ 100.00 -RRB- , I was so desperate ! I wish I knew about this stuff months ago when I thought cutting my long locks off was the solution to end the frizzies : -LRB- I was very disappointed to find that no matter what I did , the frizz stayed ! Biosilk has given me the hair back before my hormones wrecked havoc on it !!! I am VERY satisfied with this product!Cheers !
 I have thick , dry hair . It gets very frizzy and goes wild in the summer with humidity . This product is the only one that has really helped to get it under control . I love it ! It smooths it out , smells great and softens my hands in the process of applying it . I highly recommend it .
 I love Biosilk , I have been using it for years . I wash my hair and put just a dab on the roots and I blow dry and straighten my hair and it 's healthy as can be . i know people say not to use a blow dryer and a straightner but I do and i do it every other day and straighten it again on the day I do n't wash . That sounds bad but my hair is healthy and I know it 's because I protect it with Biosilk . Also helps to use high quality shampoo and condtioners . I love Bumble and Bumble . A bit pricey but I get great complimented on my hair all the time ! Worth it !
 This is a good item ... It definitely makes your hair feel silkier when used with curling irons ... The light smell is wonderful and it does not weigh your hair down like most over products . It is a little pricey for the size though ... I would recommend because it does what it is supposed to do .
 I had Cancer in 2010 and when my hair came back it was very Dry . I am now using Biosilk and it is soft & Beautiful .
 I ca n't live without this product . I have very curly hair , and this product -LRB- applied after I wash , but before I apply mousse -RRB- makes my hair tangle free and conditioned . When I straighten my hair , albeit rarely , I use it after my hair is dry . It makes my straight hair soft and tangle free . Excellent product !
 I have used biosilk faithfully since I was a teenager . I love it so much , nothing compares to it . Makes your hair shiny and smooth without feeling greasy and heavy . Its perfect for before you straigten your hair because it acts as a heat protector . I highly recommend this with a good leave in conditioner to keep your hair in beautiful condition . The price is so worth it .
 I have thick , wavy , FRIZZY hair . About six or seven years ago , the lady that cuts my hair introduced me to Biosilk and explained to me that I was over shampooing my hair type . It has completely changed how I think of my own hair . I freakin ' LOVE my hair now . I use to think it was ugly and dry looking . Now I get compliments on my hair on a regular basis . A little bit goes a very long way . My hair routine is now wash , condition , towel dry , put in about a quarter sized amount of biosilk , scrunch it around a bit and move on with my day . The waves have better shape and the frizz is almost entirely gone . I have n't had problems with split ends or hair breaking since I started using it . It will be a very dark day in my world if they ever stop making this stuff .
 I have very naturally dry , frizzy hair . I have tried everything on the market that promises to smooth my hair . Biosilk serum is the only thing I have found that conditions my hair and does n't leave it feeling like there is product in it.Also , this is the real deal , not fake as many have stated . It comes with tape on the top for shipping purposes . I have been using this serum for years and this is the first time I purchased from Amazon ... it 's real .
 I have long , very naturally curly hair but I prefer to wear it straight . Unfortunately that means having to use a flat iron almost every day . All of us ladies know that styling our hair with heat on a regular basis can do some damage . And since my hair is naturally curly , frizz is almost inevitable when it 's humid . However , about 11 or 12 years ago I was introduced to the Biosilk line and have been a faithful user and believer ever since . This Biosilk Silk Therapy serum works miracles if your hair is dry , dull or is prone to frizz . The serum truly does feel like silk on your hands and it has a very pleasant smell too . When it 's applied to the hair , you can turn any bad hair day into a great one . All dryness is gone , fly-a-ways disappear and humidity no longer causes an unruly poof to appear . It also appears to dramatically lessen the damage and protect from heat styling because considering how much I use my flat iron , you 'd never know it when looking at or feeling my hair and I fully credit this silk therapy serum . One thing that 's very important to add is that it does not take much of this serum to achieve those results . In fact , it takes very little -LRB- for me just a dime sized amount or less in the palm of my hand -RRB- and if too much is used , it will cause a dirty or oily appearance . So if you 're using this serum for the first time I recommend putting a tiny dab in the palm of your hand , work that into the hair and gradually add more if needed to find that perfect amount for you . That 's one of the things I love about this serum - one bottle can last quite awhile since it does n't take much to achieve that silky feel and appearance , so you get a lot of bang for your buck . Also , I have well water and I 've found that it really helps do away with much of the dryness associated with having too much iron in the water . I 'd imagine that it would help those with chemicals like chlorine -LRB- etc -RRB- from city water too . Even after using this product for 11 or 12 years , I 've never found anything better . They gave it the perfect name `` Silk Therapy '' because that 's exactly what it makes your hair feel like . By the way , this is also a great product for dry skin - it 's gentle too so it 's possible that even people with sensitive skin will have no problem using it . So now your hair and your skin can feel like silk and have a beautiful smell as a bonus ! I would definitely recommend giving it a try and maybe you 'd love it as much as I do.I sincerely hope this review helps you !
 I got some of this after working for a lady that always had the prettiest shineto her hair . She said she used Biosilk!It is a great product that really is longlasting . Just be sure if you have n't used itin a few days to shake it up first !
 I absolutely love this stuff . I would recommend this to any person that has frizz . It makes my hair feel so silky smoothe . I started using it about 2 months ago and can not stand to go without it . Just use a little because it can make your hair look oily if you use too much and do n't put it close to the scalp either for the same reason . I tried the Chi Silk Infusion because I thought they would be the same since they are both made by Farouk but the Chi is not nearly as good . I would give this 100 stars I could .
 I have longish wavy hair that I color occasionally . My hair tends to frizz up and look frazzled out , even though I never use a blow dryer . I have tried a lot of different hair-smoothing products , from shampoos to conditioners to leave-in lotions.But this stuff ! It makes my hair sleek and silky in a way that no over-the-counter stuff I have ever found could . It 's not goopy or gel-ly or oily like many anti-frizz products . I think it 's silicone-based , so it just slithers onto your hair and then makes it look like a '70s shampoo commercial . -LRB- If I also use a straightening wand for special occasions , it looks like `` princess hair . '' -RRB- My hair also feels about 500 % softer than it does without it . Not just subtly softer , if you 're paying close attention , but like the difference between those new kind of plush toys that have extra-silky fur , compared to the old-fashioned kind of stuffed-animal fur . -LRB- I 've had guys compliment me on the softness of my hair since I started using it . -RRB- This is a `` desert-island '' product for me!I had a shampoo-sized bottle -LRB- not sure of the exact ounces -RRB- and it lasted nearly two years .
 It is important to know what hair types that products work on . From whatI see and have heard , it works on most anyone 's . I live in the south and there is HIGH heat and HIGH humidity here as we are near the gulf.I have long and thick African American hair type and I wash my hair and use the silk therapy while flat ironing . As a side note , I use all Ionic products from the Conair ionic brush , to the Andis ionic hairdryer and an ionic flat iron . It does n't matter if you do or not , but ionic products enhance everything good that you can do to your hair including this product . With it , my hair bounces and flows.If I wrap my hair faithfully every night , it lasts until my next wash without my continuing to put heat on it more than that . I have used silk therapy for years.Things to be careful with :1 . USE A SMALL quantity !!! My hair does n't do well with oil AT ALL . Even though this does n't have oil in it , putting too much on it gives it the same over lubed effect .2 . Every once in a while it is good to use a shampoo that rids your hair of build up with this product . But then , I have pretty thick hair and it does n't get limp often so I do n't really care , but it may help someone else . Over time you can feel that build up on your hair ... 3 . There is alcohol in this product , you have to be careful not to over dry . Especially if you have a hair type that you do n't have to wash daily . Wrap your hair or do something where you do n't have to put the product on too much . As another person said in a post , this is a good reason to use a moisturizing shampoo ... . But this is just knowing the product . Not everyone will have ANY reason to use caution and some will have to use maybe one or two of these tips . It TOTALLY gets 5 stars !
 -LSB- ... -RSB- A little really does go a long way . I used only a dime-sized amount of the product and massaged it from my roots to my ends , especially the ends . Then , I took my flat iron -LRB- Maxiglide -RRB- and flat ironed my hair . It came out looking wonderful , and was very bouncy . People have actually been staring at my hair all day . I am African-American , but my hair , because its been relaxed for years , is sort of a cross between curly and straight , with kinky curls at the root . After using the Biosilk Therapy and the flat iron , though , my hair looks 10x better.One word of warning though , you should not use this product everyday , as it does contain a good bit of alcohol . I would use it maybe every other day , and make sure to use a shampoo that restores moisture , as alchol will dry it out . Using only a dime-sized amount should not really affect it too much , it may in the long run , but using a moisture restoring shampoo , and not using heat tools too much may help . My flat ironed looks usually last me 2-3 days , depending on the heat , humidity , outside -LRB- I live in the south -RRB- . Today it was pretty hot , but my hair did not frizz , so that 's another reason to at least try this product . The smell is also very subtle . You can smell it , but its not over-powering . I bought my Biosilk Therapy -LRB- 5.64 oz -RRB- from Target for only $ 11.99 , so I 'd check there and at a local beauty supply store . For one thing they probably sell it for less -LRB- no S&H ;-RRB- , and for another , if you do n't like it then its much easier to return .
 I am a black woman , whose hair is regularly permed and colored . After reading the reviews , and after the incentive of a discount if I bought this product , I decided to give it a try . It is FABULOUS !! This weekend , I was n't feeling like going through all the work of setting my hair , so I washed , conditioned , put in setting lotion -LRB- for volume and curl -RRB- and added a quarter-sized amount of Biosilk and wrapped . It worked amazingly !!! When I un-wrapped my hair , I shook the bottle , and placed another quarter-sized amount in , rubbing thru all of my hair . Curled with my ceramic curling iron , and was AMAZED at the results !! My hair came out as if I had just come from a salon ! I usually use Kiehl 's creme with silk groom , but this product way surpasses the results I have gotten from that . Tonight , my daughter , who has much silkier hair than mine , blow dryed her hair and came downstairs . I suggested that she put the Biosilk on her hair and finish the blowdrying , and the results were phenomenal . I would recommend this product to ANYONE . A + + + + UPDATE
 Silk Therapy is such a great product and Amazon had the best price . You can use it on your skin or hair and it soaks in , leaving a softness and no greasy feel . The smell is wonderful , too ! Very clean smelling .
 This product is good for taming moderate frizz , adding shine and softness to my hair . If you have thick hair , you will probably need a product with thicker consistency to tame better the frizziness . For my long , thick and wavy hair I have used Biosilk Therapy Serum as finish conditioning in straight/sleek styling -LRB- just after drying and styling ; for protecting my hair from heat , I use another product , a creamy leave-in conditioning specially for heat protection -RRB- . The result is great shine and softness , and moderate frizz taming for the little hairs at the base of my forehead or neck , the ones that will escape or refuse to stay straight and sleek like the rest . As exclusive reinforcement for these hairs , I use little touchs of another serum -LRB- one produced and sold locally in my country -RRB- , a heavier one.While Biosilk wo n't tame completely some frizz cases , it makes my hair feel soft and light , not sticky or saturated to the touch . Even with all frizziness not completely controled , I like what this product does to my hair , and do n't mind using the reinforcement of the heavier and sticky serum , for the isolated and small cases of frizziness that Biosilk wo n't tame . It smells good , too . I would buy it again .
 I have naturally curly hair that is a real challenge between relaxers . I tried this based upon reviews and could n't believe the results . It worked . I could get the comb through my hair without wincing . My hair is bouncy , shiny and a pleasure to touch.And really - I only used a drop .
 Have used the product for several years and have been very happy with it . Purchasing Bio-Silk from the Amazon sellers allows me to receive the product at my home for less money than purchasing from any local retailer .
 I have used this product for years and love the way my hair looks and feels . It does not flake and does not leave my hair super hard . It will also moisturizes my scalp . Amazon sells this product cheaper than any where I have looked .
 Biosilk made my hair shiny and very soft.I was very satisfied with the product . I used it on my skin also .
 ITS BEEN YEARS SINCE IVE USED BIOSILK AND IVE BEEN LOOKING WHERE TO BUY IT FOR YEARS AND ITS KIND OF EXPENSIVE SO I DIDNT LOOK FURTHER!BUT I FINALLY FOUND IT AND I CAN AFFORD IT , BUT I KNOW NOW TO USE SPARINGLY ! THIS IS A GREAT BUY , I REMEMBER I PAID $ 13 FOR A VERY SMALL BOTTLE AT A SALON.BIOSILK WORKS GREAT ! KEEPS MY LONG BLACK HAIR HEALTHY AND UNTANGLED!I RECOMMEND BIOSILK THERAPY TO ALL THE WOMEN WHO ARE PARTICULAR WITH HAIR AND HAIR PRODUCTS . I LOVE MY HAIR SO I AM CAREFUL WHAT I USE ON IT .
 Bio Silk Product Line -- ` SILK ' is a life saver for my permed hair . It gives softness yet helps retain curls/moisture , also gives volume and shine , WOW what more could I ask for ? OH yes , the price is so reasonable and a little bit goes a long way , truly the best I have found . Totally out ranks the top name brand I had sworn by for years . My friend introduced me to this product , she has really thick , natural curly/unruly hair unless she uses Silk . This product works wonders for everyone ! Brenda Hasting , Tennessee
 My daughter uses this product and she loves it . It does wonders for her hair . I find it expensive but it 's worth every penny .
 Great Product !! I suggest buying the biggest size you can get . It lasts forever !!
 Out of all the products that i have tried , silk therapy by biosilk seems to do the perfect job . Helps to defreeze hair without leaving them feeling dirty . Love it .
 I have found nothing like it on the market . I use this on wet or dry hair , then I use a flat iron to straighten my hair . It does n't friz up during hot and humid weather and my hair looks great even after sleeping on it ! After 3 mo of use my hairdresser said my hair is thicker - must be the conditioning or maybe less breakage . Expensive , but you use only about a 1/8 -1 / 4 teaspoon on long hair , so it is lasts a long time .
 Silk Therapy is amazing . I have used this product everyday for last three years . I used it on wet hair every morning and it makes my hair soft and easy to comb through . I will also use a little dab on dry hair to add softness , tame frizz and flyaways .
 Like it says in the title , this is the only product that has worked for me , and it seems like I have tried everything . I 've tried cheap products
 I found Biosilk Silk Therapy when I visited a Beauty Care store but was knocked out by the price . They charge $ 24.99 for a 5.5 oz bottle . I looked at Amazon 's prices and since it works so well to control my frizz I bought a 12 oz bottle for less than what the beauty shop was selling 5.5 oz for!Great deal and great product ! I will be buying my Biosilk through Amazon from now on !
 I 'm a firm believer that most of the health & beauty products marketed to women are superior to men 's products . Why draw the line ? Because we have different hormones ? Different pH levels ? For some things -LRB- like biosilk -RRB- , everyone can benefit ! As for other things -LRB- like lipstick -RRB- , one must be discerning.I just ordered this product this week . The first time I applied it I could tell that it was different from anything I had used before . It does n't harden in your hair , nor does it make your hair greasy . It does n't become powdery . Even after running my hands through my hair -LRB- and noticing the newfound lushness -RRB- I rubbed my fingers together , and there was still no greasiness . I have wavy hair that I wish were straight . This makes it super manageable . I can tell that I will not have another bad hair day as long as I 'm using this product .
 If you want a hair care product to control uncontrollable hair this is the product for you . One little dab -LRB- the size of half a dime -RRB- smooths your hair . . controls frizz and adds shine . . The only product that does this . . Trust me I 've tried everything ... P.S. . It makes your hair smell wonderful ... Beware however . . If you use too much it will make your hair greasy . . One tiny dab is all you need ...
 i LOOOVE Biosilk Silk Therapy ! I 've used it for years . I 've got long hair that takes extra maintenance . Silk Therapy is a staple product for me . I love the clean non intrusive smell . It compliments my many shampoos and conditioner 's smells.I 've tried other serums just to have a variety and nothing can replace the Biosilk in my eyes ! I am a customer for life . Please never discontinue !
 I recently bought this item for the first time and I love it . I 'm african american and I 'm very cautious of what I put in my hair . It made my hair stronger & softer . When you use this product you do n't need to put alot in your hair , a little bit goes a long way . Too much may leave residue and leave your hair feeling a little heavy . I strongly recommend this product if your looking for strength and softness .
 For shoulder-length hair , a nickle-sized amount works great . Start at the ends of your hair the way you would condition it . Then with any leftover , finger-comb by roots.NO ADDITIONAL STYLING PRODUCT is necessary for blow drying . This works great by itslef - adds shine , controls frizz ... an effective and sweet-smelling product .
 I 'm an African-American woman with medium hair several inches past my shoulders , and though I have a relaxer , I have been using an inexpensive ceramic-coated curling iron almost daily to re-straighten and try -LRB- key word ... TRY -RRB- to curl my hair in the morning . Sadly , my curls usually flee before I even get to work.After doing research on flat irons , and reading MANY reviews , I ordered the Ceramic Tools CT2555 1 '' Professional Ceramic Flat Iron and received it a week ago . I 've since used it about four to five times in the process of learning how to use it . What a huge difference this flat iron has made already ! Since I started using it , my hair seems thicker , smoother , more manageable and MUCH healthier.My normal routine is that I wash and condition my hair once a week and blow-dry with an Ionic hair dryer set on `` warm '' . Next , I use about a nickel-size of Biosilk Silk Therapy Serum throughout my hair , comb through , and then use the Ceramic Tools CT2555 1 '' Professional Ceramic Flat Iron in small sections , first straightening , then adding curls . Once done , I let the curls cool , then comb and style as desired . Before using the Ceramic Tools CT2555 1 '' Professional Ceramic Flat Iron , during the drying and styling process , my hair would feel a little dry and brittle and there would be a noticeable amount of hair on the comb and on the floor by the time I 'm done . I realized last night and this morning that after using this flat iron and the Biosilk for only a week , there was absolutely NO BREAKAGE , and little if any shedding ! I ca n't remember EVER seeing this result before.I sing with my church 's praise and worship team weekly , and sometimes for every service -LRB- as many as four to five times a week depending on whether there are special programs -RRB- . Usually afterwards , my hairstyle is completely sweated out . Yesterday , I decided to try the curls for the first time using the Ceramic Tools CT2555 1 '' Professional Ceramic Flat Iron , and was amazed that my curls lasted ALL DAY , even through intense praise , worship and sweating ! After combing my hair again , it looked like I had just had it done!At the end of the day , I wrap my hair and secure it with a wig cap then tie a scarf on to keep the cap in place . The next morning all I have to do is unwrap it , comb and go . And the Biosilk Silk Therapy Serum is so light that even after three days of use ... and SWEATING ... there is no build up , and my hair has body and bounce.I had read that using a good ceramic flat iron with far-infra-red technology would help keep the hair straight and hold on to the curl . This flat iron proved it 's worth in one week and I 'm EXTREMELY satisfied .
 I bought this in conjunction with the CHI hairstraightening iron . They work well together . A little goes a long way , so use it sparingly . The best part is that it smells really great , and I get compliments on the smell along with my hair !
 This product is truly amazing . After showering and then towel drying your hair , apply a pea sized amount to you hands and rub through your hair . Not only does it add shine , but it also tames frizziness and helps control split ends . The product is very light and will not weigh the hair down . I recommend a pea sized drop for people with shoulder lenght hair , more for people with longer tresses . Just be careful not to use too much .
 I have longish wavy hair that I color occasionally . My hair tends to frizz up and look frazzled out , even though I never use a blow dryer . I have tried a lot of different hair-smoothing products , from shampoos to conditioners to leave-in lotions.But this stuff ! It makes my hair sleek and silky in a way that no over-the-counter stuff I have ever found could . It 's not goopy or gel-ly or oily like many anti-frizz products . I think it 's silicone-based , so it just slithers onto your hair and then makes it look like a '70s shampoo commercial . -LRB- If I also use a straightening wand for special occasions , it looks like `` princess hair . '' -RRB- My hair also feels about 500 % softer than it does without it . Not just subtly softer , if you 're paying close attention , but like the difference between those new kind of plush toys that have extra-silky fur , compared to the old-fashioned kind of stuffed-animal fur . -LRB- I 've had guys compliment me on the softness of my hair since I started using it . -RRB- This is a `` desert-island '' product for me!I have a bottle the size of the pictured one , and it has so far lasted over a year and is only 2/3 gone .
 My 8 yr old daughter has long , thick hair that tangles very easily . Brushing out the tangles after her bath at night was a nightly disaster , complete with tears , pleading to skip it , and 30 minutes of distraction while I would try to very gently comb out the tangles . With this silk therapy , we are done in 5-10 minutes , and it is much easier . I put it on her hair while it is still wet , and work it through with my hands , then start brushing . This stuff makes her hair shiny , glossy and detangled without making it look greasy like some of the other hair serums we have tried . Basically , we went through every cheap drugstore brand of hair serum , frizz-ease , got2b , garnier fructis , pantene , suave , and everything else under $ 10 . Nothing works as good as this stuff , and it has a very nice kind of fruity smell . I balked at getting this at first because it was expensive , but this works so far above and beyond any of the other hair serums out there , and is well worth the price . Her looks and smells great , and the savings in tears and brushing time is priceless !
 This is the real Biosilk at a great cost . It makes my hair soft and silky . I can really tell the difference , especially when i dye my hair . Fast free shipping also a plus .
 A hair stylist asked my one day what in the world I put on my hair as I walked in the room -LRB- I have very curly hair and have to flat iron it -RRB- and I use a lot of this product and it is just fantastic ! She said my hair looked like silk and what was I putting on it ? I said I do n't know that I would go and look . I laughed when I came back with the bottle I told her that she had it half right , it is BIOSILK therapy ! It helps to smooth my hair -LRB- I have long hair to my waist , and very hard to control -RRB- and it also makes it very shiny and healthy looking .
 It 's pretty unbelievable what this product has done for my hair ! I have curly , thick Egyptian hair , and I searched forever for the `` miracle product '' that would make my hair manageable . I picked up this product as a way to protect my hair when I straighten it , and as I started using it regularly I noticed my hair becoming softer and softer . When I straightened my hair with other protectants , my hair used to become very dry - even straw-like . After I started using Biosilk my straightened hair is completely different . It 's shiny , smooth , and even seems less thick . Even when I leave my hair curly , it 's noticeably less frizzy and more silky . Biosilk is my miracle product !
 I am so excited that I have finally found something that really works !! I have like super long hair and need a lot of managing . But a few drops of BioSilk Silk therapy plus my straightening iron and I am done :-RRB- Now I ca n't stop touching my hair .
 This makes my long and straight hair look healthy and best of all ... smell sooooooooo good ! I am very sensitive to scents but this one leaves a subtle , clean , inviting and a `` I want to get close to you '' scent in your hair . A must have for me !!!!!
 This is a wonderful product . I use this not only on my hair but also my girls hair . It really helps when you use heat on your hair.This is a must have if you blow dry or use any type of heat on your hair .
 I use this product all the time , and it sells for more than double this price in the store . I 'm happy to get this from Amazon and especially that I can subscribe to it so it is sent to me as often as I need so I do n't have to make a trip to the store . Great job Amazon !!
 I love this stuff . I really like the smell . It 's pretty strong at first , but it dissipates fast , too , so I do n't worry about it clashing with my perfume.My hair is colored , curly , can get dry on the ends and frizzes like crazy in the humidity . I put this on before I dry my hair and sometimes smooth a little more over it afterwards.Use just a little -- my hair is very thick & anything over a quarter-sized dollop is too much . Use too much & you 'll end up with greasy-looking hair . Also , rub into your hands & then smooth onto your hair -- if you dump this directly onto your hair , you 'll have a greasy spot . You will also have to wash your hands after using it . Which is no problem if you use it at home . If you plan on using it on the go during the day , take wipes , too.I 've priced this locally at several stores & this price is cheaper by $ 1 to $ 3 . I 've got it on auto-delivery !
 Awesome transaction , fast shipping ! I love this product and I use it every single day . I have curly hair and it works wonders , can not go without it !
 Since hair solutions ' effectiveness vary on the hair types , for an Asian Chinese who have thick black-brown hair , this serum works excellent on my hair . The way I use this is , after shampoo and conditioning , followed up with towel dry , I would apply a penny size drop to spread this over my hair scalp . At times , I will then either blow dry or -LRB- natural -RRB- air dry my hair . I find this keeps my hair moist and tender . You can tell the differences . I like this silk therapy hair solution .
 when i first bought this biosilk product two years ago it was nice and thick , now its not viscus at all , more like water that smells good
 I have used this product for years - It is so much better than it 's competitors.The only drawback is it is the price but well worth it
 I initially got it for my mom , because did not think it would be of any use on my fine , straight hair . But when I get occasional frizz it takes care of it immediately . Besides , which is the main reason I love this product - it helps comb my daughters ' long hair !! It is awesome !! I put one drop in their hair , and it makes a huge difference . Would recommend to every parent who struggles with tangled children 's hair .
 Leaves hair silky , smooth , soft , and manageable . This effect does not fade either . I have used it daily for 4 days now , and I see and feel a total difference in my hair . I am happy I splurged and bought this one . I was not expecting it to help my hair this much , this quickly.This is seriously the solution to all hair issues . Bad hair days are not a thing of the past.The scent is also heavenly , and you can use it not just in your hair , but on skin as well . It feels fantastic no matter where you apply it .
 This product is very versatile . I have thick curly black hair and I love this stuff . I also use it on my stepdaughter , who has fine dirty blonde hair , and it tames her flyaways and leave it soft , shiny and super manageable . -LRB- Plus she loves the smell -RRB- . I use a little on my ends right out of the shower , then a few drops more after my hair is dry . Might I add , a little goes a long ways . You only need a few drops each time . These drops will make anybody 's hair look healthy and tames the frizzies . Overall , awesome product . I highly recommend it for all hair types .
 Great product ! Makes hair smooth and shiney . This item was half the price of what I paid at Costco over a year ago . Perfect transaction !
 My friend recommended this to me , but it is so expensive . I found it for $ 17 which is half the price , so I purchased it . I did read all the reviews on it , and every one said that you do n't have to use much and it makes your hair very soft . I must say , it is true . You really do n't have to use any at all , and I have really , really thick hair . Plus , my hair is even softer now , and I LOVE that . It looks healthier too , and I 've only used it twice . It 's worth the $ .
 This is the best `` shine '' drop product since they came out with the stuff . You only need a little and it goes a long way . It is very lightweight so you do n't have to worry about greasing your hair up if you accidentally over do it .
 Love love love this product . Makes my hair feel so silky and healthy . It smells good too . I use it while wet and before blowdrying and small amount before I use my flat iron . Cant say anymore than I love this product . Will purchase again and again !!!
 I purchased the Biosilk Silk Therapy with my CHI flat iron . This product is great ! A little goes a long way - just use a dime-sized amount . My hair feels silky but * not * gunky . 5 stars !
 I love BioSilk products ! They smell great and make my hair shiny , silky and frizz-free .
 I ordered Biosilk for one of my daughters . She uses the product all the time . I am most impressed by the speed of the delivery of this order . I ordered on Mon. and received Wed. . The price was great also . Thank you very much . J. Smith
 I bought this item for my grandma . She has been using this product for the past 4 years and will only use this product . She used to use a special type of oil to smooth her hair out but since my aunt introduced her to Biosilk , it has become her favorite .
 You have to use just a litte , and that 's what is perfect , because you will have the same bottle forever . I just love this stuff . It smells good , makes your hair smell good , but does not weight it down or look dirty.It 's still the best thing too if you are using a flat iron .
 this stuff is like a miracle ! it makes your hair so unbeleivably smooth . my only warning is this : do not put more than a dime sized amount into your hair because it will make it very oily especially if u have thin hair like mine
 Silk Therapy is amazing . I have used this product everyday for last three years . I used it on wet hair every morning and it makes my hair soft and easy to comb through . I will also use a little dab on dry hair to add softness , tame frizz and flyaways .
 Tried lots of products . This is the best one for keeping natural curl/wave without weighing down hair , or making it stiff .
 Exactly what I ordered . Even recommended to family members . Ditch that baby oil ! This is way better and non greasy ! Great buy !
 I have always loved the smell and effect of biosilk ... but I also thought that it 's quite heavy , even in minute doses , and can make hair seem too oily if you use even a tad too much . I 've used biosilk for so long though that I rarely use more than I need now since I 've adjusted according to how my hair reacts ... That being said , a friend of mine suggested I usePaul Mitchell Super Skinny Serum , 5.1 Ounceand in one use , it won me over , even though I have been a loyal user of biosilk for 6 years or so now.For those who require more maintenance with their hair , biosilk might be better in that it is heavier and does work well , but for those who have hair like mine -LRB- fine and requiring every-day wash -RRB- , paul mitchell is a much better alternative . It 's light , makes hair appear shiny without seeming oily , and smells fantastic!Another great product isBiolage Exquisite Oil Replenishing Treatment 3.1 oz.which can be used in multiple ways
 Great product . Smells great and you can wear as a body lotion or rub a little on your hands and put in your hair to keep down frizzies .
 You know the way your hair smells and feels after you get home from the salon ? Well , this is the product they use to give you that smell and wonderful shine . A tiny bit goes a looooooooooong way so use it sparingly and it makes my hair feel like silk . I absolutely love this !
 I use this as a heat protectant before I blow dry or straighten my hair . I absolutely love it . It makes my hair look shiny & healthy and it makes my hair feel great throughout the day . The smell is very nice too , I feel like I just walked out of a beauty salon when I wear it .
 I love this product ! Keeps the braids slicked back so nicely and smells great too . I will continue to buy it .
 I 've used this anti-frizz serum for a long time and although I 've tried others , I always keep coming back to this one . It 's light and effective .
 wonderful product !! I have been using this for years . . I have long , naturally curly hair and silk therapy makes it soft and less frizzy ! great price for this product ! definitely recommend !!
 The smell is very nice and the product does not make my hair feel heavy , greasy , or even dried out as some other products have done in the past . Consistency is just right , not too light , not too heavy . Makes my hair feel much softer and manageable . The price on Amazon Marketplace was the cheapest I could find on the internet or in stores . I would definitely recommend this product . Very pleased . : -RRB-
 I get so many compliments on my hair since I started using this several years ago
 If you color or otherwise process your hair , BUY THIS!I bought the three piece set at CVS -LRB- shampoo , conditioner and the silk therapy , all 12 oz bottles and for $ 27 its a steal ! -RRB- Other posters here are correct , a LITTLE goes a long way . Three days before I color my hair I do a deep conditioning with the silk therapy serum -LRB- wet my hair , apply and wrap in a towel , I leave it for an hour -RRB- and then I comb dry.After coloring -LRB- 48 hrs -RRB- I do it again and since I 've been doing this , my color has stayed longer and richer . More importantly , my hair is in better condition than it ever has been .
 If your hair is frizzy , over-processed by chemical treatments , or just dried out from the extreme weather -- you MUST try BioSilk Silk Therapy by Farouk!After shampooing , put a small amount in the palm of your hands and massage it through your hair , putting most of it on the ends . Work it through with a wide-tooth comb and style it as usual . You just wo n't believe the difference in the way your hair feels and looks ! It 's like getting a new head of hair.After you 've used it for a few weeks , I recommend skipping it now and then to prevent any potential build-up -- I 've seen it happen . If your hair has been looking damaged , I guarantee that you will get compliments on how great it looks after using BioSilk ! It is an amazing product.BioSilk was once only available from select beauty salons . It 's fabulous that you can find it now on Amazon !
 I have thin hair and it hangs almost to my backside . I do n't use hair dryers , irons or hot rollers on it . Not saying I would n't occasionally , I just prefer not to have to hassle with my hair , -LRB- : : cough :
 My hair is extremely thick , unruly , and frizzy ... so I 've just about tried almost every product out there on my hair . This product was introduced to me about 6 years ago and I am still a fan ! I 've tried other `` Silk Therapy 's '' including the generic kind from Sally 's ... it just does n't compare to Biosilk ! I use this product at the end , after I 've flat ironed my hair and it makes it incredibly soft ! The product smells amazing and moisturizes your skin good as well.I 've also discovered that this product is excellent for pressing my MAC Pigments . Before I used alcohol until some suggested I try Biosilk . Biosilk has the same ingredients that CostalScents.com use in their `` Pigment Pressing Formula '' . When I tried it , the pigments came out perfect ! Much better than when I used alcohol . It caused no irritation to my eye since Biosilk can be used on the skin . My pigments also became more vibrant and easier to blend on my skin.All in all , this product has multiple uses
 This product is perfect for blow drying , but a little bit goes a long way . Just put some in your palm and rub your hands together and stroke it through to the ends . I do n't put it on my scalp because it might flatten it . But after blow-drying , it leaves my hair super shiny , smooth , and it smells great !
 I love this product , I have used it for years it keeps my ends healthy and void of dryness . The company had very quick delivery which is always a plus for me ! . . Thanks Amazon
 I ca n't rave enough , about this product . It rescued my hair , and now it is in the best condition of my entire life . I have slightly past my shoulder length curly , thick -LRB- very very very thick -RRB- hair . I mix a quarter sized amount of this -LRB- as directed by my stylist -RRB- with my curl cream and wow -- perfect hair all day into the evening . No frizz , no undefined limp curls . love this . I do have to say , this probably would n't be suited for anyone with limp , fine hair . This smells good , and I often put some on my shoulders/arms/legs and back too , as it is also for the body !
 Silky smooth . That 's the best way to describe my hair after using this wonderful product . My cupboards are full of beauty products that have n't delivered , but Biosilk Therapy Serum is definitely one that I 'll turn to again and again . I use it in conjunction with the hair dryer and a round brush on some days and with a flat iron on others . Even with the harsh heat generated by both items , my hair remains so soft ! I do n't typically take the time to write reviews , but this is one product that I love . One word of caution , though . Using too much tends to leave the hair a bit oily . I 've found that a dime-size portion is perfect.Pro 's : Protects hair from high-heat of dryers and ironsSilky smooth locksCon 's : PriceyUsing too much leaves fine hair a bit oily
 This stuff is worth every single penny , and a bottle will last forever , because you use it in such tiny amounts.I do n't know how this works , but I can tell you that if you put it on the most damaged hair from dye , perms , or bleach , it will look like new hair again when it is dry . Further , the comb will sail right through the worst gummy tangles of overprocessed hair , without the awful pulling and breakage.This stuff is better than BEST ! If you have n't tried it -- YOU MUST ! There is nothing else like it on earth .
 If I could have only one hair product , this would be it . I 've tried the `` cheaper '' type products that I got at the discount stores / grocery / drug store and NOTHING comes close . Yes , it 's more expensive , but totally worth it . I have VERY think long hair -LRB- with a perm and natural curl -RRB- and still use a dime size amount . The comb will go through my hair now with ease . It makes it so silky too . I 'm not that fond of the shampoo or conditioner in this line , just the Biosilk therapy stuff itself .
 i 'm currently deployed to afghanistan and the water is super harsh on my hair , plus with all the dust and heat it 's just one big recipe for disaster . biosilk works wonders protecting and repairing the breakage .
 Been using this product for over 5 years and have turned on all my cousins in London . I know have to buy it from here and bring it over to them on a yearly basis ! When I am using this product regularly not a day goes by that I do n't get a comment on the shine in my hair . It is also super silky and soft to the touch . My boyfriend ca n't stop running his fingers through my hair and I love it ! This is also a wonderful protector for those of you who use blow dryers or straighteners . I do n't blow dry , I dry naturally because I have super fine hair but I do tend to flat iron some times . I only apply to the tips though and never really to the scalp so the bottle lasts me forever . I am Asian Indian so my hair is naturally oily so there is no need to add it to the scalp . You will love this product and Amazon has it for the best price ! I was so sad when Sam 's club stopped selling the Shampoo/Conditional/Silk Therapy combo pack but thank god for Amazon.com !
 THIS IS THE BEST WAY TO DEAL WITH DAY TO DAY FRIZ ... I EVEN BUY IT AS X-MASS STOCKERS FOR MY FRIENDS
 My wife really . really loves this product and the online price is right ! We will definitely buy this product through amazon dot com again in the future .
 My hair is so awful . Half curly , half straight , fine but tons of it . I have to tried so many different leave ins , smoothers and serums so that I can style it to look decent . This is the only product I have ever used that makes each hair shaft respond to heat styling.It 's not stiff , it 's not just a ` softener ' so that it 's soft but wo n't hold a style ... it 's just perfect . Does n't weigh my hair down and styles instantly - no fighting . My hair is in long-ish layers and I like to style it kinda fluffy - this stuff is exactly what I 've been looking for .
 GREAT BUY ! I LOVE BIOSILK ! It helps my hair not be so frizzy and brings out my shine to my hair ! It smells great and i ca n't live without it ! Amazon sells this decent size that last me like a year while wal-mart sells them smaller for the same price or more ! A small portion goes a long way !
 My mom had bought this years ago for the first time and from the get go my sisters and I were using it up . We loved the great smell , shine , and smooth texture it leaves in your hair and because it was light it did n't leave a very heavy feeling . We still use it years later . The only thing is you cant buy it from just anywhere , for example , I bought it at Ulta or a professional salon and I got the correct product but I noticed when I bought it from Target it was watery and not as thick as it is suppose to be , so you have to be careful where you buy it from , Costco is another good place to get it from when they have it in stock . Just got ta be careful . * Note
 I got this product about two weeks ago and I really like it . I was afraid after reading some comments about `` non-original '' products where customer said the product smell like alcohol and was very liquid . I got this one directly from amazon . I recomend this product very much .
 Product as advertized . I had used it previously and was just looking for a good price . This product does not produce miracles , but it helps to make hair somewhat more manageable . keeping it down in damp weather .
 I initially tried this product a few years ago . My hair is really thick , and when my stylist thins it out with those magical thinning shears , it also leaves lots of different layers that have a mind of their own on bad hair days . I use this product everyday to smooth out my hair before styling . It leaves it shiny , soft and helps the flat iron do its thing .
 I am totally in luv with this !! It is just like the one at the mall without the hefty price tag ! I am so going to purchase another one !!
 Great value . Super fast delivery . I 've used the Biosilk for several years and it really keeps my hair soft and shiny . I miss it when I run out . Great when you use it with a flat iron .
 My usually nice , healthy , thick hair became like frizzy , extremely dry witch hair after my pregnancy and having my baby . I was trying everything and was feeling like cutting off my hair , I was getting so frustrated . I was trying cheap conditioners , expensive conditioners , leave in conditioners - nothing helped . I read the reviews about this product and decided I would try it . I thought , `` I 'm going to be pissed if this does n't work , because it 's not cheap . '' I just tried it tonight and I am AMAZED . I am so , so , so happy ! I can not believe I have my hair back , and even nicer than before . WOW !
 I do n't know what I would do without this product . I have very dry skin and hair and use biosilk for both .
 I love this product . Ca n't live without it . Makes my hair so silky smooth . = -RSB-
 My first use of this product was today . Lastnight I took a shower and put on a dime size amount , focused on my ends and top layer . This morning , super soft !! Applied and tiny tiny amount to the ends that always seem to fry when I flat iron . Flat ironed it all and I have NO fried ends and my hair is super soft and silky . I have fairly course and natural wave , that looks frizzy without some produc on it . I MUST say I LOVE this stuff . I could see where using too much would cause an oily look and weigh it down , so go light at first . HIGHLY recommend !!!!!
 I have been using this product for a few years . It really tames the frizz and creates curls . This has been the best price I have been able to find ...
 This stuff is great and I love the smell . I normally let my hair dry naturally , and this leaves my hair silky and managable . On the days I have to blow dry my hair , it can really get frizzy . I just put this on with my hair damp an blow dry my hair than a little on after and I 'm ready to go .
 I purchased this product for my wife and my two daughters that have long delicate and silky hair , immediately after my wife applied this to my daughters hair you could see a bright shine to it and when running your fingers through they 're hair it was surprisingly very silky and smooth feeling . My wife already asked for me to purchase more of this product ... final comment ... this stuff is awesome would recommend and have recommended to everyone -LRB- well my wife has -RRB- .
 This stuff is amazing and it smells so good !! I would definetly recommmended this product !! If they ever discontinue I 'll be in big trouble and very sad : o -LRB-
 Love the scent . Love how silky it makes my hair . Love what it does for my skin as well !
 I ca n't live without Biosilk ! Just a little dab of it makes my hair incredibly soft and smooth . It 's especially great for people who have permed their hair . It really gets rid of fizz and makes hair super soft . It also has a very faint pleasant smell . It is n't too greasy either
 I love this product . . great for skin and hair.I have used biosilk for years and encourage anyonewith dry skin issues to apply biosilk after shower thenbody lotion . Works like magic .
 I have thick hair and this product works well for my hair . It calms frizz , makes my hair shinny , and makes it smell really good . You need to shake it well before you use it so you can get a thicker consistency .
 I think this stuff is a great product . It certainly keeps the hair under control . You have to be careful not to use too much though or it mats your hair down .
 It was alright - using it and it 's good so farmay buy again ...
 This serum is the best for frizzy , thick long hair . It gives your hair such a soft texture that you do n't even have to use a straightener . Pair with sulfate free shampoo and you have the most amazing hair ever ! Definitely recommend !
 I love this product for my hair ! It provides the moisture that I need for my hair without greasy build-up . Thankfully , this seller provided it at a much more affordable price !
 leaves my hair really soft and i love the smell . great price for the size of bottle -LRB-
 I 've used this product for many years . While expensive , I find it works to help protect and repair damaged hair . I 've tried other serums like it , but this is the best by far . The smell is wonderful and it can be applied to both dry and wet hair . If you can get over the cost , it is certainly worth a try !
 Sent promptly as ordered . Very , Very , Very , Very , Very , Very , Very , Very , Very , Very , Very , Very , Very , Very , Very , Very , Very , Very , Very , Very , Very , Very , Good .
 I absolutely love Biosilk but its pretty pricy ... This was a great value -LRB- I find it much more expensive at the salon or grocery stores -RRB- Perfect for the dry Colorado days to tame staticy hair . Also always worried the product will leak but packaging made sure that this product would not leak during shipping . :-RRB- Great buy !
 I have n't ordered this from Amazon before so I do n't know yet if it 's going to be the watered down version like some reviewers said , but the last bottle I got -LRB- at a pharmacy -RRB- was wonderful and made my hair feel soft and LOOK soft , not to mention it smoothed my hair cuticles and smelled soooo nice .
 W/in a couple of weeks this product completely change the texture of my hair . I would highly recommend to anyone that highlights their hair .
 I was watching a youtube tutorial on how to keep hair healthy , manageable and shiny . The person mentioned about this product so I purchased a small bottle just to try it out . I just used two tiny drops of the product , rubbed it with my hands , and applied it to my above-the-shoulder-length hair . I could n't believe how much frizz was gone by applying just a small amount of this product to my dark brown , thick , curly hair . Every time I use this , either to wet or dry hair , my hair shines and becomes more manageable . Did I mention about its smell ? Oh , it 's so heavenly and romantic ! It smells like roses -- but not the annoying , but captivating , smell . As a matter of fact , I put some product to my skin as well . It gives me a nice subtle glow . I have been using some hair -LRB- and skin -RRB- products . So far , this is one of my favorites . =-RRB- A tip when buying this product
 I really love this stuff , as it leaves my hair looking and feeling awesome . My hair used to stick up a bit in the middle , but with this , it stays perfect and easy to manage all day long without feeling greasy or using any hardening gels or sprays .
 This is a wonderful product and love these bottles for travel . You can also refill them - works great for keeping hair and body smooth , silky and hydrated .
 I bought this serum after trying it at my sister 's house . It 's the best I 've tried so far as it seems to be absorbed quickly by the hair and does n't feel greasy . Use less than you estimate you 'll need , a teensy drop should be all you need .
 My hair is very curly and with moisture , it gets frizzy ; this product is the best thing I have found for my hair . You only have to use very little and your hair will shine and smell so good .
 It leaves my hair shinny and not greasy at all . I absolutely love it ... Oh and if you must know I have African American hair . .
 I first hesitated to order this product , because some people wrote this was not real deal ; I ordered the product and received it on time , This is the real deal , please do not spread wrong words , I 'm fully satisfied with it and the price is excellent as well . I strongly recommend this one .
 I have been using Biosilk for the last 15 years and it has been a Godsend ! I am in awe that I got a salon-quality product for a fraction of the salon-quality price ! I do remember that the formula was thicker when I first started using Biosilk a a teen . However , I also noticed that my Mom 's bottle that she has had for the last 3 years has gotten thicker & separated over time -- but nothing that a quick shake would n't fix . She has since switched her Biosilk out for Argan Oil as she wanted something more &#34; organic &#34; . I wash & blow dry my hair 2xs a day and flat iron 1x a day . I also dye my hair pretty often . Biosilk helps prevent my hair from becoming damaged with all the hell I put it through . Even other hair oils -LRB- brazillian nut , argon , weleda -RRB- have not been as good to me as biosilk ! Buy a small bottle if you just want a trial size.Bottom line , I love it , I use it , I can not live without it .
 Biosilk met my expectations . It adds shine and moisture to my hair . My hairdresser said I had made a good choice for my hair . I would recommend it to all my friends .
 Leaves hair soft and smooth ... Smells great . . I love how it makes your hair soft without that oily feeling like most hair products .
 This was everything i thought I would be . Very great customer service , arrived on time . I would work with this company again .
 I have used this product for years . It is the best product for my wild hair . It really tames it !
 I 've used this product for years and years . -LRB- I 've tried others and nothing compares -RRB- It makes my hair so soft and manageable -LRB- if I do n't use it , my hair gets super ratty -RRB- . I really can tell that it protects my hair from heat because I use hot tools all the time and my hair is still healthy ! I recommend it !
 have had curly thick wiry hair my whole life ... tried every product under the sun ... biosilk right after shower followed by this other stuff I buy in drug store its a natural gel ... works great !
 So you just get used to the same haircare products that were such a great price to introduce you to them and the prices go skyhigh . Looked online and voile same product for way less and no gas .
 I mix this product with A/G Fast food for hair and put it in my hair after I shower every morning . I notice that if I go very long without my morning leave in condition routine , I stop getting complements on my hair . When I am actively making sure that I use this product as well as the Fast Food for hair I always receive complements on how pretty my hair is . I am no expert on hair care but I would say that the proof is in the pudding with this product .
 An actual miracle product , I do n't have many complaints about it . I use it mostly on dry hair and it instantly smooths frizzies and softens hair and makes it all wonderfully shiny -LRB- not greasy ! -RRB- . I reluctantly purchased a 12 oz bottle some time about a year ago for somewhere around $ 20.00 - $ 25.00 and I still have about little under 1/4 of the bottle left . This stuff lasts a lifetime , even for me , who uses about twice the recommended usage amount very often!This stuff goes a long way , let me tell you , you hardly need any for instant results . This product has saved me many times and I 'll gladly buy it again . Do n't be intimidated by the price , it 's worth it and it will last you forever . One of my most favourite hair products that has a permanent spot on my hair care routine .
 I have longish wavy hair that I color occasionally . My hair tends to frizz up and look frazzled out , even though I never use a blow dryer . I have tried a lot of different hair-smoothing products , from shampoos to conditioners to leave-in lotions.But this stuff ! It makes my hair sleek and silky in a way that no over-the-counter stuff I have ever found could . It 's not goopy or gel-ly or oily like many anti-frizz products . I think it 's silicone-based , so it just slithers onto your hair and then makes it look like a '70s shampoo commercial . -LRB- If I also use a straightening wand for special occasions , it looks like `` princess hair . '' -RRB- My hair also feels about 500 % softer than it does without it . Not just subtly softer , if you 're paying close attention , but like the difference between those new kind of plush toys that have extra-silky fur , compared to the old-fashioned kind of stuffed-animal fur . -LRB- I 've had guys compliment me on the softness of my hair since I started using it . -RRB- This is a `` desert-island '' product for me!I had a shampoo-sized bottle -LRB- not sure of the exact ounces -RRB- and it lasted nearly two years .
 I 've used this product for years and each time I run out of it , I think about trying something less expensive , but end up regretting it , and reorder Biosilk .
 You ca n't beat the price . I bought this same bottle in w * lmart and paid $ 24 ! I was so ticked ... I did n't realize the price would be so high until after checkout . Promptly returned it and bought a bottle on here instead . This stuff is like liquid gold -LRB- quality wise -RRB- . It really makes your hair shine . One thing to be aware of though is that with the bigger bottles the product tends to separate so you need to really shake it up before you use it . Otherwise you get this weird , watery stuff .
 So I bought the wrong product , mixed up the name . It turned out in my favor . First off , this is HUGE , I mean OVER A YEARS SUPPLY , and this price is not too shabby.I 've read some reviews where it states if you use too much it makes your hair greasy ... WELL DUH . It 's a moisturizer . It 's a very good protector as well , it 's to prevent burning your hair . Honestly , you do n't need a lot , just a SMALL , small dab on your finger . That 's it , seriously , that 's why this large bottle can last well over a year.That one small dab you evenly distribute on all four of your fingers on both sides , then run your fingers through your hair , until satisfied . If you do n't feel like you did n't use a sufficient amount , then add a little more . SERIOUSLY , do n't overdue it . This is good stuff , you only need a little.Another thing I love , is how it smells , and it lingers in your hair till you wash it out . It 's not overpowering , but you get occasional wafts of it throughout the day , and it 's lovely .
 This Biosilk is the real product . I was a little worried when I read the negative reviews claiming this is not the real product . In fact , I was so worried that I went to a salon and spoke with a hair stylist . I explained what my concerns where and then she looked at the product picked it up and shook it . After shaking the product , the consistency and smell was exactly the same as the open bottle she had been using her salon.Furthermore , if you take the time to read the directions on the back of the bottle it says `` Shake well before use . '' So I think people should take the time to read the instructions before they claim that something is a fake or a bad product.I have been an Amazon shopper for many years and I spend a lot of money here . I have only had one or two bad experiences with the products they sell . It is true that some of the sellers using amazon 's market place may not be on the up and up but Amazon will usually handle any issues you have with them too.I am an Amazonian for life .
 This hair product is truly the best . This particular product was used every time I went to the salon . I was pleased with the results , so I went and bought a bottle of my own . You will not be disappointed ! It 's especially good if you wash your hair , and , before blow drying it , you rub it in your hands , and just smooth it all over the wet hair . Blowdry as normal -LRB- I usually do it with a large brush -RRB- , and the hair comes out silky , shiny , and gorgeous . It also smells great too ! Finish off with a flat iron , and your hair will look absolutely amazing ! -LRB- I have very long , around 3 ft of hair , and this can handle it ! -RRB-
 this is the best hair product i have ever used , -LRB- and i have used a lot -RRB- it is not greasy and smells so good ! i even use it on my skin as a softner and is leaves my skin nourised and soft . i just cant say enough about it , i have turned my friends and family on to it too . you wont be able to live without it once you have tried it and you cant get over its great dual purpose once you have tried it on your skin too . best smelling product ever .
 I have very dry and brittle hair . I have tried everything to help soften my hair . Nothing has worked until now . Biosilk is amazing . You only have to use a small amount and it changes your hair texture entirely . This is absolutely the best hair product available .
 This is probably the best serum I have ever used ! It did seem a little pricey to me at first ... considering i can just go down to wal mart and buy a bottle of serum for less than half the price of this but it is so worth it ! I got my first bottle of biosilk silk therapy in May and i still have more than half the bottle left ! I use it about 3X a week along with my hair straightener and the results are amazing ! I have a lot of split ends due to coloring and heat styling and this seems to seal them right up ... . it also doesnt weigh down your hair and it doesnt have any scent to it which is nice . I dont think I 'll ever switch back to any other hair serum ever again !!
 I like to straighten my hair with a straightening iron once in a while . Since my hair is naturally curly AND I live in the hot humid weather of Georgia , it is difficult to find a product that will maintain smoothness and banish frizz when I want to wear it straight . After appyling BioSilk to my hair , I had to run an errand . Not only was it humid outside , but it was also misting rain . My hair remained smooth and frizz free !
 This is hands down the best leave-in treatment on the market and has been for many years . Even since I was a teenager my hair would grow to about 6-8in past my shoulders and start splitting all over , forcing me to cut it , and no fancy product seemed to help . Then back in 2003 I worked as a hair product consultant/salesgirl in this giant Beauty Supply store which carried more hair brands that you ever knew existed . People gasped when they would walk in . I learned a lot about hair there and got to try a huge number of products , including Biosilk Serum which I have been using since then . It prevents split ends , dentangles my fine hair without leaving it greasy or weighted down , and leaves it silky smooth and soft . People always ask me what I 'm using when they touch my hair . Over the decade that I have been using this , I have occasionally tried other similar silicone-based serums , from Biolage to Chi to Paul Mitchell to KMS to RUSS and many others I ca n't even remember now . And nothing , absolutely nothing comes close to Biosilk !!! I 've ran out a few times and stopped using it and before long the hair gets dry , splitends-y , and a horrible tangled mess.Here is a trick on using it that has served me well . After washing your hair , towel dry slightly -LRB- it 's ok if its still a bit drippy even -RRB- , then bend over and flip your hair over . This step is CRUCIAL because you want this ONLY on the bottom half of your hair , and nowhere near the roots . Then pour the product into your palm - abt the size of a nickel for short hair and the size of a quarter for long hair . Do not use more than 2 quarters even if you have very thick long hair , trust me . A little goes a long long long way . Once you pour out the proper amount rub your palms together to spread the product . It 's going to feel greasy and gross but fear not . Next start scrunching the tips of your hair and rubbing the stands between your palms to distribute the product . Do not put product on upper portions of your hair and nowhere near your scalp ! Rub only through the lower half and especially the ends . Voila . Once your hair dries it will be silky and detangled . And what to do with those greasy palms ? Just rub over your elbows or any other rough skin - it is an excellent skin moisturizer as well!While the bottle says you can use on dry hair I have had little success with that -- it does not spread well and it does give you a greasy feeling . I only use it when I wash my hair . DEFINITELY use before any heat tools - blow dry , curling , or flat iron.But beware ! All silicon products seal the hair cuticle so anything you apply afterwards will be much less effective , including mousse , hair spray and other styling products .
 I 've been using this for over 10 years now . I love how it gives your hair a piecey look so it accentuates my layers . You just need a tiny drop otherwise your hair will look oily . I rub it all over my hands and work it through my dry hair right after blow drying . Helps with flyaways too but does not completely get rid of them . Gives your hair a shiny non-frizzy look . Oh and I LOVE the smell . Overall great product !
 Love this product ! Gettin all my friends n family to try n they love it ! Will continue using probably forever !
 i 've been using this product for 3 years . ca n't find better ones . i have black , thick , thick , thick , thick , straight but frizzy hair . because my hair is so thick , hair perm or coloring does n't work very well . last year , like 3 times i had to go back to salons and get a perm or coloring right the day after i got them which made my hair so so so damaged . i know it does n't cure split or burnt ends , but after shampooing and cool drying i use this and it makes my hair so soft and untangled . glad to find this at amazon and buy at cheaper price with free shipping . thanks
 Love this product . I have been using it for years now to add shine to my hair without the added moisture . I use this product right after a shampoo , after I have flat-ironed my . It leaves my hair shiny and bouncy !
 I can not live without this lol . This stuff lasts you a really long time and has done wonders for my frizz ball hair . I ordered this almost a year ago and I 'm not even close to being halfway done with this , although it really does n't take much ! Thumbs up .
 Have been a regular user of this product for several years . Expected product was received on a timely basis and at a reasonable price .
 My girlfriend switched me to this products a while ago and I love it . I have pretty thin hair that tend to fly all over the place at a smallest gust of wind . So annoying . It gets stuck to my lipstick ... and then I get pink moustache . This product helps to weigh my hair down a bit that prevent it flying everywhere . it smells great too , sort of fruity . A bit expensive , but this small bottle lasts quite a while .
 I LOVE the Biosilk Therapy . Leaves my hair shiny , soft , manageable and siiiiilky ! There is a huge difference when I use the flatiron with and without the silk therapy . The results with it are fantastic . It also helps a lot with the frizzies during Summer and Winter . I also use the Biosilk Shampoo . They are both wonderful products and I highly recommend them .
 I used to use this product when I was younger and could not find it again.I bought the biggest bottle possible and it feels so good on my hair.It made it feel so smooth and the smell ... to die for!I will be buying more when I run out !
 wow I fall in love on this product !!! love it on my hair , I recommend this product ! I 'll definitely buy it again ...
 I have used Biosilk before , and I absolutely love it ! This is a great product . It really does make your hair feel soft and lightweight . It also got here sooner than it was supposed to .
 There are many products out there for smoothing hair . Biosilk Silk Therapy is one of the best ; this product can be used on all different types of hair from long , short , strait , curly , frizzy , to all different ethnic backgrounds . This product can also be used on children that have hair that is not tamed . This product is also good for individuals that are constantly straightening their hair with a flat iron . I have used this product on my children as well as friends and family that have asked me to do their hair , I have never been disappointed and either has anyone that I have known that has used this product . This product is used in salons all over the country as well as sold in salons and all your local grocery store as well as online . I recommend this product to anyone that uses a silk therapy serum ; this product contains no alcohol so it will not dry out your hair like most other products .
 I LOVE this product for my hair . I have used it for years and was ecstatic to find it at such a GREAT price . I paid approx . $ 2 more for this bottle which is over TWICE the size of the one I `` used '' to buy . Thrilled !
 Great product , at the best price you 'll be able to find . This helps my hair calm down after a shower , and makes it so smooth to the touch . Combine with moisturizing shampoo and ceramic straightener to have healthy , smooth , and shiny hair . I also use this to finger through my hair when it 's curled to calm the fly-aways .
 My hairdresser first introduced me to Biosilk , and now I ca n't live without it ! It makes my very , very curly , fine hair manageable without any frizz !!! It is rather expensive if purchased from the salon , so I searched the internet for baragin prices and found this deal from Amazon.com . This is the lowest price I found anywhere .
 This is a great hair protector for those of us who use heat styling -LRB- hair dryer , curling iron , etc. -RRB- I also use it for a light lotion on my arms and because it smells so good it acts as a nice purfume . Whenever I do the latter , I always have people asking me what purfume I am wearing because they like it so much .
 I have stick straight hair ; naturally brunette with really light highlights that have been brutal to my hair . I bought this at a discount beauty supply company , and have been thrilled with the results . A couple drops in my hair and I can comb it through ! It dries smooth and silky . More for a sleeker look and a little less if I want more texture.I have also noticed that my hair condition improves as I continue to use this -LRB- probably due to less stress on the hair overall -RRB- The smell is wonderful , reminds me of the old Breck Shampoo -LRB- in a good way -RRB- very clean.My two year old daughter has total curly ringlets , and I use this after her bath , and I can immediately comb right through them -LRB- time and sanity saver -RRB- . Plus , with summer humidity , her hair just curls up into neat ringlets instead of frizz . I am sold.Like the others have said , start on the roots and work your way up . Too much on the roots will weigh your hair down.I bought the big 11 oz size in October . I use it for both of us and and 10 mos . later , I have a little less than half left . I would have paid full price for this and have been completely satisfied , if not blown away .
 I love Biosilk . This product is great for any hair type . Just a tiny dab -LRB- about the size of a green pea -RRB- on damp hair keeps my hair soft and silky under the most adverse conditions - blow drying , swimming pools , you name it . This is also great rubbed into your skin . Leaves you soft and silky all over . I also appreciate the way it tames dry flyaway hair . Try it , you will love it , too !
 Its bottle is different as I expected -LRB- I think it 's redesigned one -RRB- , but I knew it 's really great product for hair . I 've used the biosilk serum for two years , and I really like it ! : -RRB- Additionally , it 's delivered in a day !!
 i love this product it makes my hair silky & smooth i use i every day . buy it u wont be sorry
 This biosilk makes your haie so soft and silky . It really does work .
 I have longish wavy hair that I color occasionally . My hair tends to frizz up and look frazzled out , even though I never use a blow dryer . I have tried a lot of different hair-smoothing products , from shampoos to conditioners to leave-in lotions.But this stuff ! It makes my hair sleek and silky in a way that no over-the-counter stuff I have ever found could . It 's not goopy or gel-ly or oily like many anti-frizz products . I think it 's silicone-based , so it just slithers onto your hair and then makes it look like a '70s shampoo commercial . -LRB- If I also use a straightening wand for special occasions , it looks like `` princess hair . '' -RRB- My hair also feels about 500 % softer than it does without it . Not just subtly softer , if you 're paying close attention , but like the difference between those new kind of plush toys that have extra-silky fur , compared to the old-fashioned kind of stuffed-animal fur . -LRB- I 've had guys compliment me on the softness of my hair since I started using it . -RRB- This is a `` desert-island '' product for me!I had a shampoo-sized bottle -LRB- not sure of the exact ounces -RRB- and it lasted nearly two years .
 I bought this for Christmas stockings , and the bottles were perfect -- nice quality , large enough to use , small enough for token gifts .
 I love the color of this lip liner . It 's the best match for my skin tone I 've ever found . I 've never been a fan of self sharpening lip liners . This is one you have to sharpen .
 I was so pleased to find this color lip liner , which seemed to have all but disappeared from the shelves of stores.The delivery time frame was fine and it was packaged very well .
 Great product . This is a gorgeous color with clear gloss over . Kim Kardashian cute ! The only thing that could be better is if iy was self sharpening .
 I love this color , it 's a great shade and flexible . The only bad part about it is it 's a pain to find / get .
 Prestige lip liner is the best ! It is not greasy and really does stay on all day . I also love the pink colors available for us blondes . the product arrived very quickly and I am very satisfied with this purchase .
 This is a favorite product . I love the pale color that does n't overpower the lip shape .
 had a hard time this as it was out of stock alot of places . that may be because its great . a perfect color for me as my skin is white and i have dark hair . its pale and natural like real lips but better .
 I love the color of this lip liner . It 's the best match for my skin tone I 've ever found . I 've never been a fan of self sharpening lip liners . This is one you have to sharpen .
 I was so pleased to find this color lip liner , which seemed to have all but disappeared from the shelves of stores.The delivery time frame was fine and it was packaged very well .
 Great product . This is a gorgeous color with clear gloss over . Kim Kardashian cute ! The only thing that could be better is if iy was self sharpening .
 I love this color , it 's a great shade and flexible . The only bad part about it is it 's a pain to find / get .
 Prestige lip liner is the best ! It is not greasy and really does stay on all day . I also love the pink colors available for us blondes . the product arrived very quickly and I am very satisfied with this purchase .
 This is a favorite product . I love the pale color that does n't overpower the lip shape .
 had a hard time this as it was out of stock alot of places . that may be because its great . a perfect color for me as my skin is white and i have dark hair . its pale and natural like real lips but better .
 I received this item before it was expected . I love this scent . This product was exactly as advertised . I would shop with this vendor again .
 This sucker gets HOT ! It 's curls my coarse difficult hair in record time and has so many different settings . I just love it .
 I bought this because my beautician uses Hot Tools . I am still learning to use it , but it 's certainly a lot better than the curling irons I have bought in the local discount stores ! Was pleased with the quickness of the delivery as well !
 Purchased one 1 '' and one 5/8 '' both are great . Got a better deal buyin through Amazon . Keep up the good work !!!
 The iron gets really hot so the curls stay . Its made sturdy and feels good when curling , the only bad thing it does not have automatic shut-off and if its left on it keeps getting hotter
 This is a great curling iron . Not only does it heat up very fast and very hot -LRB- I 've only turned the dial up to three out of a possible ten , because it 's to strong -RRB- , but it makes beautiful curls that last for days . Depending on the type of look you want , they make the curlers in different sizes . This size is terrific for long hair if you want ringlets . They also make a curler with a bigger barrel for very loose curls , waves , and even to straighten , and they have even smaller barrels for tighter curls . This was a good size for me.I 've used it for quite a while and had no problems with it ... it lasts very well .
 I own several Hot Tools curling irons and think these are great ! They get very hot and curl very well .
 i bought this iron after my stylist used it on me for my wedding day . i loved how easily it worked on my hard to curl hair and it gets hot really fast . plus , it 's a great value . i 'm very pleased with this purchase !!
 I love this iron it gets super hot really fast and it keeps the curls in all day ... even without having to diffuse or with a leave in conditioner ! I 'd say the only flaw of this product is that the cord tangles easily ... ive had mine for about a month and its already getting hard to loosen , it winds itself up tight .
 i 've only used my iron a few times , and i must say i am overall satisfied ... i mean , for the price , it works well ... i did n't have any outrageous expectations.i only gave it 4 stars because i 've only had it for over 1 month ... so , i do n't know how long mine will last ... If it 'll last me years , then , id give it 5 ...
 I can use it for curling and straightening . It has gotten hotter than any other curling iron that i have owned . I am ordering my next one in the next couple of days . I have had my last one for atleast 3 years . I was replacing my conair curling irons about once a year . Very affordable compaired to others and buying it Amazon is saving me around eighteen dollars , compaired to Beauty Co. .
 The Best Curling Irons on The Market ! This is my wife 's second one of these as she wore her first one out after 10 years of everyday use !
 Needed a larger curling iron and expect to order an even larger one in a few weeks . This is a great product , my hair is naturally straight and needs the extra heat that this curling iron gives . I had a smaller one and needed to upgrade to a larger one and since it worked so well , I stuck with the same brand . Great product and price . Thanks .
 This brand is the only curling iron that will curl my hair and it actually stay curled . They are the best .
 Bought this as an early Christmas present for my wife and received it super fast . My wife was extremely surprised and swears by it !
 This is the best curling iron I 've ever had in my hand ! The long thumb rest makes use very easy and comfortable , in addition to making it easier to use in either hand , regardless of hand dominance . The heating range makes it easy to adjust use for different types of hair . My hair is VERY thick and it is STILL very quick to whip my hair into a cute style with this tool . I can curl my hair in half the time with this curling iron than it would take with a curling iron purchased from a discount store . The curls have staying power , too ! I recommend ensuring your hair is super dry with some smoothing balm thrown in , or your hair can frizz later in the day , but that 's true and probably would happen much quicker with any other curling iron . This is my favorite styling tool and I 'm VERY glad I made the decision to get one . Plus , it includes two extra clasp springs -LRB- or whatever they are called -RRB- . Awesome !
 I researched curling irons on the net and decided this met my needs for my hair type , fine with little body .
 This curling iron is great and very reliable . It heats up super fast and gives you a great curl that lasts without using lots of hairspray .
 I love this curling iron ! The heat dial is wonderful ~ It gets very hot and holds the curl in my thick hair . It 's the same one my hairdresser uses and I get the same results at home -- for a very reasonable price !
 I bought this item for my wife for a verry fair price of $ 25.00 and it was verry worth it she loves it she takes it every were it heats up awsomely .
 Love Hot Tools I use it now , and love it . But I 'm living over seas so I 'm wondering if any of these items are dual voltage 110/220 ? Please let me know . I 'm mainly interested in the 1 '' , 1.5 '' , or 2 '' curling iron or the flat Iron 1 '' .
 I buy Hot Tools as my only brand over the years and I am never disappointed . They get hot enough and the hair clamp is tight enough and the cord is easy to manuever . It is a good product and has been for all of my purchases .
 This product performs just as it was advertised to do . Muhy hairdresser recommended the Hot Tools curling iron . It is the she uses in the salon . The price , even with shipping , was much less than it was at my local Ulta store . I am complete satisfied with it .
 same grate price and perfect for what i need its the same product from retail stores but at a very low price .
 I love this curling iron . It 's not too expensive , heats up quickly and makes perfect curls . Only thing is , I bought two and the on/off switch on one broke after only a few months of having it . Other than that , it 's great .
 I love this brand and curling iron . I have used it for years . My hairdresser uses the same one . Love that I can control the temperature ! You wo n't be disappointed .
 Pros : - Heats up quickly-A lot of heat settings-The cord is long , and its rotates for easy use-The handle is comfortableCons : - The clamp on the iron is pretty heavy , so if you have it on high heat and then clamp it on your hair , it may crease.Overall this curling iron is good , especially for the price it is offered at . I would say I have a lot of fine hair , if that helps determine if you may experience the issue of the high heat setting putting creases in your hair . The handle is extremely comfortable , so if you have a lot of hair to curl you wont have a problem holding on to the iron . The curls also hold well even when you do n't apply hairspray or gel .
 I have waist length hair and I keep trying to find curling irons that allow me to get that popular half curled look easily . This iron has done the best so far , it does n't burn my hair , it 's easy to use and heats up quickly .
 I love this curling iron ! It gets hot enough to curl my hair and curl stays for a long time ! Highly recommend !
 I love the Hot Tools brand and this one curling iron is great . I had purchased a wider one then had my hair cut so now I need the 1 &#34; . I 'll save my larger one for when my hair is longer .
 I have owned a 11/4 &#34; Hot Tools Professional Spring Curling Iron for over 20 years . These things are built to last ! The quality of this brand of curling iron has not changed and I love my new 1 &#34; curling iron . The 1 &#34; barrel size gives my medium-length hair great curls , and I get compliments on the curls in my hair all of the time . My hair is naturally wavy , and this curling iron creates curls that hold very well and do not fall , not even after several hours . This curling iron heats fast and stay hot . I would highly recommend this purchase .
 Bought it for my sister-in-law , and she loves it . She would recommend it to anyone looking for a good deal .
 I purchased this on a recommendation from a friend and I am very happy with it . Before curling my hair was impossible despite the other curlers I have , but since using this one , I can curl my hair in a snap . The different temp settings is great .
 This is a beutiful fragrance ! This purchasing experience was awesome !! Item was received long before it was due , I highly recommend this seller !
 Stila Lip Glaze is perfect for a shiny yet moisturizing lip glaze . I just wish it was n't so expensive . The taste is n't all that great and I 'm not sure why there are some complaints about the way the tube works . You just turn the bottom of the tube , wait about ten seconds for the glaze to start coming up , and then brush on your lips . I keep looking for a cheaper alternative but I have n't found one yet ...
 Love the Stila brand & this color is fantastic ! Does n't try out ur lips & there is minimal flavor -LRB- which is great -RRB-
 I love Stila Lip Glaze ; it 's been my product of choice for several years now . It 's thick enough to make a difference when you have it on , but I love that Vanilla adds a nude shimmer to my lips without the fake-looking pink or red tint that I 've seen with some lip glosses . To each her own .
 This has staying power ! Not the revlon 8 hr type , just nice , thickens to your likeness and just a bit goes a long way . I love the sheer intensity of the color , and Amazon has it for a great price . It also does n't have that weird artificial flavor or smell that some glosses have which is always nice .
 I found out about stila cause my grandmothers friend used it.I was shocked when I saw the price but this seller had a cheaper one on sale . I bought grapefruit . It 's not the color for me cause its just like my natural lip color maybe lighter . There was another I wanted but before I could buy it it went out of stock . I think it would 've been a better color for me.Initially it took 10-15 + clicks to get it started . It takes about 5 clicks to get anything out for me now . I 'll admit I expected it to have more in it but you do n't need to use very much . It 's a lil gooey if you get to much.I would recommend this to anyone who wants a quality lip gloss.I 'll be posting pictures so be sure to check them out ! : -RRB-
 This is one of my beauty must haves . I am allergic to Chapstick and Vaseline and I can actually use this all day and everyday ! No matter how chapped my lips are this makes them so smooth ! Plus it tastes really good ! This is my favorite out of the Stila line . -LRB- I own like 10 colors -RRB- It is n't sticky or gooey and is so moisturizing ! This came new in the box and arrived in 2 days ! Once you try this you will be hooked like I am ! Plus I am usually allergic to ALOT of products and I am so happy I can use this !!
 Vanilla and Brown SugarA grown-up version of your favorite teenage gloss.it 's sticky so that may turn off some people , but I love it.pumped up , glossy , sexy lips , with a yummy flavor.the wand is like a click pen and the gloss is applied with a brush for control.I admit I am a bit addicted!What 's not to love ???
 I first smelled this scent on a cruise ship and liked it ... so did my wife . Like probably a lot of people I was a previous user of the regular Curve . I waited until I got home to buy it because I knew I would get a smoking deal on it from Amazon . I read the single review on Curve Chill talking about how weak it was , and was a little worried . I actually like scents that are subtle , so I thought this may actually work in my favor.What I got instead was super strong , and stands in such stark contrast to the experience of the first reviewer . If I spray more than about a quarter spray on myself I smell like I have been marinating in it . And it lasts all the way until the next morning . It is really strong stuff!I can only conclude that the other reviewer got a bad batch , or perhaps I got a bad batch . Either that , or its just all very subjective ... each person reacts differently.Suffice it to say , I have about 25 years worth of cologne in this 4oz bottle at the rate I spray it on . So , I give it 5 stars for being a good value , but 3 stars for being too strong ... a blended score of 4 stars .
 The regular Curve has long been my daily stand-by . Bought this one a whim when I saw a great price . Wife * loves * it , even more than the regular Curve or any of my other more expensive colognes . YMMV .
 Curve Chill by Liz Claiborne smells great and is a `` steal of a deal '' ... Chill is a clean citrus fragrance out of the bottle that settles on the skin with notes of citrus , floral , and musk . Definitely , a good scent that has appeal . There have been some comparisons to Chrome , but I am not sure I get that ... Nothing new to the scent , but it does have appeal . That is about the extent of the fragrance - I am a huge fan of the original Curve and Bora Bora , but Chill does not have the longevity of those two ... Disappointing ... My reviews generally consider the following areas that are important to me
 This product met all of my expectations . It the smell was very good . I received comments when I put a small amount on . . Very good !
 i like the smell of this cologne on my husband , not too strong and I will be getting this product for him .
 This Product was a gift , and the person that it was given to seem to enjoy the semll . Thank you .
 The Product was a great buy . Item as described and was shipped fast ! Would highly recommend seller . Great price . Packed well
 the sent is very light and easy on the senses , and last for hours , I will continue to order this and others ...
 Bought this for my finacee . He loves anything Liz Claiborne for Men . It smells light and it perfect for year round cologne . It smells very good on him .
 Ive been using the Curve Chill at least 6 years , i am more than glad to keep buyng it from amazon since is one of my favorites fragances .
 I got a half oz . of this exact kind of curve at walmart and it was $ 11 ! So i got it to try and its pretty damn good it last a long time and when i got the package i thought it was n't going to be this big its going to last my whole school year and further . Definitely recomend this its $ 15.51 come on its ridiculously cheap !
 i bought this because they do not sell it in the department stores , they stopped selling it a couple of years ago . i had been looking for this curve chill and im glad they had it here . im going to buy another one in a couple of months just so that i wont run out .
 This cologne smells great ! and the price ?!? just makes it that much better ... Im 23 ... dont know if older guys would like this though ...
 Came in on time neatly packaged and in perfect condition smells clean and fresh . For when you just wan na `` chill '' .
 rapido y un producto de exelente calidad . era lo que buscaba y la empresa amazon me facilita esta y muchas compras mas de exelente calidad
 The iteam came very quickly and arrived before christmas even though it said it wouldnt and it also smells fantastic !
 I bought this for my husband as a gift . He normally wears another scent of curve , but we both love this one too .
 Got it right before the weekend so i can wrap it and put it under the tree . . It smells great and arrived quickly
 This fragrance smells good , however has poor longevity . It lasts 3 hours tops . I get a nice citrus , pepper mix from it .
 This fragrance is by far the best Curve one I 've tried . Unlike the Classic Curve or Kicks fragrances , this one is not so ` strong ' or ` distinctive ' yet still has a VERY enjoyable smell . It is n't overbearing and still holds it 's aroma hours after applied . It also does n't get old or worn out in my opinion . I do n't think I 'll ever get tired of this cologne . Definitely recommend !
 I totally love the smell of this cologne and everyone in my office loves it too !!! The ladies absolutely love it !!!
 I just wanted to let you know that the price on the Curve Crush was the best around and it came a lot faster than expected , too .
 I get really bad calluses on my heals and this works great to get the thick dead skin off . Becareful not to take too much off or it can be really sensitive for a while .
 Two of my teenaged daughters are hooked on the Dessert Treats line . They love the Whipped Cream because it 's a body cream that comes out of the bottle in the form of a mousse and then sinks into the skin to moisturize.My oldest daughter , age seventeen , says that the fragrance of `` Lollipop '' reminds her of strawberries outside on a summer 's day . She 's my dreamy child . The youngest daughter , age thirteen , says that `` Lollipop '' just reminds her of fruity hard candy.They both love the gimmick of the mousse body cream formula , and I would recommend this product to anyone who needs an inexpensive gift for a tweenager or a teenager . It also makes a good stocking stuffer .
 Love love love that I can still find this stuff since it came out so long ago ! First time trying this particular product - love it ! Smells great , not sticky , goes on smooth , dries quick ... and the smell lasts a looong time ! Def buying this again through Amazon when I 'm finished the first bottle !
 I could n't ask for a better product . This is outstanding and I hope it continues with it 's brilliants . This product and all of ` CM 's ' goods are the right stuff for people like me with face scarring . It take practice to apply but when you have the knack , it 's so easy .
 Stila Lip Glaze is perfect for a shiny yet moisturizing lip glaze . I just wish it was n't so expensive . The taste is n't all that great and I 'm not sure why there are some complaints about the way the tube works . You just turn the bottom of the tube , wait about ten seconds for the glaze to start coming up , and then brush on your lips . I keep looking for a cheaper alternative but I have n't found one yet ...
 Love the Stila brand & this color is fantastic ! Does n't try out ur lips & there is minimal flavor -LRB- which is great -RRB-
 I love Stila Lip Glaze ; it 's been my product of choice for several years now . It 's thick enough to make a difference when you have it on , but I love that Vanilla adds a nude shimmer to my lips without the fake-looking pink or red tint that I 've seen with some lip glosses . To each her own .
 This has staying power ! Not the revlon 8 hr type , just nice , thickens to your likeness and just a bit goes a long way . I love the sheer intensity of the color , and Amazon has it for a great price . It also does n't have that weird artificial flavor or smell that some glosses have which is always nice .
 I found out about stila cause my grandmothers friend used it.I was shocked when I saw the price but this seller had a cheaper one on sale . I bought grapefruit . It 's not the color for me cause its just like my natural lip color maybe lighter . There was another I wanted but before I could buy it it went out of stock . I think it would 've been a better color for me.Initially it took 10-15 + clicks to get it started . It takes about 5 clicks to get anything out for me now . I 'll admit I expected it to have more in it but you do n't need to use very much . It 's a lil gooey if you get to much.I would recommend this to anyone who wants a quality lip gloss.I 'll be posting pictures so be sure to check them out ! : -RRB-
 This is one of my beauty must haves . I am allergic to Chapstick and Vaseline and I can actually use this all day and everyday ! No matter how chapped my lips are this makes them so smooth ! Plus it tastes really good ! This is my favorite out of the Stila line . -LRB- I own like 10 colors -RRB- It is n't sticky or gooey and is so moisturizing ! This came new in the box and arrived in 2 days ! Once you try this you will be hooked like I am ! Plus I am usually allergic to ALOT of products and I am so happy I can use this !!
 Vanilla and Brown SugarA grown-up version of your favorite teenage gloss.it 's sticky so that may turn off some people , but I love it.pumped up , glossy , sexy lips , with a yummy flavor.the wand is like a click pen and the gloss is applied with a brush for control.I admit I am a bit addicted!What 's not to love ???
 I bought this for my husband to use on his back . But he never used it saying it was too much work to do the mask then the scrub . Anways I started using it for the pimples on my face and its great !! The mask feels so cool on your skin and by the next day the pimples were less obvious and by 3 days they were gone !!!!!!!!
 I was slightly concerned considering the ONE other review - but I received my lip glosses as I ordered them , no problems . Thanks !
 I love this item . I 've always had trouble growing my nails out - they would split or break , or I would bite them because they were never strong enough to make it past the nail bed . I started using this product regularly after it first came out - and I 've had strong nails ever since - I have to file them to keep them short ! I 'm frustrated because the Rite Aid 's seem to have stopped carrying the Almay Nail Product line - and can not find it anywhere but here on Amazon . I highly recommend this product and hope it never goes away !
 I absolutely love this product , never had long fingernailsand using this I do . Of course now it ca n't be found.My sister is having the same luck with the product . Whyoh why is it gone.Unhappy in Kansas
 this stuff is just wonderful . all other hair gel flakes and does n't hold my calics in place . i love you textureline .
 Excellent concealer . I have always had a problem finding the right shade to conceal the dark circles around my eyes , but not any longer ? Thank you Bobbi Brown .
 Almay 's Massage and Grow is a good , basic cuticle cream . It is a bit greasy but effective .
 Item met all expectations.Now enjoying the fragrance.Received the order well within the anticipated arrival date.Would recommend to others .
 This cologne is a kind of woody smelling cologne and it is a pretty subtle smelling and stays with you all day long . so over all it is a good cologne for any where .
 I have used this product for a few years now , and I love it . I have dark circles under my eyes and I 've tried everything to cover it up . This is the best so far . It works best if mixed with a little moisturizer and then set with the Covermark clear finishing powder .
 I love this product . It is very easy to use . Goes on evenly & smoothly . I would reccommend to to anyone .
 I have ordered many times from this company and what a great company to deal with !! Excellent customer service and problem solving !! Thank you !
 I love this Joico product ! I have been using it for years and is the best product for my wavy/easily frizzed hair when I want to wear it curly . I use a quarter-sized squirt , rub through my palms , and scrunch into and through my wet hair . I 'm very careful to get the ends . My hair curls the best if it is very wet , but well towel-dried works too . I then use my blow dryer w / a diffuser on low and that equals great curls for me . I 've used it on my daughters too , but it does n't work well , because they have straight hair . It 's been a long time since I tried the gel and blow dried straight - it seems that did not work . Hope you curly , wavy and frizzed -LRB- but not anymore ! -RRB- heads give it a try !
 I love using Joico hair products . I have long wavy hair and other products make my hair too stiff or too limp . I found that the Joilotion works well for my hair type .
 I have been using this product for probably 25 years . Of all the liqui-gels , it is the one that works for me .
 I really like this product but had a hard time finding it . I was so glad to see it online at such a good price .
 Works as described seems to maintain the same quality for along time which is nice not like others that I wo n't name names but my wife 's friend Sebastian changed his &#34; style &#34; and it sucks .
 I have been using JoiCo products for years . My hair is straightened every three months , and colored . This repairs most of the damage , and their JoiLotion is fantastic . I put extra on , the blow out my hair . It makes it look like real hair , not processed .
 Have used this product for many years ; other similar products sold , but none come close to this one.Great coverage ; stays on until you 're ready to take it off . Highly recommend this `` magical '' product .
 Tried other foundations but always come crawling :-RRB- back to this one . Great coverage and perfect for sensitive skin .
 I have had a skin condition called ` Vitilago ' for the past 30 years . This skin condition has occurred under , above and around my eyes , so it 's very obvious . Covermark Face Magic has been a ` life saver ' all of these years because no other make-up could conceal my light skin areas and blend them with my olive complextion . No one has known , except for my family , that I have this skin condition because the coverage is so natural . I am so happy that I can buy the make-up online from the Covermark Company . The tube lasts a long time for me because I just use it around my eyes . It 's a bit pricey -LRB- $ 17 for a small tube ... but well worth it !!! -RRB- There are several shades to chose from and the company is great to work with you on getting the ` right ' color . No other concealing make-up compares to this ... and I 've tried several over the years . Hope this has helped someone .
 I send this product for my aunt in germany . It does the job but I believe its a little too pricy for the small amount of make up .
 It 's amazing to find a new scent that is this exciting . While scent can be subjective , or vary from men and women 's affinities , this one has gotten rave notices from all in my proximity , who notice the subtle divine traces around them . I love it.It reminds me of a younger and lighter , and a pinch spicier version of Estee Lauder 's White Linen . In an age of perfume-haters , it 's great to have a scent that is more like a young fresh Spring breeze , and not a heavy fragrance that makes people sneeze .
 I love this fragrance . This is my second time buying this . I alternate this one with another fragrance I use for everyday use because it is not overpowering but light enough and still manages to linger for a full 8 to 12 hours .
 This is a slightly sweet , slightly spicy scent that is not overpowering . It has a clean finish that seems to linger in the air after you are gone . The spray is slightly stronger than the sample , so be careful how much you use . It is well worth the price you pay .
 I love this parfum ! The scent is fresh and light , not over powering . Great price as well ! It , however , does not stay all day .
 `` Exceptional-because You Are '' is very good for summer . It is light with a freshable note . Good for a facultative going out.Only , it is dificult to order from -LSB- ... -RSB- for people who are not US citizens . And should wait to long to get it .
 My wife was very pleased to recieve this special fragrance . We shopped at a number of stores in our area and failed to find this product . Kudos to Amazon . More than once , we 've found items on Amazon after shopping at many stores in our city and failing to find the product .
 I ca n't remember how many visits to the beauty salon have left both the stylist and myself frustrated . They attempt to gently comb out my hair with a blowdryer , then try to comb it with a straightener . My hair ends up looking frizzy and fluffy . Thanks.The secret to straight hair is heat + tension . This brush gives the tension to make the straightener effective.This product lets me go from pubey-looking curly frizzy hair to sleek and straight sexy hair in under 15 mins . I do my hair in six sections
 I have had a brush like this for many years and I must say it works wonderfully while blow drying or flat ironing your hair . It recently broke and I replaced it a similar brush by Chi , about $ 15 . I must say the Conair definitely worked better than the Chi . If I recall correctly , I paid less than $ 10 for the brush I purchased . I would like to get a replacement , but I think the cost is a little steep .
 I had this awhile ago but unfortunately it broke . I use this product when flat ironing my hair and i love it because instead of grabbing the hot hair with my fingers and burning them . . i can use the brush to grab it . It works perfectly . . no more burned fingertips
 I honestly do n't know why other companies have n't jumped on the bandwagon with an idea like this . I have had this brush for years , and it finally broke the other day . I currently have it taped up with duct tape so I can keep using it . But it is in dire need of replacement at this point , and I could n't find it at the drugstores -LRB- where I bought my current one -RRB- . I have naturally wavy hair , and this brush is the best thing for blow-drying hair straight ! I especially use it on my bangs , every day , b/c I HATE bangs that curl up ! I put a little smoothing gel on my bangs , then pull them taut with this brush and aim the hair dryer at them ... and voila ! ... straight , smooth bangs!I really do want to replace my broken , duct-taped brush , but I am shocked at the price of $ 29.00 for a non-electric hairbrush ! Do n't know if I want to spring for that much money , but I had to be honest and say this is a great product . Kudos to Conair !
 Love , love , love ! I was planning to use this with my blow dryer as the instructions say but found it to be awkward for me because of the bulkiness of the blow dryer and my own dexterity . However , like the above poster , I decided to try it with my flat iron -- OMG , it turned out great !!! My hair was so shiny and got so straight ! Straighter and shiner than I 've ever been able to get it with the flat iron by itself . I highly recommend !
 I have very curly hair , and I tried to use this with a blow dryer once and it just made my hair poofy and frizzy . HOWEVER
 I love this item ! It is the only way I get my hair straight ! The only down-side is that it breaks about every 3 months and I have to get a new one .
 My wife has used this fragrance for over 50 years and just loves it.The price in the stores was a little pricey for us in our old age , but the cost on Amazon.com makes it affordable.So we can afford it for another 50 ?????
 I love this fragrance , I recommend it , HAS A SOFT AROMA exquisite , the bottle design is simple , can be used at any time of day .
 One must remember that body chemistry has a lot to do with how effective perfumes can be . This one works great for me . A little goes a long way .
 I first purchased this product , about three years ago for my wife , she fell in love with it and now I buy this item for her at least five times a year or more . I highly recommend this product to all men for there wives or girlfriends .
 This perfume smells wonderful ! I have worn this for years and I love it , I would recommend it to anyone . Makes a great gift .
 I 've been using this makeup for over 9 years ! I got vitigo and this covers perfectly thedamage zone , it works excellent . The best part
 Although this product is marketed at children , there is no reason at all why adults should imagine that it wo n't be good enough for their needs . This has quickly become my favourite hairspray , and I 'll continue to purchase it for as long as it exists . It never leaves any dusty residue in my hair and it has a mild and fruity smell that reminds me of scratch n ' sniff stickers from the eighties . The French-Canadian theme of the product is also delightful .
 I have two small girls with very curly hair . This hairspray is great for kids . It works well and smells amazing ! I would highly recommend this product .
 I use this for myself and for my girls when they need to keep flyaways under control -LRB- photo time -RRB- . I do n't like heavy holds or chemicals so this is perfect .
 Even though this is for kids I bought this for myself because I love vanilla scent and I have not been able to find a hairspray that smells nice without competing with my perfume , with this soft vanilla scent any perfume would blend with this . It is soft to medium hold and adds shine !
 Just love this stuff , wo n't buy anything else for me or my daughters ... and smells delish ! Buy it you wo n't be disappointed !
 We would never want to spray our kids with chemical filled hair sprays , or use harsh gels or other products . If you have a child that is prone to frizzy hair , or who 's hairstyle you worked so hard to get just right , barely stays put , then this is the perfect spray for them . It is not going to make their hair so stiff that the wind wo n't mess it up , but it will provide a gentle and light hold . Perfect for school and everyday activities . There are no flakes or residues left like most hair sprays , and the smell is easy on the sinuses and definitely not overwhelming .
 This is the best product - I love it . We have gone through at least a dozen bottles on my 2 daughters and myself . It smells great and works great too . What more can you ask for . As long as this product is available it is the only hairspray I will use . I am never with out one on hand .
 I love this hairspray for my daughter . She always smells a little like cookies when you hug -LRB- even her 1st grade teacher commented ! -RRB- , it has good hold and it does n't seem to leave residue -LRB- washes out easily -RRB- . The price is a premium over regular spray , but at this age we do n't use much and it lasts a long time .
 I love the smell of vanilla and this French Vanilla hairspray smells great . I use it to control the frizziness in my hair and after I 've flattened my bob . At first I thought the scent was really light , but later I was pleased to find I could still smell vanilla in my hair . This is a nice item for kids and adults . Wonderful .
 This -LRB- Trucco/Sebastian -RRB- is great lipstick ... I particularly like the Hue shade . . soft and goes with almost everything . Its moist and lasts well ... alas , the whole product line is being discontinued ... do n't know why . . so I bought several of those left .
 This color is perfect and matches my original color which is fading as I get older . Very hard to find these days.Does the job with no damage at all . The picture on the box is the only thing wrong with this - this is a strawberry blonde color .
 I have light-medium brown hair and I use this color to give me a nice light golden auburn . I 've found that using colors meant for lighter hair tones produce a more subtle , natural effect on my darker hair , which is what I 'm going for ! So this is a great color for any other light-medium brunette who wants a nice little kick of golden red , though brunettes be aware that on your hair tone the color will NOT be a strawberry blond.Also I love the Natural Instincts line in general . As a semi-permanent dye Natural Instincts only coats the hair shaft . Permanent hair dye penetrates the shaft , weakening the hair and leading to damage . Semi-permanent dyes are much better for your hair and wash out gradually so roots are not an issue.There 's little smell to the Natural Instincts dye , the dye process takes only 10 minutes AND the dye comes with a great after-dye conditioner that smells grrrreat.Can say enough good things about this product and this color in particular .
 THIS IS THE BEST HAIR COLOR FOR GOLDEN RED HAIR . IT IS IMPOSIBLE TO FIND IT IN STORES AND I HOPE THEY DO NOT DISSCONTINUE MAKING THIS SHADE . please keep it in stock , you will always have enough happy people with this product . The color stays on much longer than any other colors . IT 'S THE BEST THERE IS . I HAVE BEEN USING HAIR COLORS FOR 30 YEARS AND I KNOW GOOD STUFF .
 This color is great for a natural `` Red Head '' that wants to hide the gray or just give a little pop to your color . My wife is just starting to get gray hair and her red hair is getting dull with age . This makes her hair look like back when we were 20-35 years old . I hesitated to even give a review of this product because I do n't want this vendor to run out . You will never be able to find this product in the stores . All other color product for red hair make women look like a freaking clowns except this one . I have ordered 25 boxes over a people of 6 months in fear of this vender running out .
 I really love this , easy to use , great color , and you really do not have to worry if it will leave roots showing ... ext
 Ordering was quick , easy , and the site is user-friendly . The product was delivered in just a few days . The Cologne was a present for my step-daughter who lives in Maryland and has been unable to find it there . She was delighted with the present ! Lady Stetson has a very pleasing fragrance and it is perfect for her . I am extremely pleased with the product , the on-line purchase , and the speed in which the order was delivered .
 I 'm so sorry to hear the last reviewer was unhappy about the `` pink '' shade to this color . I have used Covermark for many years , finishing up the last tube of several I purchased -LRB- 2001 , and the texture is getting strange ! -RRB- . It takes a few tries to find the right shade in any product . I need something that does n't look `` yellow '' when it 's supposed to be beige , fair , light , etc. . Nearly every cosmetic has a yellow cast , a problem , as I 'm very pale . Personally , I 'm thrilled to find a pink tone because it blends better -LRB- for me -RRB- and does n't look like , `` wow , she 's got a bad shade of cover on those veins '' . Bad cover draws attention to the problem , rather than conceal.I love this product , and I 've tried them all . Once you find the right shade for you , here are a few tips from my trials and errors with leg cover . Do your shaving first , then moisturize . This makes the legs smooth for the application . As this product is waterproof -LRB- yaaay ! -RRB- , it tends to get stuck on your cuticles and in dry skin on your hands . Not a problem if you wash it off immediately , but an annoyance . If you apply it with a round makeup sponge , the application is easier and more accurate.Press it on the worst areas and smooth out lightly on the edges . Let it dry before putting on clothing . If you 're in a hurry , the company sells a `` setting '' powder that is very finely milled . Pat it on , then smooth it with your hand . You can also use baby powder or perfumed talc , in lieu of their product . The best thing about this cover is that you can make it last a few days if you do n't scrub it off -LRB- or shave it off ! -RRB- those areas . Shower and soap as you normally would , but lightly hand smooth over the covered spots . You can touch up if some of it washes off . When it 's time to shave , use a scrubby to get it all off so you do n't dull the blade , and start again.Covermark is a miracle . So glad to see it 's still available , as it 's not sold locally . Bought several tubes last time , afraid I would n't be able to find it again . Bless Amazon ; they always seem to have the hard-to-find things !
 I purchased my first tube of CM Leg Magic from Amazon.com about six months ago . My purpose was to cover the numerous varicose veins present on the top of my feet and lower legs . Only a small amount of this product was enough to camouflage the veins ; most areas were not visible at all , and I applied it sparingly . It only takes a few minutes , and now I am enjoying wearing open sandals without embarrassment . I also might add that my skin is very sensitive ; causing it to `` break out '' in a rash easily . I 've had absolutely no problem with Leg Magic . I could not recommend this product more strongly !
 I am fair skinned and this color is perfect for me , especially if you follow the tips of the ace reviewer who suggested moisturizing first and then dabbing on as needed . It is one of the best products I 've purchased and I 'm quite hard to please and often disappointed when it comes to makeup products .
 Must use a moisturer under coverup.Product very dry.Product should insist on Their own moisturer or suggest stongly on package to apply a moisturer proir to application of coverup .
 This product , while it appears to be more expensive that other products , covers nicely and matches skin tones exactly . The only issue seems to be air in the tube where there should be product . However , I guess it is despensed by weight not volume .
 No need for surgery for a few of those spider veins . This is an effective product that is waterproof , and it blends right in .
 It only takes a small amount to deep cleanse and soothe the skin . The ingredients are especially intriguing : Fountain WaterRice BranCollagenLicoriceAloeSeaweedChamomileCoconut OilHoneyShikon Extract - herb with healing propertiesNatural Vitamin ESqualene - natural oil absorbed easily by the skin and leaves no residue . Also promotes new cell growth.Frankly this is yummy ! The scent is pleasant and mild . These products also have positive emotional aspects unlike the effects of harsh chemicals . You can truly feel your skin being nurtured by natural ingredients even after the first use . ~ The Rebecca ReviewP.S . The shampoo and conditioner are also fabulous . Theythicken your hair and leave it silky soft .
 This -LRB- Trucco/Sebastian -RRB- is great lipstick ... I particularly like the Hue shade . . soft and goes with almost everything . Its moist and lasts well ... alas , the whole product line is being discontinued ... do n't know why . . so I bought several of those left .
 I ordered this product in hopes of covering up some dark veins on my lower leg and ankle . I have had medical procedures to clear up larger veins on my upper leg but that has n't seem to have helped to clear up the lower `` superficial '' veins . If applied by `` patting '' it does an unbelievable job of covering up the veins . I was skeptical that is was going to look like `` make up '' but after it dried , it really blended in with my skin . I am very satisfied and feel confident to wear skirts and dresses again !
 I tried many products to cover the line on my lower chin , upper neck area ... and nothing really worked . After many internet searches I found this product with lots of good reviews ... . I tried it ! It is GREAT ! Be sure you put it on by ` patting ' . I apply my other face make up first , then pat on the leg magic , and pat/blend the two areas that meet . Works great ! The line is gone , goes through hot summer days of golf and sweating . It is hard to find your ` color ' , but well worth the experimenting of different colors . At first I ordered a light color and darker color and blended them , but eventually found the right shade . I have used it for 8 years in this manner .
 I 'm so glad I stumbled across this product . . it covers really well . I think one may want to try blending 2 colors together for a more natural look , but that really depends on your skin tone . Trying it for the first time just one tone is all that 's needed . Just make sure to read the instructions and pat , pat , pat .
 This is a product that is very convient to use when I want to gowithout stockings and want to have a nice even look on my legs . I haveused other products where I had to set it with powder . This just gets puton and you 're done . Does n't come off on clothing , and even can remain onin the shower if it is not soaped off . Great product , lots of shadesare available .
 Some of the really bad veins , age spots , etc. you develop with age -LRB- and too much sun in your youth -RRB- make short pants seems inappropriate . Well , this cover up is really great . The only word of warning . While I 'm very pale - very pale ! - this lightest cover up was TOO light . My leg color , as with most people , gets more exposure and therefore is darker in tone . So you need to order 1 or 2 shades darker than you probably initially think you should if you spend any time without spending it in sun block . And while it took just a little bit longer than expected to get , overall I 'm ok with the results as I can use the cover elsewhere on my body . I 've already ordered and received a darker shade for my legs and I 've already used it . And it does n't rub off on anything !
 I love this product ! It keeps my legs looking immaculate and does not rub off on my clothes , like the Sally Hansen brand did . It 's also a great shade . I got the Very Light . I am fair-skinned and most brands are far too dark on me . This matches perfectly !
 This product was a Godsend until my stretchmarks faded ! I have fair - but not porcelain - skin and `` Very Light '' blended well on the lightest part of my arm -LRB- test spot . -RRB- Go a shade darker if you 're planning to use it on skin areas that stay tan . It does have pink undertones as others have mentioned but it is super blendable , stays on for up to a few days -LRB- even with showers -RRB- , waterproof but nothing a good scrubbing wo n't cure . I felt much more confident going to the beach with this product safely hiding stretchmarks . I do n't think you have to purchase the setting powder or primer ; I have used it in hot , humid climates and it held up just fine . It does n't flake off .
 This product works really great . You have to select the suitable degree for your skin color.I have fair skin , I bought `` very light '' and `` light beige '' and both were great but you need to moisture your skin before applying the product . .
 The makeup is really thick which helps cover up imperfections better . It goes on good it has a pink contrast compared to my really light white skin . When I put it on my legs it was a little darker and my skin is REALLY REALLY light and WHITE . When I go out into the sun my skin is very bright and blinding so light that it looks paper white . I always buy the lightest shade and it 's never light enough to match my white skin tone . I think I might have to get my liguid makeup custom made somehow so it perfectly matches my baby white lily skin .
 I love all things citrus and this is the ultimate bath indulgence for those of us who swoon when we smell the faintest hint of orange , lemon , or grapefruit . This scrub leaves your skin smelling great all day and the oils contained within the scrub leave your skin baby soft . Not to mention it 's sweet but I do n't advise eating it -LRB- I was curious one day what can I say -RRB- . It will have your lover wanting to give you sweet kisses all over your body . And to me that makes worth a try : -RRB-
 I did not buy this item for myself , but for a disabled friend . Her daughter , who is caring for her , had mentioned to me about the difficulty of tub bathing , and I thought this item would help . They are very pleased with the soft mat and pillow .
 Since I 'm a woman , it seems like any time anyone does n't know what to get me , they resort to body sprays and lotions because all women are supposed to like those , I think . As a result of that , I have years ' worth of body sprays sitting around and going bad because I just do n't like them . But this one is different.This smells more like the stem and leaves of the tomato plant , so it 's an earthy yet refreshing scent . I always get questions and compliments about this spray . I love that it 's not flowery or fruity . It 's probably not something a super girly-girl would like , but for someone who does n't like the usual scents , this is perfect .
 One of my friends introduced me to this scent after finding it at her local whole foods . I searched high and low and could only find it online . It smells unlike any other perfume I 've used . I typically wear Burberry Baby Touch or Flowerbomb but this is my new favorite . The perfume smells exactly like a tomato plant at first spray but after a while it evolves into a simple , clean fresh-cut grass kind of a smell . Highly recommended , very much worth a try for the price , you 'll be glad you did .
 Light clean scent . Not overwhelming at all . My doorman asked me what I was wearing and could n't believe it was Tomato .
 This is my favorite Demeter scent by far . I occasionally buy a different scent and end up giving it away .
 I have used a number of products to cover uneven color , spider veins , large blue veins , etc. in my feet and legs . This product is superior -- it lasts a long time and looks very natural . The company was very smart -- when I first ordered their product , I ordered it in a color that was too light for my skin tone . They had the foresight to send another color with my original order -LRB- free of charge ! -RRB- that let me test the next shade darker . It was perfect and I 've been using it since early spring . I love it and will keep using it -- it makes my legs look 15 years younger and lets me go without hosiery , even in a conservative work setting .
 This is an extremely rich , very hydrating product . It is excellent as a lip balm and for chapped skin as well . It can be used as a base to mix lipsticks in a palette , as an all around skin healer , and works amazingly well to condition eye lashes . This is a much healthier alternative to petroleum jelly , and a must have for all beauty mavens . I highly recommend it !
 This product is extremely thick . The texture is close to peanut butter , but it does not clog up pores at all . I only use at night . It is sticky , but I do not mind at all . I have smooth and rich skin next morning - after I wash my face in the morning .
 ... Okay so I 'm only 23 and I want to keep looking that way when I 'm 40 lol ! Un-petroleum Jelly is the best moisturizer that I could possibly recomend ! Use it at night , LESS than a pea size amount because you do n't want to be all greasy and slather it on areas like around your eyes , mouth , forehead ... your skin will feel so soft and supple and firm ! You can even use whatever type of moisturizer that you normally use , then put this jelly over it to REALLY lock it in ! Plus , it also removes stubborn makeup gently ... and again IT 'S ALL NATURAL ! Definately a must have for any woman !!!
 I USE THIS AS PART OF MY NIGHT TIME REGIMENT . I APPLY MY NIGHT TIME FACIAL CREAM THEN I PUT THIS ON TOP OF IT . IT SEALS IT ALL IN FOR A DEEP MOISTURIZING EXPERIENCE : o -RRB-
 Great product great smelling , and a blessing they discontinued it so I do n't have to worry about any of my friends picking it up at the local mall ...
 This was just what I expected and arrived quickly . Cologne can be hard to reorder after years . My husband was happy Christmas morning
 Light , clean , brisk , citrusy & somewhat fruity fragrance is quite sophisticated and is one of the greatest daywear/office sleepers out there for us gents . Perfect for spring/summer days , longevity is ok and the price wo n't break your bank .
 I have been looking for this perfume for years . It is one I always wore and it appeared to really suit me , as each time I walked into a room people knew I was there by my &#34; fragrance &#34; Some years ago it disappeared off the shelves here in Australia . On Christmas day during conversation this perfume came up and for some reason -LRB- not previously thought of -RRB- I decided to Google the name and here it is . I have bought two bottles and will continue to purchase this produce.My other perfume of choice is six times dearer but from now I will stay with Arrogance .
 This -LRB- Trucco/Sebastian -RRB- is great lipstick ... I particularly like the Hue shade . . soft and goes with almost everything . Its moist and lasts well ... alas , the whole product line is being discontinued ... do n't know why . . so I bought several of those left .
 Also under the `` Features '' section , it plainly states that there are 13 ounces in the jar . Some people just ca n't read .
 I live in Southern California and was given this product as a gift . I finally pulled it out of my cupboard one day during the fall when the very dry Santa Ana winds start kicking up and drying my skin out . Sometimes I get so dry on my legs that even moving around becomes uncomfortable . I started using this and after a few days I was amazed at the difference it made . No more discomfort . I just use it when showering everyday and I do n't even have to moisturize afterward . For some reason , this stuff seems to deep condition my skin much better than skin lotion which would only provide me with temporary relief . I never expected such effectiveness and highly recommend it especially during the dry times of the year . To be honest , I only use it during the dry seasons.Updated Jan 2011 : I no longer stand by the above review since Neutrogena reportedly changed their `` original '' version of this product . I moved away from SoCal and no longer needed it . But I just returned and find I need it again only to read in the other Amazon reviews that the `` original formula '' has been changed . I had previously tried out their blue-colored version years ago and found it did not have the same positive effect on my dry legs so I threw it out . I was really annoyed about it because I did n't expect the scent change to make a difference in the deep moisturizing effect . This product is too expensive for me to try and probably throw away another big bottle until I hear Neutrogena has changed the fake `` original '' back to the true `` ORIGINAL '' .
 This shower and bath gel makes you feel fabulous . The scent in nice and clean and leaves the body fresh all day .
 Rainbath shower gel cleans skin without drying , but perhaps best of all it does n't leave scum behind like bar soaps do . I started using bath gels because soaps were too harsh for the most , ahem , delicate skin areas , and the residue soap leaves behind caused itching and irritation . Switching to bath gel -LRB- and Neutrogena 's is one of the best -RRB- had the unlooked for benefit of leaving the tub and sink cleaner -- no soap scum or the mold that grows on soap scum!I do prefer the fragrance of the blue `` marine scent '' version , which for some reason can be hard to find .
 Because I ca n't afford to use Opium bath gel , this is my second choice . I keep a 32 oz pump bottle in all my bathrooms.It has a nice fresh scent that you wo n't tire of and wo n't fight with your perfume .
 This one I really like and it probably deserves a 4.5 Stars . Excellent pump and one feels refreshed and invigorated after the daily ablutions . Neutrogena has been around and they always distinguish themselves for carrying some Very Decent products and this is for sure one of them !
 I 'm always looking for a body wash that both cleans and leaves you feeling refreshed this product meets these needs
 I have used Neutrogena Rainbath for many , many years & I love it because it keeps my skin soft & it smells so good . I recommned this to everyone .
 I love this shower gel . I 've used it for years . Softens , smells good , but not overly strong . It arrived quickly . Lasts a long time , too , as you need less than some similar products .
 The bottle opened a bit during shipping , which left a sticky mess . But it was n't so bad . I really like the way Rainbath smells , and the way my skin feels after my shower .
 Neutrogena is by far the leader in soaps , shampoos etc ... BUT THIS BATH GEL IS UNIQUE IN THE WORLD . IT IS VERY EFFECTIVE AND ITS SCENT IS DIVINE >> > IT LEAVES THE SKIN CLEAN , FRESH and SMOOTH . IT IS OUTSTANDING.One thing though ... this size bottle is not protected by shrink wrap and TWICE IT CAME TO ME WITH THE CAP LOOSE AND OOZING THE GEL ALL OVER THE PACKAGE CREATING A MESS . THE CAP MUST BE SEALED >> > ALSO TO PROTECTED FROM CRAZIES WHO MIGHT WANT TO TEMPER WITH THE PRODUCT .
 Since the first time I tried this body wash I 've been hooked . For much of my teenage years I was plagued with acne and even after I was able to get it under control , I could never bring myself to stop using the Neutrogena Body Wash for acne , for fear of my problem returning . However about 2 years ago , I used the Rainbath at a friend 's house and since then I 've been hooked . I currently reside in France where this product is n't even available , but I still order it and get people visiting me to take it here . It 's refreshing , has a great scent and makes my skin feel amazing . I think this relationship will continue for a while to come !
 I love this product . It has a wonderful fragrance , fresh and clean and a little bit like root beer . Makes my skin feel clean and smooth , not oily.I have dry skin and this work well for me .
 Rainbath is an excellent product . Leaves you smelling and feeling clean . Would recommend the product to everyone .
 Best scent , best lather , best after rinse feel . My husband loves it too , and he hates shower gels , just tried it out of curiosity . He said his skin has never felt this good -LRB- I thought it felt pretty good before , but what do I know -RRB- ? I love Neutrogena products .
 Rainbath 's spicy scent will wake you up and invigorate you , then leave you feeling fresh and soft . I use it every time I shower , and pair it with Neutrogena 's sesame forumla body oil for silky smooth skin . This should be part of every woman 's beauty regime . Highly recommended .
 Neutrogena Rainbath shower gel is my very favorite . It has a wonderful fresh scent , and it 's much thicker and long lasting than most shower gels . It is thick enough that it works great for shaving !
 I have always loved the clean smell of this product . Like others , I was hooked on the stuff from using it in some of the finer hotels and had to have my own . in 2006 , i purchased a 32 ounce bottle of original rain bath and somehow i made this last until just recently . I could n't find it in any stores locally and turned to Amazon to see if I could order it and of course save some money . After reading everyone 's reviews about the changing formula , the scent of citrus instead of what I hoped to find , i thought my chances of getting what I wanted were really slim . I found a listing on Amazon that read `` Neutrogena Rainbath Refreshing Shower and Bath Gel , Original Formula , 32 Ounce by Neutrogena -LRB- May 2 , 2005 '' in the title . The picture looked older , with the white top and it said May 2 , 2005 -RRB- which i was hoping meant it was an older bottle.Today , i received my 32 ounce bottle , it had a black top and the newer looking bottle . I immediately took it upstairs and compared it to the color and smell of the older sample that I still had on hand . I 'm pleased to report that the soap inside the bottle did in fact smell just like the other bottle.I 'm not sure at this point if some of you were actually shipped citrus instead of what you wanted or if i just got lucky and found a bottle of the original -LRB- real original -RRB- formula that still remained . Note , the bottle has a black top and does not say original formula on the bottle . This is a good sign to me , since if you have to tell your customers its the original formula on the bottle , it 's probably not.I 'm good for another few years . : -RRB-
 This is a product both of my daughters & I just love because when you shower with it the whole bathroom smells wonderful ! Also makes shaving legs so much smoother .
 I was introduced to Neutrogena Rainbath when I stayed at a hotel either over the Christmas holidays or my birthday ! I have been using Rainbath since the early 80 's and I have sensitive skin and it does not irritate my skin ! Thank so much !
 Thought I 'd gone to hair heaven when I once had an appointment at Ted Gibson 's luxe New York City Salon . The staff was warm , friendly , and dedicated to making my visit a pleasure . It was more than that . The hair cut ? Well , it was Incredible!I say was incredible because hair does grow , and 1400 miles is a bit far to travel for a trim ! To date , I 've not found anyone near who can come even close to replicating the magic that was worked on my too fine locks -LRB- and I do n't live in Centerville , Maine , which for you Trivial Pursuit buffs claims to be the smallest town in America -RRB- . At any rate , until I become a jetsetter and can visit NYC regularly , I 'm happy to be able to have Ted 's Daily Cleanse at the ready . This is a superb shampoo that 's formulated with five different cleansers to leave my hair as squeaky clean as it was that day in the salon.Intended for every day use the shampoo has silicone polymers which tends to strengthen hair plus it delivers a glossy shine . It 's also infused with a slight citrus fragrance which leaves hair not only looking good but smelling fabulous . The generous 10 oz . bottle lasts and lasts - if only my hair cut could have ! - Gail Cooke
 I think spending a lot on products is pretty crazy , but this shampoo and conditioner keep me coming back for more . The smell is fantastic and it takes my colored hair and smoothes it very nicely without being weighted down . The reviewer that mentioned the number one ingredient as water has n't looked at many bottles . All of your lotions , conditioners , shampoos , etc. ... the first ingredient is always water . Guess what the first ingredient listed in a person would be - yes we are 2/3 water.Anyway , this is a rich , concentrated shampoo - you need less than if you use Suave or something similar . If you want to give your hair a treat , try Ted Gibson 's hair products .
 I really like this shampoo . I feel like it leaves my hair light and shiny . The only thing that perplexes me is that the shampoo was thick and not bubbly the first time I bought it on Amazon . The second time I bought it on Amazon it was really thin and more bubbly . It seems like there might be some quality control issues , or the shampoo is sitting too long before sale . I still plan to use this shampoo b/c I think it is high quality . I 'm just a bit intrigued by how thick and bubbly it will be the next time I get it . The only other downside of this shampoo is that I do find that it takes two washes to get my hair clean . Because of this , it runs out more quickly . My hair falls just below my shoulder and tends to get oily half-way through the day after washing .
 This shampoo is fabulous , just like Ted Gibson . It smells delightful , it 's not slimy like most shampoos , it leaves your hair squeaky clean and lots of body.I will buy some more .
 All I can say is I love Ted Gibson , wish all products were available locally .
 The lather , and the herbal scent of the soap are therapeutic and calming . Gentle cleansing without irritating sensitive skin is the asset of this soap . Chandrika has been around for over 50 years or more . A well-trusted , healing brand .
 I Love this soap ! I was so happy to find it here , as I have sensitive skin and it does not irritate it at all . The soap arrived in perfect condition and promptly as well . I absolutely will order again as soon as I run out ! It has a nice delicate scent , not overpowering , just right .
 This is the best lipliner available . It last all day and is available in various colors .
 Hello magical Trucco Pro Lip pencils , the best I 've ever used . Quality . You stay almost all day . You do not create furrows . You travel well.You 've been used by motion picture studio make-up artists for a reason.How sad I am the company that manufactures you is no longer in business . I have yet to find a product that can equal you . Missing you .
 Love the trucco lipliner because it does n't leave you looking like a clown . The liner stays on , but is not noticeable even when your lipstick starts to wear off . Too bad it 's been discontinued . Would love it if Trucco changed their mind or sold it to some other company -- it 's the best !!!!
 My local department store recently quit selling this , so I had to go online . This came promptly and was packaged well so the glass bottle was secure .
 exelente compra , me llego el producto tal cual lo pedi , el tiempo de entrega por parte del vendedor fue rapido , recomendado
 I love this fragrance it has subtle hints of citrus smell but is by no means overbearing . The fragrance comes in a functional bottle and nice packaging . It lasts for quite awhile and I get a lot of compliments when I wear the fragrance . If you like Acqua Di Gio this one has some similarities but is a bit of a nice change .
 Me gusto el acabado del producto es muy genuino , estoy muy satisfecho por la compra del producto . Excelente servicio Gracias
 Great smell , does not last to long , about 3 to 4 hours.Good price , cheaper than the big dept. stores.BRAVO !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 This Cologne is perfect for every occasion , light , citrusy and fresh.This will make a perfect gift for anyone struggling to find a gift to the guy that has everything
 Clinique Happy for Men is a great scent and one of my favorites - probably sneaking into my Top 10 -LRB- out of a collection now exceeding 300 bottles -RRB- Happy is a clean and fresh fragrance with citrus base notes . Following the initial application , the essence smoothes out into an easygoing fragrance that is not overbearing.While there are other fragrances that have a citrus-based scent , Happy is definitely unique . It would be hard to make a comparison , but perhaps a cross of Diesel , Only the Brave , and Aqua Di -LRB- Armani -RRB- , may provide an idea.My reviews generally consider the following areas
 I have had more compliments on this product than any other cologne I have tried . I have been using it for a number of years and will continue to do so .
 Happy smells like it sounds . It 's light , airy , and optimistic . It 's citrusy , crisp , and clean - but not soapy . I do n't like cloying , musky colognes . They make me feel dirty when I put them on . When I 'm just out of the shower and spray on some Happy , I feel even cleaner . It 's like the Danish Modern of colognes - straightforward , contemporary , and honest . I do n't notice the smell after a few minutes , but everyone else confirms that it 's still there . It 's probably received the most compliments of any scent I 've ever worn . Go for the big bottle .
 I love this cologne it 's smells great I buy it for my boyfriend and he loves it this is a great idea for a gift .
 I had bought this product several years ago for 80.00 dollars at a department store . So I did n't bother looking for it , but when I found it amazon for a better price it was a done a deal !
 Like this product a lot . Has a great smell . but the reason im writing this review is how fast the product actually arrived . it said 3-5 buisness days and the product arrived in a little over 24 hrs of actually buying the product through amazon .
 If I could rate this cologne just by its wonderful and distinctive scent , I 'd give it a 5 in a heartbeat . Sadly , it 's always been a bit more costly than I care for and the scent fades rather fast . So you 'll blow through a bottle pretty quickly . That being said , this is still one of the best smelling colognes you will find .
 I ordered this men 's cologne as a gift for my son . He loves it ! And I enjoy making him HAPPY ! Pun intended .
 I bought this cologne for my boyfriend as a birthday present . It is the absolute best cologne in the WORLD , as he states , so why not make him happy with this?The delivery was quick and I was happy to receive it before my trip to visit him . Packaging was good , and the box was wrapped as you would receive it from the deparment store . I received samples along with my purchase which is always a plus.Thank you for fulfilling my order . I am ... happy , lol .
 This is my 2nd cologne and my number 1 favorite even before i bought it , i still have a bvlgari aqua , smells really good , but i want to switch scent every other day , this smells really good no matter what your age is , you 'll smell masculine yet light to women = -RRB-
 I have known this cologne for over 10 years and still use it . It is refreshing , discreet , and very comfortable to use
 This is a clean , fresh , original scent that most ladies love.It will not turn them off as being too strong , or too old fashioned , and it will not overpower anyone.It has just the right amount of citrus to give you that fresh , just showered , clean feel .
 I first purchased happy for men in 1999 , mainly because it was new and not main stream like cool water , ck1 , yada yada yada . . It 's quite intriguing , pleasant with citrus tones , and if you accidentally put too much on , it 's not terribly overpowering . I highly recommend this to any guy who is looking for a unique scent that stands out above other over-used brands cologne sprays . It is in the 50-70 dollar range , which I find to be the only downside .
 I am buying another bottle as this scent is definitely something I particularly love . I can wear it everyday and it can be worn when going to the zoo or even at a business meeting .
 I 'm on my third bottle of this stuff , I just love it . Its got a light , citrusy fragrance which is pleasant while still being masculine . I 've used other colognes but this is the only one I keep coming back to over and over .
 Whether your man is old , young , athletic or an arm chair observer , this is a great day time fragrance - light enough . It is also very nice in the evening as well . It does not turn , it remains true .
 i give this ratting because the product is just great the product i really like it and i recomended 100 %
 This is a gorgeus smelling cologne , for a great price!My boyfriend loves it , and I do too.It arrived much faster than I expected : - -RRB- Only thing negative , is that the smell does n't last as long as a perfume would do .
 I purchased this as a present and It was exactly what I wanted ! Its smelled good & he loved it Thank you !
 I tried this cologne more than 12 years ago , I used it for a long time then forgot about it ... Remembering old times I decided to buy it from Amazon and the surprise was really shocking :-RRB- It is good to remember old times , even more when you enjoyed them :-RRB- It is orginal not a copy and arrived in a good condition.Prob&eacute; esta colonia hace m&aacute;s de 12 a & ntilde ; os , la us&eacute; por mucho tiempo y luego la olvid&eacute; ... Recordando viejos tiempos , decid&iacute; comprarla por Amazon y la sorpresa fue impactante . Es bonito recordar viejos tiempos , y a&uacute;n m&aacute;s cuando los has disfrutado :-RRB- Colonia original , no es copia y lleg&eacute; en buenas condiciones .
 Since I 'm a woman , it seems like any time anyone does n't know what to get me , they resort to body sprays and lotions because all women are supposed to like those , I think . As a result of that , I have years ' worth of body sprays sitting around and going bad because I just do n't like them . But this one is different.This smells more like the stem and leaves of the tomato plant , so it 's an earthy yet refreshing scent . I always get questions and compliments about this spray . I love that it 's not flowery or fruity . It 's probably not something a super girly-girl would like , but for someone who does n't like the usual scents , this is perfect .
 One of my friends introduced me to this scent after finding it at her local whole foods . I searched high and low and could only find it online . It smells unlike any other perfume I 've used . I typically wear Burberry Baby Touch or Flowerbomb but this is my new favorite . The perfume smells exactly like a tomato plant at first spray but after a while it evolves into a simple , clean fresh-cut grass kind of a smell . Highly recommended , very much worth a try for the price , you 'll be glad you did .
 Light clean scent . Not overwhelming at all . My doorman asked me what I was wearing and could n't believe it was Tomato .
 This is my favorite Demeter scent by far . I occasionally buy a different scent and end up giving it away .
 I am french , and we can not find anymore this perfum in France . It is marvelous and very fresh.I will recommand this perfum
 order a frangrance for my wife and it was delivered prior to estimateddelivery date ...
 I am a guy and I carry this comb in my front pocket . Its case ensures that it does n't break . My comb has never broken , unlike every comb I carried before . It is a very nice looking product as well , and well worth the money . Be aware though that the case sometimes fits snug -LRB- as expected -RRB- or sometimes is too loose . If it is loose , the case quickly separates from the comb , and you have no protection against breakage . This is easy to select for in a store that carries these combs , but obviously impossible in an online purchase .
 Yes , I know you can buy a cheap , made in China pocket comb at Wal-Mart for about a buck . But those things usually have rough edges . I used to only buy Ace brand combs when they were made in the USA . Now they 're made in China too , and they 're certainly not made as well as they used to be.I looked and looked for a quality pocket comb made in America , but I have n't been able to find one . I finally discovered this one made in Switzerland . It 's very smooth and durable . My only complaint is the high price .
 My Dad asked me to find him a European comb that was not sharp . I looked all over from store to store and could only find cheap , sharp to the touch combs . Finally looked on Amazon and found exactly what I was looking for . The review is that Dad liked it !
 This is are great seamless combs , bought two different ones , and im very happy with them . I 'll use them mainly for detangle issues .
 To use a comb without pulling and tearing at your hair is a real pleasure . I was n't previosuly aware of what a difference there was among combs but am glad I got this one . I use it primarily on my beard which is thick and tends toward curly - good grooming without tearing my hair out ! It 's the little things in life ...
 I love Neutrogena Body Emulsion ! I use the fragrance-free formula . I am a bone marrow transplant receipient and have had skin problems since the transplant . This is the one non-prescription product which has brought relief to my dry and delicate skin . Thicker than lotion but not as thick as cream , it 's the perfect compromise for daily use .
 This is a favorite product as it soothes and hydrates really dry skin on heels and elbows when other lotions will not.Both rich and creamy it is nonetheless light so it 's comfortable for all day wear.To really soothe dry areas such as hands or feet apply before bedtime then cover for the night with socks or cotton gloves.Our preference is for the unscented as this is one lotion that the man of the house also uses .
 I love this product ! In the past , I bought it from my drugstore , but they do n't carry the body emulsion any longer , so I searched and found it on Amazon . -LRB- Thank you , Amazon ! -RRB- I use it on any part that gets dry and love how my skin feels . When I get a pedicure , I 'm always told how soft my feet are ! What a compliment for a sexagenarian !
 The best shampoo and conditioner I have ever used . I had very limp dry hair , now it is healthy and has volume . Would highly recommend this product .
 I have bought this product from Amazon before and expected the large quantities that I had received before . It was advertised as such . I was disapointed it was sucha small amount for 60.00 . I would look more at the volume . the produce is very good the only thing that helps my fine limp hair . Pureology .
 I love this shampoo . But the description says 10.5 ounces of shampoo and 8.5 ounces of conditioner . They lied . . its 8.5 ounces of both . If you would just advertise correctly your customers would n't be so upset . It smells like the right stuff . But I guess there is never a guarantee unless you buy from a professional beauty supplier.I gave this review 4 stars only because I love this product .
 I have tried every product for my hair . Yes , some of them worked for awhile until they were drying out my hair . frustrated I did some homework and went to salons to see what would work best . I was hesitant on buying these products . I did . great for a while did n't work . I had went to JC Penny 's Solon and this really nice hair dresser recommend this product Pureology , well ever since I have been using this product it has made my hair feel healthy , and now it has volume . Love this product . I have been using for 2 years .
 Great shampoo and conditioner ! Keeps the color in my hair much longer ! My only complaint is that the conditioner does n't go a long way , but it is probably because it is a volume conditioner . Otherwise , great product ! I 'm very happy !
 I really like the product but it was so expensive in the salons . This is wonderful and so convienent .
 I bought this shampoo and conditioner a month ago or so . I couldent beleive what a good price I got for the shampoo and the conditioner , and it was in excellent condition and smelled wonderful !! I will be always buying my hair products thru Amazon.com and through the person that I bought the shampoo and conditioner from . She had it here in a timely fashion wrapped good and it was soo easy , and I love easy !! So a big thankyou to her and Amazon.com for the great product !! Teresa
 I ordered one bottle of shampoo and one conditioner but received two bottles of conditioner .
 This is the best lipliner available . It last all day and is available in various colors .
 Hello magical Trucco Pro Lip pencils , the best I 've ever used . Quality . You stay almost all day . You do not create furrows . You travel well.You 've been used by motion picture studio make-up artists for a reason.How sad I am the company that manufactures you is no longer in business . I have yet to find a product that can equal you . Missing you .
 Love the trucco lipliner because it does n't leave you looking like a clown . The liner stays on , but is not noticeable even when your lipstick starts to wear off . Too bad it 's been discontinued . Would love it if Trucco changed their mind or sold it to some other company -- it 's the best !!!!
 &#1052; &#1086; &#1103; &#1078; &#1077; &#1085; &#1072; &#1086; &#1095; &#1077; &#1085; &#1100; &#1083; &#1102; &#1073; &#1080; &#1090; &#1101; &#1090; &#1080; &#1076; &#1091; &#1093; &#1080; , &#1101; &#1090; &#1086; &#1077; &#1077; &#1089; &#1072; &#1084; &#1099; &#1081; &#1083; &#1102; &#1073; &#1080; &#1084; &#1099; &#1081; &#1072; &#1088; &#1086; &#1084; &#1072; &#1090; . &#1054; &#1085; &#1072; &#1087; &#1086; &#1083; &#1100; &#1079; &#1091; &#1077; &#1090; &#1089; &#1103; &#1080; &#1084; &#1080; &#1091; &#1078; &#1077; &#1085; &#1077; &#1087; &#1077; &#1088; &#1074; &#1099; &#1081; &#1075; &#1086; &#1076; , &#1080; &#1103; &#1074; &#1089; &#1077; &#1075; &#1076; &#1072; &#1088; &#1072; &#1076; &#1076; &#1086; &#1089; &#1090; &#1072; &#1074; &#1080; &#1090; &#1100; &#1077; &#1081; &#1091; &#1076; &#1086; &#1074; &#1086; &#1083; &#1100; &#1089; &#1090; &#1074; &#1080; &#1077; &#1080; &#1087; &#1088; &#1077; &#1087; &#1086; &#1076; &#1085; &#1077; &#1089; &#1090; &#1080; &#1101; &#1090; &#1080; &#1076; &#1091; &#1093; &#1080; &#1074; &#1087; &#1086; &#1076; &#1072; &#1088; &#1086; &#1082; !!
 Love this product . So sad when they stopped making it . This was my favorite of the `` Happy '' line .
 I got this as a gift for my sister and she loves it !!! Smells very fresh ! Wish i like it myself but i have been using Jean Paul Gaultier for years and years !
 its a lovely light refreshing perfume . lovely for daywear!I have been an Aromatics fan for years , but think this perfume just ideal for the day time ... you can save your aromatics for your evenings !!!!
 Happy Heart is the perfect scent for me . Even when I put on more than I planned , it 's still is n't overwhelming . It 's a very pleasant fragrance that 's just right ! Very refreshing scent .
 I have always loved happy , but I love my happy heart ! I wear it 99 % of the time . My guy loves the smell too ... and I often get comments that it smells wonderful . Not too strong , just enough . :-RRB- I 'd recommend this perfume to everyone , young and old .
 I am very happy with my purchase and it 's condition when I received it . I have been wishing that Clinique would put the perfume back out , but they tell me it was only a limited-time sort of thing . I was very pleased to find it online and will be sure to purchase it from here again !
 I love , absolutely love this scent ! It smells fresh , sweet , and dewy , like all Clinique scents . Do n't miss this one if you 're looking for a light but long-lasting scent . It 's also the kind of scent you can wear on any occasion -- casual or formal , work or play .
 I may be the only woman alive who does n't like Happy , but I LOVE Heart ! It 's a perfect fragrance , not too strong but not too light . It 's very feminine .
 Someone with exquisite taste gave me Happy To Be by Clinique for Women Eau de Parfum Spray 1.7 oz . What a lovely gift ! This person could not have pleased me more!The fragrance notes are Pear Natureprint , Hibiscus Flower , Bulgarian Rose , Cocoa Butter , Sandalwood and Sesame . It is slightly sweet , piercing , youthful , and alluring.I highly recommend this marvelous fragrance .
 I love this perfume so much . I have never received so many compliments on my perfume since I started wearing happy heart . I hate to be without it and I am so glad to see that I can order it on Amazon . The shop i usualy go tend to run out of it supply so quickly .
 Such a great product to put in my purse for use throughout the day . Love it !! the roller ball is fantastic and very light !
 Arrived Propmtly and as advertised . unfortunately , there was no box for the perfume . had to source a separate gift box .
 Every time I wear this scent , I receive lots of complements . It 's just right for work or for special occasions . I suggest using the lotion as well if you want the scent to last all day .
 This is a great item to keep in your purse for when you forget to put on perfume . Rock it !
 i never smell anything like this before i love it ! it so mild . it make u feel sexy . i will recomend to everybody .
 I 've used Ralph Lauren `` Romance '' for years . Everyone compliments me on the light fragrance . It can be worn daily , in the office or for an evening out . It 's wonderful . Plus this is the first time I 've bought it on-line . The last I bought from a department store was WAY more than what I just paid on-line .
 My husband bought this Ralph Lauren fragrance for me in 2008 and what I can tell you about it is that it is a great smelling fragrance . Not strong just right . The price was great too . My husband always knows what to buy . So lucky ~
 My son purchased this for me last Christmas . i had never heard of it . But when I tried it on , I was hooked . The scent is amazing ! It does not overwhelm the wearer , and I have gotten numerous compliments from others . My daughter is always borrowing it , she finds it wonderful too . I also noticed the scent lingers for a long time . The packaging is simple but elegant . I find it hard to describe the scent , but I recommend trying it out .
 Romance for Women by Ralph Lauren -LRB- 3.4 oz -RRB- Eau De Parfum Spray ** 100 % AUTHENTIC ** very pleased with the service and the product ... very fast shipping
 i got this for my mom . my sister suggested it . they both love the way it smells . i agree . the seller was wonderful and wonderful price .
 My wife as well as my mom just love this perfume . They have stuck with this for years , and have never found anything better .
 Romance by Ralph Lauren for Women is a sweet soft fragrance . I bought the spray , because it goes much farther and spreads out the scent instead of concentrating it in one area . I have been very satisfied with it and have received many compliments from friends when I wore my ` Romance ' . I will be purchasing this again .
 Timely delivery and perfume is anyways my all time favourite - can not get out of using it and even with other perfumes in my cupboard , I keep going back for this one ...
 I have worn Romance by Ralph Lauren for many years , and it is the only fragrance that I wear . It is not overpowering , and I receive many complements when I wear it . Because it is rarely discounted , I checked out the prices on Amazon . The Amazon price was very reasonable , and since I am a Prime customer , I did not have to pay for shipping . Delivery was on time , and the item was well packed . I highly recommend ordering this item from Amazon .
 Great price for Romance by Ralph Lauren . Product arrived EARLY as well . Very happy !
 Great price for this size even when you include shipping . Much better value than Macy 's or Sephora .
 It 's great to buy just what you want and get it at a great price . Why spend $ 20 more at the mall for the same exact merchandise ? The free shipping was an extra bonus , too .
 I am very pleased with this purchase of Romance perfume from Amazon . I had problems in the past with purchasing the same product on Ebay . This perfume was absolutely genuine !! I will purchase from Amazon again for certain !!
 I alternate between 3 different perfumes and always get compliments when I wear this . I work with the public every day and someone always comments favorably when I wear this Romance perfume and not just women either !! Men have asked what I am wearing . Will not ever be without this . It is not overpowering but it does last all day .
 I purchased Ralph Lauren 's Romance perfume for my daughter . She loves the scent . I have purchased the perfume in the past at dept. stores and for the same size bottle I have paid much more . I was so happy to find the perfume and the better price at Amazon .
 Basically it 's a lovely fragrance . The bottle is simple - but that does not matter .
 Romance is very classic . When first sprayed on it smells like something you 've smelled before , but after a about 7min it has a distinictive classic delightful smell .
 people rarely use it cause its expensive . Fine by me , makes my wife smell different than anyone else . Friends and family ask her abt it . so it makes sense she gets notice more often
 I got this for my sister because she requested it , and she was pleased with it . However , I have n't heard much of it afterwards , so not sure if she was pleased with it to the end .
 I ordered this fragrance without knowing how it smells , but it is lovely . Ca n't go wrong with Ralph ! I have been wearing Romance and this is close to it . I like the rollerball because it does n't spill and does n't take up much room in a small purse .
 Now this I love and would call it a classic . It 's hard to go wrong with it and a little goes a long way . Highly recommended as I always go back to it .
 I love the rollerball . I keep it downstairs for a quick pick me up scent before running out the door . It is great for travel and will easily fit in my purse or carry on .
 Have always loved Romance and now I love Romance Always Yours ! Really nice scent and I love keeping the rollerball in my purse for touch ups !
 I have tried Ralph Lauren 's `` Romance '' Eau de Parfum Spray and I love its lush floral scent , so romantic and sophisticated . I use it only on very special occasions and I 've often been asked
 My favorite scent now rolls on ! This version is very useful to travel and carry in your cosmetic bag . Love it !
 I love the `` Romance '' perfume ! This is absolutely one of my favorite scents ! The bottles also seem to last a very long time !
 I smelled Ralph Lauren in a store and i saw the price and i was like ill go to amazon i can get it cheaper there so i bought it here and after purchasing it i read the reviews and was scared because people said this is n't it . well , i beg to differ . It smells like it and i am VERY satisfied . i get compliments almost everyday .
 When spraying it on , it can come off bit strong and my nose would get irritated , but it 's a sensible perfume I would recommend to anyone . It actually lasts longer and it does n't smell so cheap either . It smells really pleasant and refreshing . It definitely lives up to its name ... `` Romance '' .
 I have bought this perfume from different retailers and online , and the smell just everlasting , you do n't need to put too much , one spray does it for me , best results , right after a bath or a shower spray the Romance on and Romance lotion , WOW !!! you will get results from anyone around you !! I say I rate this as a 10 !! , I have seen bad reviews from those that saying it does n't smell the same , that all depends on your body reflecting off the perfume , everyones body have a such oil that if you put to much or not to much that it might not maybe smell the same to your noses !! Just a little advice , put just a little on and see !!
 I purchased this for my wife for Christmas . She likes it . And I like it when she wears it . It is too bad that it is so expensive . But then , a lot of the good things are .
 Beautiful fragrance at a very reasonable price . It was purchased as a gift and the recipient loved it ! A definite winner .
 my daughter in-law loves this scent ... thanks for the great price ... she is so happy with the size of the bottle ... great present
 This is by far my favorite perfume ! I highly recommend it ! Love it ! It stays on forever , smells fresh and feminine . It was delivered in the original box , with all the original tags . Fast delivery .
 fast delivery . . all is great . romance is niceeeeee ... plus they added a few free trials . i like one so much i bought it thru perfuma . .
 I have loved this scent for at least the last five years . Thrilled be able to get it through Prime now .
 I 've been using this perfume for over 2 years now and have made it THE perfume that I always wear . It 's light enough to not make you dizzy , but heavy enough to notice . It is sweet and spicy at the same time and provides a great feminine scent without overpowering .
 I just love this perfume . It has a fragrance I never get tired of . Been using it for years ... great balance of sweet and musky ... just LOVE !
 Got to the house on time for Christmas and my wife loved it . I have always had good luck with Ralph Lauren prducts
 I love that this fragrance has endured . This bottle is quite big and lasts the year . Hope it never goes out of style .
 excelente todo llego bien , en perfectas condiciones era para mi mama y le gusto mucho , soy de venezuela y llego fino
 I ca n't really rate a perfume . My girlfriend likes it and I like how it smells when she wears it.She 's beautiful and intelligent . I love her very much , so if she wants Romance by Ralph Lauren , I get it for her .
 Great value , My baby smells like a million bucks and i ca n't get enough of it . will be ordering more soon .
 This is one of my favorites . It &#8217; s my &#8220; go-to &#8221; perfume ... not overpowering . Just need to buy my daughter her own bottle .
 I 've been purchasing Romance for a few years now . This is by far one of the best scents in the Ralph Lauren collection of perfumes .
 The service provided was very good ... for a beautiful perfume that is my dtr-in-law 's favorite ! Worth every cent!Rita in Costa Rica
 My wife wanted this perfume because she had used it in the past . I bought it on Amazon . Got a good price for it . I have to say that it does smell sexy on her .
 I was very pleased with this product . I was a little hesitant to purchase perfume on the internet because I was scared it would not be real . However , I ordered from Amazon -LRB- with free shipping -RRB- and it was the real product . Great price and good value !
 This a light , very pretty and feminine scent . Perfect for the spring and summer .
 You will absolutely love this perfume . Its a little flowery but so so delicious . Its a nice clean girly scent and you will be pleased to own this . I am !
 My product arrived promptly and in perfect condition . I could not be more pleased .
 This is a `` magnifiscent '' item . My girlfriend is in love with this perfume . It 's sexy , but not to strong and harsh .
 Ordered this with fast shipping and it came really fast ! Quick service no mess ups . Thanks for a hassle-free purchase !
 Lovely fragrance . Good price . Arrived in good time for Christmas . What more do you want ?
 What a wonderful deal for a wonderful product ! I had purchased this item at a retail store originally and wanted more . I could not find it at a retail store this time so I came to Amazon.com . It was an even better deal here than the original deal at the retail stores ! Fragrance is just right - not too overpowering , not too weak . My boyfriend loves it and I do too !
 it is very nice and mellow . does n't come out too strong . my wife loves it .
 This scent is classic & beautiful , an all-time favorite . I ALWAYS get compliments when I wear it . It 's not overwhelming , & it always puts me in a good mood . I think this fragrance will suit anyone who is young & feminine . But be warned
 I bought Ralph Lauren Romance . I received it much faster than I expected , and even faster than the other department stores ! It is the real thing and saved me over $ 30.00 + tax + shipping . I will definitely buy from them again .
 This is nice , sexy , fun ! Not to heavy , which is nice . Love , love , love it !
 Makes my lady smell like a heck of alot more than 60 bucks . Lovin it .
 I normally wear Guess perfume , but got this as a gift . I wear it and always get compliments on it . Strangers come up to me while I 'm working to ask what I 'm wearing !! Will be one of my classic fav 's -- so elegant .
 one of my wife 's favorite along with d & c light blue and armani code romance smells nice but wife claims it does not last very long unlike armani code
 Great product.was recommended by a friend . I gifted my wife for her birthday . she simply loves it .
 Romance is the perfume I chose long ago but it is now very hard to find in France . I 'm glad I could find it thnak to amazon .
 The fragrance is wonderful . Received in a timely manner and in good condition . I would buy this again .
 I got tired of buying this on eBay and getting burned by sellers selling knock off 's . So when I found it on Amazon and realized it was sold by and shipped by Amazon , I was really happy because I knew it would be the REAL THING ! And it is , every single time ! Mmmmmmmm it smells heavenly and is shipped promptly every time . I re order from Amazon any time I need it and know it 'll be here , it 'll be genuine and shipped with care ! Very pleased !
 Exactly as described and the fragrance is really sublime . It always makes me feel attractive and ready to face the world . :-P What I really love is that it 's easily portable . It 's long lasting anyway , so realistically , yes I could apply at home and be scented all day but I like the security of having the product with me at all times.In many ways it 's my emergency / backup fragrance . A little bit goes a long way ! I 'm very happy with this purchase .
 Love this fragrance . It is light and smells so lovely . I always get comments when wearing it so I bought a couple to give for gifts .
 This is one of my favorite perumes . VERY romantic . . just as the name implies . A scent a woman would wear for a sexy night out with her man . . or to wear when getting married !! Reminds me of soft pink roses ... but not overwhemlingmy `` rose-y '' ... . which is good .
 I 've used it for the past 7 years and I still get compliments about the way I smell ... so , I keep buying it ...
 Ralph Lauren came out in 1998 with this signature fragrance . A must have for any fragrance lover , Ralph Lauren Romance features the following notes : Sungoddess Rose , Marigold , Ginger , Chamomile Oil , Yellow Freesia , White Violet , Lotus Flower , Day Lily , Patchouli , Oakmoss , Musk.I am a fragrance representative in stores and just like any fragrance , before purchasing online get to know the scent in person . Fragrance reacts with each women 's chemistry differently makingthe various notes smell different as skin/PH levels differ . The best way to determine if you like a scent is to spray the scent on in store and let it sit . DO NOT rub wrist or hands together as it changesthe reaction and the end scent that will result . It also does n't help to smell the fragrance out of the bottle . Mostly all fragrances have three notes , the dry , middle and wet note . When you smell the fragrance out of the bottle you are only getting the wet note which is generally 3-5 minutes after spraying and does n't accurately suggest the smell you will achieve all day.Amazon is great at protecting it 's customers , but you need to be educated before making the purchase . Please make sure you know the scent , and how it should smell not only out of the box but on your skin . This way , you wont have to worry about knock offs because you 'll be educated . Should you get a knock off , always contact Amazon or the buyer to deal with the issue at hand.This is a great fragrance though and one of the top sellers in store . Please note that the 5 stars only represents the product I know . Like stated before , be educated and know your scents!Other fragrances recommended for her : Acqua Di Gioia Eau De Parfum Spray - Acqua Di Gioia - 100ml/3 .4 ozViva La Juicy by Juicy Couture 3.4 oz 100ml EDP SprayNew - Light Blue by Dolce & Gabbana - Eau De Toilette Spray 3.4 oz - 418217
 This is the only perfume I have used since receiving the first bottle as a gift ... . four years ago . Never want another perfume . I am addicted .
 The bottle looked great , and the purfume smelled amazing . I gave it as a gift and then bought it for myself - I was surprised by the price .
 For years I have slogged off to the Department stores to find a nice bottle of Romance by Ralph Lauren for my wife . I hate Department stores and the hassle they require . This year I ordered it through Amazon , paid a lot less and had zero hassle in doing so . I love Amazon .
 My wife 's Christmas present . She loves this fragrance and when I saw the price I could not resist buying it . On time delivery and great service from Amazon .
 Girlfriend loved it . I 've found that with perfume it is best to buy what you are told and avoid surprises . Smells good to me . Quick shipping and reasonably priced . Great last minute gift at the Holidays .
 This is my favorite - I have been wearing it for years . The price was wonderful . The fragrance fresh and delightedful to me . Came in original wrapping .
 This fragrance is truly wonderful , and even better than the magazine insert card that first introduced me to this fragrance . Really lovely -- not overpowering at all .
 I finally had a chance to get a 3.4 ounce size of Romance . It had been a long time since I had used it and it was just the same as I remembered . I would recommend this to any woman who enjoys a really good smelling perfume .
 This perfume I purchased for my wife after someone at work was wearing it . I asked the young lady the name and started hunting . As always you can find what you want on Amazon . It arrived well packaged.Men if you want something that is a perfect gift to give your lady buy this !!
 I absolutely love this scent . I have had my bottle for at least 4 years and I still have half . I do n't use it everyday because I save it for the special occasions . But I have not bought from amazon before I got from dillards . I have found knock offs though at flea markets and have passed because they were awful compared to the real thing . So I 'd suggest purchasing from good reliable source , you get what you pay for .
 I bought a sampler tube of this at Target just to see if a post-shave lotion could help my irritated skin . Shaving with either a razor blade or an electric shaver always leaves my skin , especially my neck , very irritated.The first time I used this lotion I was amazed at how quickly it soothed my skin.A couple of other advantages
 Absolutely great . It soothes fantastically after shaving , the SPF is pretty effective . I recommand it !
 I am a woman who purchased this product because I was looking for an after shave product to use on my legs to help with razor burn and bumps and irritation . I could n't find any product for women like that so I figured I 'd try a man 's product.I have other products by Neutrogena , so I am not surprised by the quality and effectiveness of this product . I have been using this product after I shave my legs for the past week and I 've noticed a REMARKABLE difference ! This product totally takes care of the itchiness , dryness , and irritation ! I 've even noticed diminished amounts of bumps and flaws from shaving.My only complaint , being a female , is that this does smell like a man 's product . Unlike what other reviewers have said it is not scent-free , there is a mild scent that reminds me of other men 's after shave products.However I am SO HAPPY with the other aspects of this product that smelling like a man seems worth the comfort and smoothness of my legs : -RRB-
 I LOVE THIS LOTION !! LOVE THE SPF 20 , SMELLS NICE , WILL BUY AGAIN !!! ROBERT A HAMMITT JRNEW CASTLE , PA
 This is a relatively new product for men , and one that I had not used before.It is a good daily lotion for your face after showering and shaving , to help with skin tone and with preventing dryness , especially if you spend time out in the sun or the wind . Consequently , it will probably slow down facial wrinkles.There is also some sunscreen in the product , which is a nice additional benefit.I had used Body Emulsion on my face in the past , which I was very happy with , but the product is no longer available.The tube size seemed small at first , but it goes a long way , and is nicely designed.Thanks .
 I started using Triple Protect a few weeks ago as an aftershave and general face moisturizer . The SPF 20 makes it great for sunny weather , and it applies easily , without leaving any white residue or strong , sunscreen smell . Even though it is alcohol-based , I do n't really notice any stinging when I apply it after shaving . I have n't noticed any irritation or greasiness so far , and it has really helped with my dry skin.I do wish that the tube were larger -LRB- it is surprisingly small -RRB- , but it 's pretty affordable , and it seems like it 'll last a long time . A small amount on my face and neck gets me through the day . I would highly recommend this product .
 Every morning whether I shave or not , I use this to moisturize and protect my face . With the SPF 20 my friends and co worker 's have noticed a healthy change in my face .
 This product was bought for me and I have to say this product far exceeded my expectations . I have tried all kinds of products that promised me protection but this product delivered . Plain and simple if you are in the market for a lotion this is the one .
 I have been using this stuff for a few years and really appreciate the convenience of being able to add sunscreen at the same time as my aftershave . I shave my head every few days so this is a big deal . Perhaps there was not a market for this product , or they found that the suncreen 's effect was limited by other ingredients ? I wish I knew ...
 Even though this product is for men , I love it . It smells so good . I use this 2 - 3 times a week on the days when I do n't use the MutriMin C Renewing Gelee Creme Hydrating Wash. . It is an exfoliating wash , but never irritates my skin .
 This is unlike any soap I 've tried before , a subtle , pleasant difference . The scent is mild and natural and goes away pretty quickly . I like how my face feels smooth for a while after using this , without getting too dry . I have mild breakouts of acne , and I alternate using this soap and my regular face wash , just to mix up my regimen . I ca n't say my acne has improved , except this soap seems to slightly smooth and soothe my face . I would say it 's best quality is it makes my skin feel smoother for a while.I think it does a good job of cleaning the skin , but it probably wo n't get rid of my acne . Maybe I should use it everyday , but I seem to be clearest when I alternate products.I cut the bar in half and gave half to my younger brother , and he said he likes it , enough to use it everyday , which is good , because I paid 11 bucks for the soap . I guess that is a good price for an imported charcoal soap.I once tried a charcoal soap made in the states before , and it was slightly irritating , probably the fragrance or perhaps it was the type of charcoal . I paid around 6 bucks for that . I like this one better .
 Yes , I like this product , it cleans my face very well but my face is still oily so I need to find another product the will really lessen the oil .
 I prefer a good bar of soap over liquid cleansers to wash my face with . I am very impressed with this soap . It creates a rich lather , rinses clean , and removes makeup , even mascara . After I use it my face feels smooth and exfoliated , even though there is no grit whatsoever in the soap or lather . It does n't leave my face feeling dry or tight . I intend to purchase it again , and I may have found my perfect cleanser .
 Work good skin feels exfoliated and you can notice difference in a week , good price for product should be double !
 Cleans without the usual dry and starched feeling.Light and very clean , got one for myself and one for my daughter and we are both very pleased with the soap , will put it on our perminant must have list .
 So far I 've tried Bath and Body Strawberry lotion , Bath and Body body butter , Avon Strawberry & guava lotion , and this one . I originally was looking for a lotion that smelled like Suave 's strawberry shampoo . To me , it has the perfect strawberry smell . The Bath and Body is nice , but its a bit bland . The Avon is good , but it only partially smells like strawberry . It also has a sweeter , perfume smell - I guess it 's the guava . So far , I like the Circle of Friends the best , for two reasons
 Once you find the MASADA sea salts , you might want to try all the scented organic salts . The Rain Forest scent is a revitalizing blend of green grassy aromas . The natural essential minerals help to stimulate the circulation . As you sink into your own private Rain Forest bath you can escape into a pool infused with Dead Sea salts and emerge revitalized.If you prefer unscented sea salts look for the MASADA Naturally Unscented Dead Sea Mineral Bath Salts . One capful seems to be enough for an entire bath and you can add in your own essential oil blends . I like Aroma Lands Sacred Blend or the Aura Cacia Rose Otto Balancing Blend for the skin healing properties . While your skin is warm , use the Caswell-Massey Elixir of Love Potion and drift into dreamy sleep.Also look for bath gels and lotions : Lavender & BergamotPeppermint & TangerineLily & JasmineVanilla & Orange BlossomGrapefruit & Verbena ~ The Rebecca Review
 Mariella Burani by Mariella Burani . very nice fragrance however I did locate some in smaller size less expensive atThefragrancefactory.com
 It may be a little too sweet when first applied but once it dries out it spells R-E-F-I-N-E-D TASTE!It almost reminds one of MYSTERE by Rochas , which was discontinued some 20 years ago .
 Received the order quickly and the item seems to be as good as advertised . Hope it lasts but for the money I paid , I 'm happy already !
 Not expensive and sharp scissors you can actually feel when you cut too much or just enough to satisfy the customer
 Since Clinique first came out with this scent , I have been a big fan . It has a light , pleasant fragrance , and is also the only scent that my husband 's allergies do n't seem to respond to.But as usual , when I find something I like , it is soon discontinued , so I was not surprised when this item disappeared from the stores . Then , by accident , I discovered it on Amazon and have been happily ordering it from the site . I hope they never run out!Thanks , Amazon , for almost always coming through when I need a product that is not available anywhere else .
 The 1 oz bottle is a lot smaller than the picture above , but it is eau du parfum , so you only need a drop or two . I expect it will last a long time . I also received a 1.7 oz Simply spray moisturizer and a little makeup bag , which I did n't expect!I love this fragrance !! Why did Clinique discontinue it ???
 This is my favorite of all the Clinique fragrances , so I was extremely disappointed when they discontinued it . `` Simply '' is a great , light everyday fragrance with what I think is a hint of `` Good & Plenty '' ... when you smell it , you 'll know what I mean . I 'll miss it when I ca n't get ahold of it anymore !
 I wanted this perfume for a couple of years , and finally I got it -- after it was off production.The bottle is really beautiful , and the scent , it is as the name described , simply , yet clean and gentle.Definitely will recommend to my best friend ~
 I bought this scent for my sister-in-law who had searched everywhere for it , but could n't find it as it had been discontinued . She was very surprised and pleased with the product ! It is a very nice , understated scent . Thanks , Amazon !
 This is a pretty scent from Clinique but not cloying or overly powerful . It 's a light , fresh scent that smells like very fragrant flowers in full bloom . It 's classy , warm , and can be worn anywhere , anytime .
 I get so many compliments when wearing `` Simply '' and it is regrettable that it is being discontinued . AAAARRRRGGGGGG !
 un excelente producto 100 % recomendado , el vendedor muy atento y responsable a la hora del envi&oacute; del producto ... muchas gracias
 Clinque has discontinued this perfume and my bottle was nearly empty . So glad I was able to find it through a seller on Amazon . The fragrance is light and airy and not overpowering . l will be using it very sparingly and hoping Clinque decides to remarket it .
 got it before promised . Just wished it came in a larger size . I am always afraid that one day I am not going to be able to get this scent . I love it and hated it when they discontinued it at the store ...
 Simply by Clinique is a fresh smelling subtle perfume . I always get compliments whenever I wear it .
 This is my all time favorite scent , but has become very hard to find in department stores . Light and simple , not sure why it was never more popular ... but then again that may be one reason I love it so !
 I really like this perfume . It has a very unique scent that other perfumes do n't have . It has an almost licorice smell to it .
 The clinique simply perfume was at first gifted to me by somone who had been using this product for 2-3 yrs and loves it so much , that given a chance would like people to use it as well ... so she gave it to me as a gift ... and no doubts it has this beautiful , lingering aroma you want to wear each day ...
 First , the product . It is great , however , this has been discontinued . Much to my disappointment . Why do companies do this to it 's consumers ? I know this sold extremely well , so why discontinue it ? It was one of the very few products that I found worked . The night cream and the rest of the line is not nearly as effective , so I have moved on to other things . Second , SHAME ON YOU ThefairweatherForge for selling this at $ 78 ! I could not believe my eyes when I seen the price you are asking , when it normally sold for under $ 20 . Even if this is hard to find now , and has been discontinued that is no excuse for the utterly ridiculous price you are trying to sucker out of potential buyers . Ugh !
 I LOVE THIS PRODUCT , I HAVE BROWN SPOTS AND MY SKIN NO LONGER LOOKS AS FIRM AS IT USED TO BE THIS PRODUCT REVERSED THE IT BY LIFTING IT BACK TO ITS OLD POSITION AND FIRMING IT UP - LIFTAND FIRM AND MY FADE CREME GAVE ME THE GLOW THAT I NEED . REGRET WHY YOU DO NOT SHIP TO NIGERIA MY FINAL DESTINATION , NNEKA .
 Feels good and appears to improve texture but will take 60 days to actually see results . This product is a good price for the ingredients .
 Bought this creme for my wife , and not only does she love it but I definately love the results . Her skin looks tighter , firmer , and feels so soft like when she was younger . It has been very hard for her to find it so I started searching high and low and was a true heroe when I found it here on Amazon . It sure works for her !!!
 My purchase was a Christmas gift . The person that got it uses it all the time and loves it . i would definitely purchase more for her from this seller . It was sent in a timely manner as stated . It was packaged well .
 Dream Drops are an important part of my daily hair routine . This product makes my hair shine like gloss , but do n't use too much unless you like the oily look ! Used moderately , it gives hair a sheen , and protects it from heat . Just a little goes a long way , so it will last a couple of months . I love it !
 I found this shower gel the first time in Canada several years ago . The aroma is wonderful and refreshing , as it says . So glad to have found it again with Amazon 's help !
 this is a really fresh smelling shower gel that really moisturizes . I love it !!!!
 i love this product . i have kp on my legs which makes my skin extremely dry and it only takes a little bit of the gel to moisten it all day . It leaves my skin silky smooth . great product for great price
 Many people have been complimenting me on my skin lately ... how soft and smooth it is , how young looking . I always tell them that I have been using DCL AHA Revitalizing Gel for over 20 years . A dermatologist recommended it after a persistent outbreak when I was about 45 years old . After one round of antibiotics took care of the infection that caused it , I began applying DCL AHA Revitalizing Gel 10 and there was never a recurrence of that breakout . The gel causes a mild stinging sensation at first , but leaves your skin feeling tighter and firmer . Over the years my skin adjusted to level 10 and I progressed through 15 and now to 20 . Such a small amount is needed daily that the 4 oz lasts for months . I apply it to my face and throat each morning and other than moisturizer have not used any other product . I do take care to avoid the eye and lip areas as recommended.My daughter has been plagued by rosacea for more than a year so I recently gave her DCL AHA Revitalizing Gel 10 to try . She has been using it for a few weeks and the redness has diminished and her skin has not reacted in any negative way to the Gel so she hopes for continued improvement .
 I have a nice regimen going for my KP -LRB- thighs , arms , buttocks -RRB- , and when I leave out this component there is a SIGNIFICANT difference . Leaves my skin soft and smooth , glad I found this .
 Most combs made today are cheap , plastic , horrors . They 're sharp , brittle , and they break easily . So do yourself a huge favor and throw them out and buy a few of these Handmade Tortoise combs
 This is the best lipliner available . It last all day and is available in various colors .
 Hello magical Trucco Pro Lip pencils , the best I 've ever used . Quality . You stay almost all day . You do not create furrows . You travel well.You 've been used by motion picture studio make-up artists for a reason.How sad I am the company that manufactures you is no longer in business . I have yet to find a product that can equal you . Missing you .
 Love the trucco lipliner because it does n't leave you looking like a clown . The liner stays on , but is not noticeable even when your lipstick starts to wear off . Too bad it 's been discontinued . Would love it if Trucco changed their mind or sold it to some other company -- it 's the best !!!!
 As my last bottle of this mascara ran out , I found myself wondering if there was better stuff out there -- I tried about 3 other mascaras , but then came back to this one in the end . Less clumping and better application than the others I tried .
 What a great product ! This soap is not only beautiful , but the aroma is also wonderful ! The price is reasonable for what you get ! It is also organic & completely natural . I 'm so happy that Amazon carries this product !
 Yes , I would recommend this item . It arrived as advertised , on time , safely packaged , and I had no issues at all.I would def do business with this company again.Excellent product !! - Jim : - -RRB-
 It 's a rock made of soap ! Smells great , looks really cool , and it was a lot bigger than I thought it would be . Will buy again when it becomes a pebble .
 I use Neutrogena Ageless Restoratives 5-Minute Facial and LOVE it . It has the exact same ingredients as this product , but sells for A LOT less.Neutrogena Ageless Restoratives 5-Minute Facial , 1.7 Ounce
 I 've been using this product for several years and have noticed a huge difference in my skin ; in my humble opinion , it 's a better expenditure of money than a professional chemical peel . The results are as dramatic !
 Neutrogena Facial Peel is the best treatment I have ever used on my face . My skin is radiant after and I am 69 years old . Neutrogena has stopped making this product . How horrible .
 When my skin gets the least bit tired or drab looking I use this . It 's the best renewal scrub , cream or anything I 've ever tried . I noticed lately though that it is not being carried by Walmart or Walgreens so I think they may be discontinuing it ! That 's NOT good news ! Especially if it 's going to cost me more than the $ 25 it costs in those stores .
 I have used this for two weeks now and am totally impressed with the change in my ` forty year old face ' . Using it twice a week has left my skin more pliant , with less wrinkles , and healthier . In fact , I 'd say with seriousness that my skin looks ten years younger , no joke.I hope it works as well for all of you.Follow the instructions !
 Purchased this for my wife and this works well with her skin . She purchases this periodically and is quite happy with the results .
 I started using this product three months ago and wow what a difference ! I suffered from teenage acne which never really went away and when I hit my thirties it came back with a vengeance . I 'm 36 now and have developed VERY sensitive skin . Never a makeup person since it makes me break out . I even tried prescription acne medication , which never worked . Finally took a six month treatment of pills and it cleared my skin up but it was never the same . I do n't sun worship not since a case of sun poisoning when I was 24 . I also have a fair complexion which reddens within five minutes of being outside . I wear a hat while gardening due to the sensitive nature of my skin . Freckles everywhere , even my arms.I 've been plagued with dry , sensitive skin and trust me over moisturizing does n't work ! I began to use Aveeno and Biore products and got my skin under control but I was still having breakouts . I 've tried Neutrogena in the past but was n't satisfied with the cleansers and stuff . . after reading other reviews of this product and Neutrogena Advanced Solutions I decided to try both of them and what a result!The facial peel I use once a week or so , because of the cost I was stretching it by using the advanced solutions . The first thing I noticed was that the dry skin I was having trouble with , which led to combination skin and dry patches on my face improved within a couple of weeks.I developed this odd condition of breaking out along my jaw line and had scars and even acne that just would n't go away . . they 're finally gone ! Also the breakouts I was having have nearly stopped ! I still do get breakouts , especially right before my period but as soon as it happens I use Biore facial strips to clean out my pores and dab on some Aveeno facial mask , which is also marvelous , and I can control the breakouts.Some might think I use too many products but in reality I rotate them . Like when I get a zit I dab on some Aveeno facial mask -LRB- not on my entire face , just the breakout area -RRB- right before the shower and rinse it off at the end . The gentle mask of soy is cleansing and does n't clog my pores . I ca n't afford facials and facial peels so these are a good alternative.The Neutrogena facial peel MUST be followed up with a good moisturizing lotion . I personally use Aveeno clear complexion face lotion , this is light and does n't clog my pores like some of the others . Also its a good idea to scrub away the flaking skin -LRB- usually by the next day -RRB- I use Aveeno facial two side scrubs -LRB- in round jar -RRB- . The face soap does n't dry my skin out and the scrubbing side is perfect for sloughing off the dried skin.Also try Neutrogena Advanced Solutions - this is more textured then the facial scrub . White sandy thicker solution that you dab onto your face and use the hand held `` scrubber '' that comes with the kit . Its not really a scrubber as it does n't rotate , it vibrates . Anyway I use this every other day or so , again sparingly . I do n't glop the stuff on my face just a few dots , forehead , cheeks , chin and jaw and anyplace where I might have blackheads and then follow up with the face cream . Also this does n't ` foam ' up like it looks on the commercial , it 's more of an exfoliating scrub then a cleanser.The Facial Peel is thinner and sort of a tan gray color , looks sort of gross and when applying I apply it sparingly in a THIN layer . You really do n't need to put it on heavily . Your face will tingle , which is normal , massage off with fingertips or sometimes I use my handheld face sponge . One of those free gifts with an order of something or other . You can also use the sponge from the advanced solutions in circular motions . Your face will pink up within thirty minutes after using this so do n't panic . This is normal because it increases circulation to your skin which brings the blood to your cheeks . Remember to use facial cream while your face is still moist . Sometimes I forget and then my face feels all dry.I usually use these scrubs after I 've taken a shower and my face is moist and pores open . Also use a hairband or a hair towel to keep hair back , its really annoying trying to wash the face scrub out of your hair . Follow up with a toner and lotion and you should notice a difference within a couple of weeks . Other reviews of this product point out that you have to continue to use these products and its true ! But having suffered from acne all my life and been frustrated with the lack of good over the counter products the price is worth purchasing these and using them . There are ways of stretching the products out like I said above.Also great products are . . and no I do n't work for Aveeno , they just have really great products that do n't cost a fortune!AveenoClear Complexion Cleansing MaskClear Complexion Daily Cleansing Pads -LRB- this is the one with the scrubbing side and smooth side -RRB- Clear Complexion Daily MoisturizerClear Complexion Foaming Cleanser - Absolutely great for daily use or even more then once daily . In hot weather I use it more often when I feel like a cool rinse.Correcting Treatment , Clear ComplexionIf you 're looking for a good moisturizer for your body , try Aveeno Creamy Moisturizing Oil or the Moisturizing Shower & Bath Oil . I also use Jergen 's ultra healing which you can use on your face also.BioreBlemish Ice CleanserDaily Deep Cleaning Pore Cleansing Cloths - these are sometimes better then using toner on a cotton ball since it 's a full cloth . My husbands actually likes to use these also . He also likes the Pore unclogging scrub for when he takes a shower and the Triple Action Astringent.Good luck with your skin !
 I have light acne scarring that usually takes quite some time to fade , especially on my cheeks . So far , I 've noticed that these scars are clearing up a little faster , due to the peel removing the topmost layer of dead cells , allowing the skin underneath to breathe and heal . I 've also noticed a smaller breakout area the week before menstruation , which is something of a blessing.My only disappointment is that due to the price , customers ca n't get a small trial size and try it on a patch of skin before using it . Even at-home glycolic peels should be tested on a small , easily covered part of the skin before using it on your entire face . Some people have a terrible reaction . Use with caution before doing a full treatment.There is some notable flushing of the skin , somewhat like the increased skin bloodflow that comes with taking the wrong kind of Niacin tablet . You should have a tingling sensation , NOT a burning sensation . If it is in any way painful , remove it immediately.It 's definitely not a good idea to use this with any facial cleanser that contains menthol -LRB- check your labels - menthol is a BAD ingredient for facial cleansers anyway -RRB- , as it will not let your skin cool after using that , and will burn .
 I love this product . I used to get professional chemical peels and now I do n't bother because this is so relatively cheap , easy , and effective . It give me the same results without the pain or redness that I used to have with the professional ones . I highly recommend it !
 I love to go to the spa for a facial . I do n't do it often enough , but I swear that this product works better than those visits . I can see visible changes in my skin . It looks smoother . My pores look smaller , so I love this stuff . I have oily skin .
 This product does what it claims to do , it exfoliates dead skin and leaves it soft and dewy . Other reviews stated that it did not work on scaring ... and that would be correct because this product makes no claims to do so . I recommend this to anyone who wants to gently resurface the dead cells from your skin . I 'm purchasing my third jar .
 I use Neutrogena Advanced Solutions Fadial Peel twice per week and have been using it for three years . It removes all makeup residue and super cleans my skin . After each treatment , my skin feels smooth and new ! It 's amazing how much -LRB- dead skin cells , clogged pores and the effects of modern life -RRB- this product removes in just ten minutes , and without any adverse reactions - even though I have sensitive skin . This is a wonderful product !
 My skin feels so much better after using this . It helps get rid of the dead superficial stuff and leaves my face looking cleaner .
 I found Neutrogena Advanced Solutions Facial Peel to work exactly like the instructions said it would . After using it now for 3 months , my face really feels and looks younger . It is really nice to have smoother and younger looking skin without the high cost of other brands .
 This product is fantastic for wavy hair ! I am a very low maintenance person who prefers not to use too many products as part of my morning rotine . Surf Spray is super easy to apply and it instantly makes your hair feel and look great ! It takes care of any frizz and it makes it look naturally beautiful without too much work other than spraying it on while your hair is still damp . I have started using it 6 months ago and ca n't live without it !
 I have very fine hair and this product gives my hair texture and volume . I love it ! If you use too much at one time , it will make your hair a bit sticky/stiff , but after trying it a time or two I was able to figure out how much to use and now it 's perfect . Highly recommend .
 I have straight , superfine hair that does n't do much on its own and I started using this about three years ago . I LOVED it ! I like working it into damp hair , or even using it over other products after I 've dried my hair to give it some extra texture right at the end.However , I got tired of paying so much for it and found out after a simple web search that you can make your own similar product by diluting two tablespoons of sea salt in four ounces of water . I even poured this right into my old Surf Spray bottle and it has worked like a charm ! This little secret has probably saved me over $ 200 so far . I still love and use other Bumble and Bumble products like Prep , Grooming Creme , Texture , and Thickening Spray , but for the Surf Spray I now make my own !
 You know , that tousled , separated look your hair gets after you 've been swimming in the ocean and the sun & wind have dried your hair naturally . It 's a great hair refresher after a day in the office , before heading out for the evening .
 Made with organic flower water . This is a wonderful product you will not want to run out of . It is not only healing for your body , but it lifts your spirit and makes you feel calm.Certified organic lavender hydrosol -LRB- lavandula officinalis -RRB- , certified organic extracts of calendula -LRB- calendula officinalis -RRB- , chamomile -LRB- chamomilla recutita -RRB- , green tea -LRB- camellia sinensis -RRB- and St. John 's wort -LRB- hypericum perforatum -RRB- , sodium cocoyl glutamate , cocamidopropyl betaine , panthenol -LRB- pro-vitamin B5 -RRB- , certified organic aloe barbadensis , organic sea kelp extract -LRB- laminaria digitata -RRB- , certified organic plant oils of jojoba -LRB- simmondsia chinensis -RRB- and sunflower -LRB- helianthus annuus -RRB- , tocopherylNo animal testing or ingredients.Use with the body lotion , shampoo and conditioner forthe full Lavender experience . ~ The Rebecca Review
 ... great gift for dolphin lovers . The bottle is beautiful . It smells fantastic and the scent lasts a long time on my skin . I get compliments on it every time I wear it .
 I found this cologne about 5 years ago in a SeaWorld gift shop . I have been wearing it since , on and off . I 've probably purchased about 6 bottles since . I 've used Tiffany Sheer , Tommy Bahama , Ralph , Amazing Grace ... all much more expensive , but I keep coming back to Tursiops . It smells like you just got out of the shower . I get so many compliments on it and it definitely is not over powering like your grandmother 's perfume ! The only problem I have with this product is that you ca n't buy it in stores . I 've only found it on the Internet and now , only recently on Amazon .
 When I went on my first cruise to the Caribbean they were selling this on the ship . I smelled this and thought of the oceans water and knew no one else would have this at home . I bought 2 bottles and received compliments every day . Years later I went on a cruise and found out they do not sell this on the cruise ships any more ... so when I got home I went on line and found were I could order some . Thanks for keeping this around ... love this stuff
 My favorite fragrance . Went back and bought the room freshener , body lotion and all . Did you know Tursiops means &#34; Dolphin &#34; ?
 This is the only perfume I wear . People notice the clean scent and I receive many compliments when I wear it -- even when I go overboard and apply too much ! The frosted bottle with the dolphin jumping the aqua wave goes with my ocean-decor bathroom and bedroom -- a little lagniappe !
 I freely admit that I bought Tursiops Eau De Parfum just because I loved the way the bottle looked . It just seemed that it would look terrific on the bathroom vanity , which overlooks the water , which is where the dolphins play almost daily . Yes , the bottle is a knock-out decorating item . So , it is actually a bonus that the fragrance is so nice . It goes on a little loud , but dries down to a soft , clean , long-lasting fragrance that is very appropriate for daytime casual and dressy . The lotion is a nice surprise as well . It is non-greasy , but has plenty of moisture for my dry skin . And , it 's great for layering with the Eau De Parfum.Tursiops is a great buy , especially if you get the combo .
 I bought my first bottle of Tursiops at the beach ... many years ago ... have used it ever since . I was happy to find in on Amazon ! It is sexy , light , fresh ... just right . My husband likes it , better than any I 've worn before , such as Ralph . I like something that reminds me of the beach , & this does ... not only the bottle , but the fragrance !
 This is the only perfume that actually stays on you after you put it on . All the perfumes I have never had a perfume that the stay smells .
 I was looking for a hair care line to slow the bleaching effect of the sun on my color treated hair . I did an internet search for hair care products that contain a built-in sunscreen . I found Faipa Sicura Professional was selling very well in sunny climates , not only in Italy where it 's made , but also in Greece , Southern France , Monaco and places in the middle east like Dubai . Faipa created Sicura Professional to compliment their own lines of hair color so I thought it was worth a try.Having already used premium hair products with a sunscreen , I doubted I would see any difference . I have to say I 'm very impressed how well the Faipa products protect color from sun fade when used with other products in the Sicura line . Normal hair washing always removes some color . Something I was n't expecting was that the color loss was less with the Faipa products.The conditioner has the same effect on hair as the post color/weekly conditioner included with most home hair color products . In other words , Faipa claims it re-closes the hair cuticle with each use.Faipa Sicura Professional Hair Cream , 250 ml
 I was looking for a hair care line to slow the bleaching effect of the sun on my color treated hair . I did an internet search for hair care products that contain a built-in sunscreen . I found Faipa Sicura Professional was selling very well in sunny climates , not only in Italy where it 's made , but also in Greece , Southern France , Monaco and places in the middle east like Dubai . Faipa created Sicura Professional to compliment their own lines of hair color so I thought it was worth a try.Having already used premium hair products with a sunscreen , I doubted I would see any difference . I have to say I 'm very impressed how well the Faipa products protect color from sun fade when used with other products in the Sicura line . Normal hair washing always removes some color . Something I was n't expecting was that the color loss was less with the Faipa products.The conditioner has the same effect on hair as the post color/weekly conditioner included with most home hair color products . In other words , Faipa claims it re-closes the hair cuticle with each use.Faipa Sicura Professional Hair Cream , 1 L
 I love Neutrogena regular shampoo and use it once a week to remove conditioner build-up or chlorine . This version leaves the hair fuller and gives volume but still has that clean , shiny effect.I like the smell as well . Men and women both can use this shampoo .
 I have used this product for years . I love it ! It gives fine , limp hair more volume . It does not dull the shine or weigh the hair down , as most other such products do .
 My husband has used this off and on for years and occasionally I also do . It is mild , adds a bit of volume .
 wish i could find the conditioner . really like this shampoo -- does n't weight hair down and smells great . found it at a hotel and have been buying it ever since .
 Does take away all that build up and leaves your hair squeaky clean . I like to use it twice a month and if I am doing special updo 's often I might use it every week . The conditioner is also great .
 Wonderful shampoo , especially as I am sensitive to ingredients and fragrances . Leaves hair squeaky clean with lots of hair volume .
 I just used this for the first time this morning ... Ill be using it again ... it really did add volume ... my hair looks and feels so much better !!
 I want one in every color . It glides on very smooth and the color lasts .
 The eyeliner itself is great . I have it in black and it goes on smooth and dark , good for a smokey look . However , it does n't have as much glitter as expected . This could be good for some people , but when I order a product that claims to a glitter eye pencil , I expected more glitter . If you want a sexy dramatic glitter look that 's not too 80s , try Victoria 's Secret liquid metallic eye liner . Otherwise , stick with this product .
 shipped quick , arrived well packaged . color is great , glides on smoothly and lasts all day but washes off easily at night . would purchase again !
 nice colors , soft texture ... i just love those . . all my friends ask me for the place i bought it , and they are jelaous of my eyes !!
 Goes on smooth and not ultra glittery , just a bit of shimmer that makes it -LRB- and you -RRB- stand out a little bit , but without being too obvious . Khaki & Black are my favesThe black is esp good for nights and the smoky look.Appropriate for the over 13 crowd
 I have tried many , many chocolate/cocoa fragrances and this is the best BY FAR . Its a very simple , straight-up cocoa scent with vanilla undertones ; no weird flowers or musk or amber thrown into the mix . It really smells just like Swiss Miss hot cocoa . The description says that it contains some sort of orange but I do n't smell it at all . It tends to be on the sweet side so I can imagine that it may get a bit cloying in warmer weather but it is just lovely in the winter .
 I love this stuff , this is my daily perfume . I love smelling like yummy things like cookies , hot cocoa , ice cream cones , rice krispie treats ... all these things are comments I 've heard from people who smell me wearing Amour de Cacao . Even after hours of wearing it , when I ca n't smell it anymore at all , someone will comment on it when I walk in the room . Comments are always positive.I give it 4 stars because the scent does n't seem to be completely consistent from batch to batch . I 've ordered three different bottles from three different sources and they each smell slightly different .
 I love this stuff ! I have been wearing it on an off since 1999 . If you love sweet smelling perfumes -LRB- chololate , vanilla , etc. -RRB- then you will love this perfume . One of the best out there !
 Ich habe mir das Parf&uuml;m nach Deutschland liefern lassen , hat Super geklappt . Ist ein ganz toller Duft . Sehr empfehlenswert - w&uuml;rde ich jederzeit wieder bestellen . Vielen Dank .
 Brings me back to Hawaii with one puff . Not too heavy either like some purfumes but a little does go along way .
 I have tried other cocoa fragrances before and have been completely disappointed . They smell like alcohol or are just unappealing . Not so with this perfume . It has a wonderful soft cocoa/vanilla scent and smells wonderful . Plus , I paid $ 35 on Amazon compared with $ 75 at other websites .
 This smells so yummy !! It is like a day at the beach . I wish the scent would linger a little bit longer , I go thru it quickly . But it is my favorite !
 I 've worn Eden for ` bout 20 years now and could not love it more . The scent goes on a little strong , but as it settles in , becomes the most beautiful aroma that lasts all day ...
 not sure why others gave negative reviews ... my bottle arrived in perfect shape ! it smells just like i remember !! love it ! love it ! love it !!!!
 This product is phenomenal ! I had some darker spots on my fact and around my eyes and after a month of usage its all gone . Also , it makes my skin smoother . I saw my family after being away for a few months and they were shocked about the difference in my skin tone . Beautiful !
 I had melasma on my upper lip due to oral contraceptives . Had no idea what it was until I started reading articles online . It was so embarassing because it always looked like a had a little moustache or five o'clock shadow there . This product -LRB- used in conjunction with the nighttime product -RRB- worked wonders ! I would wash my face & then gently rub it in and give it a couple of minutes to soak in before applying lotion , makeup , etc. . Has no odor whatsoever . It took about 2-3 months of doing this morning and night to fully go away but sooo worth it if you do have a medical problem like I did , hooray !
 Love this product . Amazon is the only place that ships it for a good price , great for dark skinned females . I have been using this product for years and I have little dis coloration on my face .
 This product shipped fast , thank you ! I wish the scent was a little more pleasing , but has been several days now and I guess I 'm getting used to it . The cream feels good on my skin . My skin tends to look a little oily after a few hours , so sometimes I wash my face and then apply more . I use this in conjunction with the Esoterica Facial Cream for Night Time as well . I am see very slight results so far and think this may actually work on my dark spots long term .
 I decided to try Esoterica before turning to a dermatologist . I am so glad I did . I just started using the product and already notice a change after 2 days ! Maybe I am just wishing , and I should have taken a before picture , but I really feel this is making a difference . I was a bit worried about all the comments about the `` smell '' . I was expecting it to smell like a foot or worse , BUT IT DOESNT SMELL ! In fact , the scent is very pleasant and smells refreshing . But I guess everyone is entitled to their opinions ... I will continue to use this and hope my skin keeps getting lighter and more even toned !
 I love this fragranonce and they do n't leave me feeling greasy or . sticky . I also like the thicknesss and that they are not too heavy .
 Fast delivery , price ok . And product really does lighten your skin and , removes dark circles and spots but you must use it twice and , be patient . . Ca n't find product in regular stores anymore . . thanks Amazon
 I have been using this product for years . It work better than on my skin . All the other fantasy brand name strip my skin of it natural oil . I would recommend this to anyone who want a clear skin .
 Esoterica keeps my skin moist and safe from the sun . Excellent if you have dry skin . I 've been using it for over ten years .
 I love this version of this product . The night and SPF versions are a bit sticky . This goes on well and feels great . The fading is subtle and it 's not a miracle , but I also do n't have further breakouts when using .
 These soaps are really great . Super soft , and creamy and they moisturize your skin like none other !
 and it works well for my very thick , long , naturally curly but fine hair and my husband 's curly , thinning , short hair . I have used this shampoo for 20 years starting in my salon and even beyond that career . I chose it after lots of research and have always been happy with the entire IMAGE line of products .
 This stuff is the only shampoo I will use . I am a shampoo snob and this does the trick !
 This hairspray holds very well . But what makes it great is the fact you can brush through it and there is no residue or flakes . It is the best hairspray I ever tried .
 I discovered this product a few years ago & I am so glad I did ! Absolutely the best ! I do n't care how bad your hands are or how dry they get , this stuff will fix it.The only drawback I can see is the smell . I do n't mind it at all , but some might . It does smell like camphor . The green variety is the same but with an herbally kind of smell that 's a little softer . Neither of them will smell past the first few minutes so it 's not like you 're going to smell this all day . I buy both & use them every day . I will NOT be without them !
 Since I 'm a woman , it seems like any time anyone does n't know what to get me , they resort to body sprays and lotions because all women are supposed to like those , I think . As a result of that , I have years ' worth of body sprays sitting around and going bad because I just do n't like them . But this one is different.This smells more like the stem and leaves of the tomato plant , so it 's an earthy yet refreshing scent . I always get questions and compliments about this spray . I love that it 's not flowery or fruity . It 's probably not something a super girly-girl would like , but for someone who does n't like the usual scents , this is perfect .
 One of my friends introduced me to this scent after finding it at her local whole foods . I searched high and low and could only find it online . It smells unlike any other perfume I 've used . I typically wear Burberry Baby Touch or Flowerbomb but this is my new favorite . The perfume smells exactly like a tomato plant at first spray but after a while it evolves into a simple , clean fresh-cut grass kind of a smell . Highly recommended , very much worth a try for the price , you 'll be glad you did .
 Light clean scent . Not overwhelming at all . My doorman asked me what I was wearing and could n't believe it was Tomato .
 This is my favorite Demeter scent by far . I occasionally buy a different scent and end up giving it away .
 I love this perfume , I could n't find it because it was n't sold in the U.S. but I finally figured out what it was called -LRB- I thought it was `` I heart Dior '' -RRB- anyways , I thought I would let y' all know what the fragrance notes are since they do n't tell you in this description , I got this description from another site , but -LRB- to a novice -RRB- it seems correct : -RRB- Fragrance notes for ' I love Dior '
 I have vey sensitvie skin that dries out easily and is prone to the occasional breakout . This does a pretty good job , after I 'm done washing my face it does n't feel dried out and I have n't had any breakouts . I like a product that foams up more , and it does n't remove eye make-up very well , so you will need another product for that
 I have thick wavy hair that is about armpit length and sometimes tangles . I want to grow my hair longer , so I know it is important to use a good quality comb that wo n't damage the hair . This comb is very smooth , no seams at all , and does n't break or get caught in my hair . I use it for both wet and dry combing . Very nice comb and will last for years !
 Recommend product to other guys over 50 who are showing signs of aging around the eyes ... apply a dab twice a day and in a month , lines disappeared and &#34; bagginess &#34; under eyes is less noticeable ...
 Works well for what it is needed , holds the liquid soap well . Good natural product . I liked it , its different but its nice to have too .
 I needed a really intense moisturizer when i was on accutane in the winter . -LRB- I 'm a 23 year old with now lovely skin . -RRB- I used this as a night cream , and it did such a great job that I did n't even need to use a moisturizer in the morning . Anyone that knows anything about accutane knows it gives you incredibly dry skin . If this works on accutane skin , it will work on ANY dry skin . -LRB- warning - if your skin is sensitive , you will feel a bit of a tingle the first couple times you use it . it 's not too bad , and it will go away after a few uses . -RRB-
 Finally I found a product that I really love for my face . When I do n't use it , I feel the difference on my face.It 's an excellent product !!
 Eye brightener cream is a great daily cream and the facial wash is an excellent skin exfolidater . Tried more expensive products with less success .
 I chose this for my husband , and it does smell good , although a little richer than I 'm used to . I wanted to try something like that for him , though , and I think it makes a perfect evening scent . Not sure if I would like him to wear it daily , as I tend to prefer lighter scents . Overall , I am happy with this purchase .
 If anyone out there is hesitant to buy cologne from Amazon , put your fears aside . They do such a fine job of packing . Amazon is my cologne source and I 've never had a problem . And Romance is a wonderful fresh , subtle scent . I love it !
 Got it for Valentine 's day present.He loves the sophisticated smell of it and I love the way he smells wearing this ... Highly recommended .
 I find many of todays men 's colognes either too strong , or too `` sweet '' if that can describe that nose bleeding smell . There are exceptions of course ; however , I do not think that there is anything that has a scent as Balanced as Ralph Laurens silver romance . It is not weak , its not too strong , and it last long . It is an amazing cologne , something I have been looking for for a long time . I do not know if it makes any difference for you but I am very please with the bottle as well . It makes the cologne appear even more magical . It is nice that I was able to find such a great deal - 39 dollars per 3 + Oz bottle is not bad .
 As a man I do n't like cologne 's that come across too flowery or spicy smelling . I like a hint of Citrus with a clean sent to it -LRB- do n't know how else to describe it -RRB- Last year a female friend was raving to me about how good Issey Miyake smelled on a man . So , I went and checked it out , very nice stuff . I bought it , and it was an instant hit whenever I went wearing it . But , a year has passed and I wanted something new . I fell in love with Ralph Lauren Silver from the first wiff at the stores counter.it 's not Purfumy at all , it does n't remind me of spices , or flowers . Maybe it 's just me , but I get a Lemon -LRB- Citrus -RRB- like bite from it . All I know is the tester at the store smelled wonderful , so I picked up the 1.7 ounce bottle . I hope the effect carries over well when I actually wear it . As I know how fragrances smell different on different people.Ralph Lauren Silver is one of those ladies attention getters . Just like his Polo/Polo Sport -LRB- and now Polo Blue -RRB- were . Good good stuff ...
 Well packaged and timely deliveryScent is very nice - not too flowery or too heavy - nice hint of spice
 Romance Silver By Ralph Lauren For Men . Eau De Toilette Spray 3.4 OuncesVERY NICE SCENT ! FANCY BOTTLE !
 Men do n't want to go around smelling like a perfumery ; therefore , Lauren 's `` Silver '' is the answer to being alluring yet manly . Just a small amount draws attention ... and is n't that what it 's all about ?
 It 's difficult to describe a fragrance in an online review , and everyone seems to have their own objective experience . To start , I prefer this scent to the popular Polo Black.The first thing I noticed was suede , which adds a masculine touch to a dynamic scent . It is not overwhelming , but the suede is definitely there in the best possible way . The second scent I get is a vague spiciness that is difficult to describe . Overall it has a balanced scent , and the way I would describe it is not overpowering in the highs and lows.Used in the correct amount , you can probably get away with wearing this year-round , but do n't be afraid to consult with those around you . I would also warn from personal experience that this scent will go bad if left in your medicine cabinet for several years , but it 's unlikely most people will have this problem.Because you probably still have no idea what this smells like , I 'll just add it smells nothing like cheap axe deodorant spray and you will be happy with RL Silver . Get it from a reputable source , it appears as though fake fragrances are being sold through Amazon .
 I am no neophyte when it comes to fine fragrances , but occasionally a more simple fragrance will catch my ... er ... nose . While I usually wear Chanel or Guerlain , I do not like such complicated scents on my husband -LRB- although I must say that Guerlain Vetiver is simple ... and simply wonderful ! -RRB- . Romance silver is also very simple , and the best way to describe it would be cedar - lots and lots of cedar . Now , I happen to absolutely love the smell of cedar , sandalwood , and other earthy smells , so this cologne is perfect in my opinion . I like my man to smell like a man - not citrusy or sporty or sweet . Most man-boys wear those `` refreshing '' scents or gross stuff like Axe spray . You wo n't get that smack-in-the-face smell from Romance Silver . It reminds me of a guy who is n't afraid to go out and chop a little wood ... and somehow smell absolutely amazing doing so !
 This is one of RL 's finest fragrances . Tried a few years ago when I was rolling through their line , this one , and Black , stood out . They are fairly different though . With `` Romance Silver '' one might think this is a change , or downgrade , from `` Romance '' itself
 I have worn this since it first came out , everyone got it for me for birthdays , X-mas , etc. . Somewhere along the way , Ralph Lauren discontinued it and I was forced to order it from Internet perfumaries . Now I am lucky to find it on Amazon.com and eBay ! Thank you for having it and for the great service ! Got any more?Doug Marinodmarino7110@yahoo.com
 This is the same great product that I used to be able to buy in the stores but now it is discontinued . The 1.7 ounces is great too as I can travel with it . I would buy it again .
 I 've been looking to replace a bottle I received as a gift . Found it on Amazon at a great price . The Romance Silver has a `` Manly '' scent , but not too much . Highly recommended . Ladies - buy this for your man . Fellas - You wo n't go wrong with this one .
 I WAS TRYING TO BUY SOMETHING THATS REALLY SMELLS DIFERENT AND MASCULINE . I TRIED ROMANCE SILVER AND TRUST ME YOU WILL LOVE IT . IT WAS EXACLY WHAT I WAS LOOKING FOR . A COLOGNE THAT SMELL DIFERENT FROM ALL THE OTHER AND VERY MASCULINE . PERFECT FOR A GIFT OR FOR YOUR SELF ,
 I purchased this item last month and I 've been happy with it since . I originally purchased this because I did n't want my tattoo to be visible during a job interview . ~ The kit includes : - loose Finishing Powder light brown-Primer WHITE -LRB- consistency of pressed liquid foundation -RRB- -2 liquid Concealers in Rich Beige & Light Brown -LRB- 1/2 oz . -RRB- - Camellia extract Hydrating Base -LRB- consistency of lotion -RRB- - sponge-small make-up brush-comes in a small tin case -LRB- like an old-school lunch box -RRB- The results ? I did what the instructions said -LRB- use the hydrating base , let dry , then applied primer to area w/sponge , let dry , then applied concealer in my desired shade , let dry , and then finally applied the finishing powder -RRB- . Very easy to do , just make sure you have time to do it . After applying the primer and the concealers , I immediately saw results . After using the finishing powder , that 's when it looked a lot like real skin . You could n't tell that there was a tattoo there , unless you put your face close to it and stare really hard ! The cover-up will last you ALL DAY LONG ... it is also WATER-PROOF and SMUDGE-PROOF . Negatives ? Just make sure that the foundation really matches your skin tone . If this one does n't , find another one that matches yours and you 're bound to make use of this tattoo kit successfully .
 My wedding is 46 days away and I had to share . I just purchased CM-Beauty tattoo cover up , tried it for the first time tonight and the results are fabulous ! I wanted to share with inked people out there ... this stuff works !!
 This is fabulous if you are 30 + . It is very moisturizing , does not settle , reflects light and gives you a gorgeous glow . I ca n't say enough about this product and it is a must have in my bag of tricks . I actually turned my mother on to this and she loves it as well .
 I enjoy using this scrubber . It is great for exfoliation and leaves my skin quite smooth .
 It reaches all the nooks and crannies
 Maybe it 's because I 'm good with makeup or lucked out having the right skin tone but it WORKED . Just follow the directions ! It 's simple ! The product alone is n't going to magically cover your tattoo . . you have to use the right technique , and they give you clear instructions . Use some common sense . . if you need to apply more , do so . Apply around the tattoo too . . and BLEND that area . . ON the tattoo it needs to be cakey , but the powdery stuff will keep it in place . If it 's not exactly the right color you can add some colored powder you already have to adjust . I used this on a BLACK tattoo on my wrist for my friend 's wedding and it was amazing . . if you look close you can see there is some different texture to the area , but in pictures it looked like there was no difference to the area at all . I had a ribbon type thing I made to wear at the reception in case it ended up fading , but it lasted .
 tried it on my fianc&eacute;e and it works great . ill be using it to cover my tats on my back for my wedding
 The product seems to work well , after a few applications . The colors were lighter than expected and the size was deffinately a suprise . It is a lot smaller than in looks in the picture . For the most part please with the purchase though .
 Confession time - I used to own a Zeno . I bought one when they first came out . Due to the replacement tips , I would `` ration '' my zaps - using it sporadically , which kind of stunk.Then a month after my warranty expired , I took my Zeno out of the drawer - to find that it had expired too.Looking around , this seemed like a better bet , and I have not been disappointed . I tend not to get to pimples in time to kill them when they are forming , but this does bring things to a head a lot faster than if you just leave it alone . I get cystic acne on occasion , and -LRB- while I believe it says this is not to be used with cyctic -RRB- I was desperate , and I did use it with great results.Yeah , it does sting ! I find that the first zap is the hardest . But the results are worth it .
 Way quicker than the competition and you 'll spend much less on tips . Seems to work just as well .
 I purchased this product after having a series of breakouts on my cheeks and chin . I do n't have cystic acne , but I did have the types of breakouts that I could feel as mild pain and pressure under the skin . To combat this , I would slather on every type of acne medication that you can imagine in the hopes of preventing the acne before it broke through . This resulted in peeling , red , flaky skin on my chin which I would then need to moisturize liberally , in turn resulting in clogged pores and you guessed it , more acne . A vicious cycle ! -LSB- ... -RSB- The first time I used Thermaclear , I set it to the lowest setting , let it warm up , and did a treatment on my face . It was a wee bit painful -LRB- much like a quick pinprick -RRB- . However , I got some satisfaction out of the feeling since I figured the pain must mean its working . I now use Thermaclear on the highest level and have noticed a significant reduction in my breakouts , as well as a reduction in the healing time of zits when they do happen . This is not a 100 % cure for acne , but I have seen a significant improvement in my skin -- reduced healing time , reduction of inflammation , no flaking or visible redness.I will admit that Thermaclear can hurt a bit -LRB- sometimes I find myself tapping my foot and cringing a bit as I press it to a threatening acne bump -RRB- , but I will gladly take the fraction-of-a-second of pain in exchange for clearer skin ! I still use an acne spot treatment -LRB- Burt 's Bees -RRB- after I use Thermaclear , but because I do not have to continuously reapply the spot treatment , the flaking is gone.I would highly recommend this product to others . With a 30 day money back guarantee , what do you have to lose ?
 This product works and what 's more , you do n't need extra cartriges or frequent tip changes either . It gives you alot of usage on 2 AA batteries and you do n't have to worry about electricity frequency changes when travering overseas . Overall this product is a bargain
 I loved this way more than the Zeno since it took only a few seconds instead of minutes for each blemish . Yeah the zap did take some getting used to , but like everyone always says , `` Beauty is Pain '' .
 I came across this while I was research Zeno . I liked that it ran on batteries so that I did n't have to throw it away if the built-in rechargable decided to die . -LSB- ... -RSB- . Its slightly bigger than the Zeno and is very simple to use . Yes it does take a little getting used to - very similar to how the laser or IPL for hair removal feels though its not that intense . It has two settings , one is n't so intense so if you are sensitive , you can start off with that.The one downside is that in order to get the tip hot enough to zap those pimples , it needs to get that energy from somewhere - the 2 AA batteries . So it uses the batteries quicker than I hoped.I 've had acne all of my adult life and I do believe this thing works . If you get the pimple right when it forms , it makes it disappear fast . If you get it late , it speeds up its cycle and you get rid of it much faster . I just need to be a little more diligent about using it . : - -RRB-
 Yes , it works . Thermaclear has been so far the best thing for my face since Proactive . After using Thermaclear for 3 days , I already notice a difference in my face . Pimples that normally last a week -LRB- even with proactive -RRB- were gone in 2 days . I used Thermaclear 2-3 times a day . I recommend using Thermaclear after you clean your face . Yes , Yes , Yes , it does sting , but after a day , you get used to it . I find myself feeling and touching my face in an attempt to find a pimple so I can zap it!Thermaclear may not work for everyone but it worked for me !
 I ca n't believe how well this product works . If I use it consistently on new pimples forming , they never get bad . They all go away in one to three days , and it never develops into huge , painful acne like it use to . My son uses it every day also . His acne got out of control even with the use of two prescriptions . Now he rarely gets bad pimples , and usually it 's because he was slack with using the device . Sometimes it hurts , but it 's well worth it . It does n't leave red circles on my tough skin , but it does on my sons pale , sensitive skin - but they only last for about 10 minutes . I would recommend this product to anyone .
 I 've had this product for a few months and have used it repeatedly . It uses a split second of high heat to get rid of the pimple before it gets a chance to erupt , so like another user wrote , it 's best to get them when they first start . The little `` zap '' you get from it is alarming at first but you get used to it after the first or second time . When I see a blemish , I give it a couple of zaps a day and I 've either had the pimple completely go away or erupt much faster , hence speeding up the whole zit-red area-tell-tale spot on my face process .
 I got one of these as a gift before my wedding , and it really worked . I started getting a pimple for the rehearsal dinner on Friday , zapped it a few times , and it was imperceptible by the wedding on Sunday . Since then I 've learned it works best if you use it right when you start to feel a pimple coming on ... ThermaClear has actually stopped them from turning into a full-blown ... thing . It stops ME from popping them , too , which is gross , I know , but it 's true and it 's important ! I know this will work , so I zap before I pop . Now I would n't be without it .
 Works well , in just a few days . The `` zap '' does take a little getting used to , but no beauty without pain , right ? No drugs involved . just 2 AA batteries . I Stopped the tetracycline the dr had ordered and which was doing absolutely no good . Very happy with this product !
 Thermaclear did help my acne go away , it is easy to use , there is no need to recharge it , and batteries last a long time . The only drawback - thermaclear is painful to use around my mouth and eyes . But that 's subjective ...
 This is a pretty useful albeit expensive machine . If used right when you feel a pimple coming on it helps to heal it much much quicker than if you just let it go and put some benzoyl peroxide on it . It works especially well if you combine it with a good regimen.Customer service is also great with thermaclear . When mine stopped working 6 months in they paid they quickly paid for shipping of the defective unit back to them and shipped by UPS a brand new one for free , which really impressed me.It is a little painful , but its really worth it in the end for some peace of mind . Even though its not designed to be used for cystic acne , it does indeed help prevent it if the pimple is caught very early . However , I would recommend that severe cystic acne should still be treated by a licensced dermatologist . The real value is in treating those smaller pustules `` aka the small red bumps that hurt '' , which it does very well.I have used both zeno and this product and while Zeno DOES work better , this one has many advantages
 Got this for my dad for x-mas . He loved it ! Turns out he was planning a trip to AC soon , so it was perfect : -RRB-
 THis product is one of very few that actually increases the volume of my fine hair - plus the grapefuity smell is just great - Love It !!
 These are the glove I was looking for . It will help my hands out and get them soft again . I wear them to bed every night
 I admit , I do n't wear them every night like your suppose to , but when I do put lotion on and wear them , I really like them . They stay on well at night and seem to work great .
 They are just as advertised . They are nothing exceptional , but they do the job . I 'd buy them again . Good price .
 I 'm ashamed to admit I have a very bad habit of nibbling my fingernails when I drive sometimes , so got these to put on when I drive so that ca n't do it . They work great , and think I may have overcome my bad habit ... we 'll see .
 to use at night , after putting on lotion , does make my hands nice and moiste in the morning , however , one glove seems to always come off by the morning , but i till like them .
 I have a small hand but these work fine . I had someone with a larger hand try them on and they stretched to easily fit those hands too . The fingers feel tight but stretch a bit . I suppose they need to be tight to do the work . The wrist part is a bit loose but I imagine it would be uncomfortable to sleep with a tight wrist . These are very comfortable to sleep in and easy to take on and off . They machine wash and dry just fine . I 've only used them for a few days and already feel the difference on my poor dry hands .
 These were for my wife who has extremely cracked skin on her hands during the winter . When she remembers to put these on they improve her skin . She puts lotion on her hands and then puts these gloves on and the gloves help keep the hands moisturized throughout the nite . She has larger than average hands and the fit was good .
 I use the gloves to moisturize my hand overnight and I already see a difference . I live in the desert and these are a Godsend !
 Every winter I have dry , cracked cuticles that wind up bleeding . With the help of a very thick hand creme and these gloves , I finally have hands I can be proud of . My only criticism of these gloves is that if you are long fingered , they may not fit you . My hands are average sized and they just fit . They also are loose around the wrists , when I would prefer a bit of a tighter fit . Overall , good buy for the price .
 arrived very fast . Clean , neat packaging . gift for christmas , glad for fast arrival . Would recommend vendor.The gloves are great !!
 Spa Sister White Cotton Overnight Moisture GlovesI am in my 60 's with extremely rough hands . I am allergic to many of the moisturizers out there . In the winters , my hands will often reach the point of bleeding because of cracked skin and allergies to various hand soaps . I purchased these gloves with a great deal of skepticism . I used my usual hypo-allergenic hand cream and put on these gloves at bedtime . The next morning , my hands had lost much of the roughness and many of the cracks . I wore these at night for approximately 1 week with my hand creme and my hands look like `` people '' hands again , not like scratchy alligator skin . Soft hands once again ! I LOVE these gloves!Yes . There is no spandex in these gloves . How many of us are allergic to spandex ???? Me!Yes , the material is thin . It feels , as one reviewer stated , `` like a second skin . '' Therefore , very comfortable for sleeping . They did NOT slip off at night . So far , NO tearing of the fabric.When you first put them on , they seem huge and loose . Once the hand cream is applied , they fit nicely . I have large hands . If I had small hands , I would wash them in hot water for some shrinkage as cotton normally shrinks a little when exposed to hot water . Never-the-less , the hand cream should help to keep them on.As an added benefit , I also wear these when working at my computer . Keeps body oil off the keys and screen . I can easily pick things up with these on , such as coins , small items . Helps the old fingers grasp things . These are wonderful when using my Kindle to keep those prints off the dark screen!YES ! I highly recommend these gloves ! They are worth it !
 I purchased these gloves not for moisturizing my hands , but to protect them when I 'm driving or riding my bike in the sun . My main concern was that they would be heavy or clumsy , but they fit like a second skin , are lightweight , grip well , and are extremely comfortable . I wear them for hours at a time without noticing I have them on , so I imagine they would be easy to sleep in . They wash like a dream . Will definitely buy more .
 I was really ticked when the gloves arrived and the washing instructions were to `` wash in cold water and lay flat to dry '' . So , I washed a pair in hot water in the washing machine with towels , underwear etc. , and put them in the dryer , as I do with all that kind of clothes . The gloves came out fine , shrunk a little but they are stretch anyway and fit just fine . -LRB- And I do n't have small hands -RRB- . Peggy
 bought this product for my mom , who recently burn her hands . she needed protection from the weather . they work fine . will by again
 The product is exactly what they describe and it is working . My hands are looking better . I am very pleased with my purchase .
 I purchased these for my daughter . She said they work really well and she wears them every night and notices a difference in her hands , especially during dry winter months .
 I have Raynauds syndrome and I use these gloves to help keep my fingers covered . They make great glove liners . I dye them black or brown . These gloves are great while typing .
 I am very pleased with the quality of these cotton gloves . Even though I could have gotten less expensive ones , $ 5 seemed reasonable , and the fit was very good .
 Love it , love it , love it . The fact that they took this product off the store shelves several years ago had me worried that I 'd get a product that lost it 's potentcy . However , I have purchased many bottles from many different sellers and have never been disappointed . I will continue to buy as long as I can ... and keep hope alive that they bring it back to stores someday .
 I got this lotion last year for Christmas from my husband . I took it into the office and use it there daily . Everytime I use it I get comments from co-workers who love the smell . I like the lotion and I like the smell as well . If you like citrus scents you will like this .
 The lotion is fine . I like the smell of another brand better - but probably just personal preference . This one does n't have quite a strong citrusy smell to it , and a little more sweet smell .
 When you consider the price of one spa visit , this cream is very affordable . Each time you use this product , you really only need a tiny amount to do an amazing job . The texture of this product is slightly finer than a regular exfoliating gel/cream . The results are dramatic . I have yet to see any other product remove dead skin cells quite so effectively in one application . To say the least , I was very impressed with this products performance.Ingredients
 I started using Glowtion years ago when it was sold in J.C. Penney . They stopped selling it and I tracked it down on the internet . Thank goodness because it is far and above any other tinted moisturizer on the market today.It brightens my skin and gives it the moisture that I need because at my age -LRB- 65 -RRB- , I need all the help I can get.Truly , this product is remarkable and I now have a girlfriend who is 67 years old and she loves it just as much as I do.Thank you for this product.Pam Boyden
 Glowtion is a product that puts a glow to my pale aging 60 something face ! I enjoy the product and the fact that I can purchase it through Amazon .
 I had a smooth and easy tranaction with this seller . My merchandise arrived earlier than expected and in excellent condition . I definietly would do business with this seller again .
 I really like this product . It may sound strange , but it makes washing my face a very enjoyable experience . The cleanser is soft , if that makes sense , and feels really nice on my skin . It has a slightly abrasive texture - like very fine sand , that works to exfoliate and smooth out my skin . It does n't leave any residue that I 've noticed . I would agree that my skin is brighter after having used is product . It smells nice , too . Neutrogena makes great products . Highly recommended .
 First time purchasing Davidoff perfumes.Guess what ? I am a client from now on.Great aroma and well , wife loves it .
 Even thought I am kind of pale I have to say I love how this color looks on me.In my opinion it is not super shimmery which I like .
 Here 's good news for the guys from Bullie , a skin care line offering cleansers , moisturizers , post-shave toners , and scrubs . A botanically based line geared to help men look their best , Bullie offers products for three skin types
 Specifically formulated for fine hair , this conditioner is weightless . Thank goodness ! It adds shine and body to hair that needs it.The shine is due in large part to a unique gel/cream base that conditions as it hydrates , and rinses squeaky clean.The scent is a refreshing citrus zest , and the formula holds body building proteins . For a real boost pair this with Full Volume Shampoo.This is one conditioner that makes the maximum out of mini hair .
 I have thick but fine hair that I do n't like to blow dry because I get split ends so easily . I 've been using Fekkai products consistently for a couple of years but just started using this conditioner about a week ago and it 's easily become my favorite.I did n't even put any product in it after washing my hair this morning and it looks better than it did before when I was using product and blow drying it , and that 's just being air dried ! I also like the way it smells , very citrus-y and just like salon conditioner .
 Hello , I discovered Fekkai product while staying at the Ritz Carlton in New York City , where my husband proposed to me ... : -RRB- It 's been nine years and I 've been using Frederic Fekkai products ever since . I love all the Fekkai shampoos and conditioners , but some I like more than others . Fekkai full volume conditioner is one of my favorites and I just love it . I have not seen it on the market lately and I think it might have been discontinued . I found it here at Amazon and I 'm so happy . There is another newer version , Fekkai full blown volume , but I do n't like it as much . I LOVE the sent of this one and I think it is a great conditioner . I would definitely recommended it and I 'm thinking about getting some extra bottles . Frederic Fekkai hair products are higher end product and they work great ! Thanks .
 Love it and love the smell ! Worth the price !! Will definitely buy it again when I need to do so .
 Really great for volume , but the smell resembles a mans cologne . Your hair will feel softer for sure . I switched to the luscious curls version , which also gives body and smells like passion fruit .
 Glamorous celebrity hair styles.Yes , It works great!Because you 're worth it.It can brighten up your day , feel & look exceptionally good that day . ... . so it 's nice to get complimented a lot of the time on still looking nice.I recommend use this product with Frederic Fekkai Advanced Full Blown Volume Shampoo & Conditioner . All-Day Hair Plump .
 I am hooked on Fekkai products . My hair feels great using them . This conditioner is terrific . It rinses so nice . My hair behaves better using these products .
 When I go get my hair done , even the hair dressers love the feel of my hair . They ask me what I use and I tell them , and they are surprised . They love the feel of my hair .
 About a year ago I received a free sample from Fekkai sponsored by Target . I tried the product and was amazed at the results . Target only carried the 4oz size and most times were out of stock . Buying this item through Amazon has both been economical and convenient .
 overall very good product , the shampoo that matches this conditioner is also excellent , not sure if it creates volume
 Specifically formulated for fine hair , this conditioner is weightless . Thank goodness ! It adds shine and body to hair that needs it.The shine is due in large part to a unique gel/cream base that conditions as it hydrates , and rinses squeaky clean.The scent is a refreshing citrus zest , and the formula holds body building proteins . For a real boost pair this with Full Volume Shampoo.This is one conditioner that makes the maximum out of mini hair . - Gail Cooke
 Specifically formulated for fine hair , this conditioner is weightless . Thank goodness ! It adds shine and body to hair that needs it.The shine is due in large part to a unique gel/cream base that conditions as it hydrates , and rinses squeaky clean.The scent is a refreshing citrus zest , and the formula holds body building proteins . For a real boost pair this with Full Volume Shampoo.This is one conditioner that makes the maximum out of mini hair .
 I USED IT ON THE FACE . THEN ON THE SCALP . NOW I FEEL MUCH CLEANER WITH BETTER LOOKING SKIN . IT IS THE BEST TREATMENT FOR ACNE TOO . AFTER THE FIRST JAR , MY FACE IS LOOKING WHITER AND MORE ZIT FREE .
 I live in a very dry climate , so as I age , a good moisturizer is a must ! Bobbi Brown Extra Moisturizing Balm is amazing ... it hydrates and leaves your face feeling fresh and revived . Do n't let the word ` balm ' throw you off ... this product is rich , creamy and smooth.It 's expensive , but definitely worth it .
 This product does everything it 's advertised to do . My skin has n't looked better in years ... and I 'm 62 y.o. . After using it for several months , my skin looks fresher and smoother , and all the fine lines have been minimized . It 's terrific ! I also useNeutrogena Advanced Solutions Skin Transforming Complex Nightly Renewal Cream , Age Reversing Formula , 1.4 oz
 Neutrogena 's Advanced Solutions daily moisturizer works great for me ! It is the best moisturizer I have used . It gives my skin a beautiful glow and feels great too . I have n't been able to find it at the drug store lately , so I 'm very happy to have found it on Amazon ! -LRB- I would n't describe the smell as strong or bad at all , as mentioned by the previous reviewer . -RRB-
 I bought this set for my boyfriend who absolutely `` hates '' shopping at the mall & you never can tell the way it will smell on someone until they actually have it on . Well , we found out that Polo Blue is definitely the one for him !! The seller is also awesome & the set arrived within a few days & I was e-mailed a few times with tracking information . The only downside is they are not spray bottles , but at this low price , I was n't expecting them to be . GREAT BUY : -RRB-
 Dove 's green , nourishing hand wash is the best all-weather hand wash we have ever tried . It is a bit more expensive , but well worth it . You will not be disappointed .
 Holds well , except in hot situations . If you work in an environment where you sweat a lot -LRB- food industry , Wall St , athlete -RRB- , it does n't hold up well.You will start dripping green sweat from your head . So that covers going swimming as well . DO N'T DO IT , unless you want to embarrass yourself .
 this is a must if you plan to use the Toppik powder . It really helps it bond to your hair better . I suggest to spray it on immediately after you apply it directly on the location rather than as a general hair spray .
 I got the spray with the toppik fibers . Definitely do not overspray , because then the fibers will clump and you 'll have to start over . Just a few squirts seems to do the trick . This spray will not prevent the fibers from washing out , if you shower , even if you do n't rub or use shampoo . The fibers are not really recommended for sports , but simply for show when you 're going to work , school or other activities , where you do n't sweat a lot , or get wet .
 GREAT PRODUCT . I USE THIS WITH THE TOPPIK . HELP KEEP FIBER HELD IN PLACE . AMAZED AT HOW WELL TOPPIK HAS WORKED FOR ME .
 A very good product - excellent hold yet leaves the hair soft and easy to manage .
 This product is great for the fiber fill in for hair , I would recommend this to all people wanting something to hold your hair in place . RDG
 I got these for my friend . He uses it to help the hair fibers stay in place . He plays soccer even two ones a day and it stays in place . It 's very affordable . Before this he was using the brand the got from the hair club EXT I believe . We could n't find any in sell here but we 've been using the fibers and now the holding spray from toppik and he really likes it .
 after appling toppik product i use toppik fiberhold spray its holds really good thansks alot good product will buy again
 My wife loves this product . Therefore , I love this product . Also , received promptly . Will definitely buy again . Good product.THX JG
 This was shipped fast and really a product I didnt want to purchase but , glad I did-it really works ! thanks !
 Love it great product ... it gives just the right amount of hold u want . . doesnt make hair stiff . . it holds the fiber really well . Just make sure not to mess up ur hair after the application .
 Toppik Hairspray is a nice product to use with Toppik Fibers . It helps hold them in place . I only use it on areas that have had Toppik allplied .
 I used this before , it has good effect on holding the special Toppik made hair fiber . The only thing is it 's like selling medicines at pharmacy store , moderately high price at above $ 30 for just a small bottle of spray . Would be a good thing if this can be sold as ordinary merchant products on the shelf of many supermarkets so price can be more competitive .
 I recieved my package in a very short space of time . Fast arrival and just as it was advertised . Great
 I 've been using this for years and when they stoppedCarrying it in stores I was devistated . So I 'm happyTo have found it again.I do n't have natural hairI just use if as a regular moisturizerIt smells amazing and it gives great shineI also use it on my 1 year old for his curly hair .
 This oil is very concentrated so you do n't need to spray it in your hair everyday . The smell is nice and not overbearing . Love it very much ... will order more when needed . Perfect for locks and twists .
 Q-tips are one of those things in life that you take for granted . I know that I did until the other day . I was at my mom 's house and she let me use some of her horrible off brand swabs.Q-tips are soft , flexible and have plenty of cotton all around and on the ends where it counts the most . They are comfortable and work well . There is no other brand that is a suitable substitute .
 This is a truly amazing deal from Amazon , where I also received Free Priority Mail Shipping . The photo does not display all that you will get . You will receive 6 boxes of Q-Tips Cotton Swabs , totaling an ammazing 3,500 Q-Tips in all . I WILL NEVER EVER HAVE TO PURCHASE ANOTHER Q-TIP AS LONG AS I LIVE !!!!! WHAT A FANTASTIC DEAL FROM AMAZON !!
 If you want soft skin , try exfoliating with one of these ! I feel an immediate difference after using this .
 I purchased this perfume for many years and then was unable to find it . So glad I was able to locate a way to purchase it online . Thanks for making it available !
 I get so many of these whenever I wear Murmure . Compliments , and comments on how unique it is . The lovely fresh , light floral aroma lasts for many hours too . I work in the service industry & this fragrance is n't too overpowering for use at work . I 've been wearing this for years , and hope to for many many more !
 I like the perfume . Its not too loud yet keeps a fresh smell throughout the day .
 I ordered 2 jars of the product in the Tiffany blue jar as shown in the photo . I received 2 jars of the Elizabeth Arden Perpetual Moisture Creme Hydratante Continue in white jars . The product received has a scent ; the product received is not what I ordered and not what was advertised as shown in the photo with the blue jar . The product is fine for my dry skin BUT in the future , I would prefer the original product as requested , the one in the blue jar . I did n't want to go thru the hassle of returning the 2 white jars .
 I like the product . does not leave my face greasy like other products . It 's very hard to find in stores in fact I could n't find it . I 'm 63 and fortunately I do n't have wrinkles -LRB- genetics -RRB- but I could tell the texture of my skin was changing . So far I 'm very pleased with the product . Unfortunately I 'm still trying to finish up another brand I had tried so have n't used it except the first week . I could tell my skin was softer and pores smaller .
 I grabbed this cream in a hurry , and now i am pleasantly surprised with the results . It 's been a few days that i apply it on my face and neck before going to bed , and i see a big difference in my skin . I am in place where it 's cold and dry , so my skin is constantly begging for some moisture , and this cream is perfect for that . It does n't make me feel oily , but moisturized . The texture is thick and creamy , the scent is n't roses but not too bad . When i go to bed , i just want to touch my face again and again as the skin is so smooth and tender . I wake up with my skin still tender , and it actually made my skin tone more even for just 2 nights of applying.What i want from a cream , is results , and this one is definitely giving me amazing results . Worth every penny .
 I LOVE THIS PRODUCT !!! IT WORKS ! I AM 50 -LRB- DRY SKIN TYPE -RRB- , AND I WAS USING MORE EXPENSIVE -LRB- ESTEE LAUDER ADVANCED NIGHT REPAIR -RRB- , WHICH ONE IS THE BEST PRODUCT ON A MARKET NOW , I AGREE , BUT THIS I LIKE MORE AND BIG PLUS-PRICE . I TRY THIS FIRST TIME IN MY FRIEND HOUSE ; I HAD TO STAY OVER NIGHT FOR NEW YEAR PARTY . JUST DO N'T USE SMALL AMOUNT OF THIS CREAM.AND TRY DAY WHIPPED CREAM FROM Neutrogena TOO.DONT FORGET I HAVE A DRY SKIN .
 I was taught to purchase French milled soap because it is hard or triple milled and lasts much longer than other soaps . Of all the lovely , and expensive , soaps I 've used over the past half-century , I keep coming back to Roger & Gallet 's . Not only are they long lasting , but also , they hold their full scent down to the last little sliver . My favorites are Fougere -LRB- fern -RRB- and Bois de Sandal -LRB- Sandalwood -RRB- , wonderful , `` earthy '' scents , but the florals are nice , too .
 Roget & Gallet soap is wonderful . The scents are not very strong . You do n't walk out of the shower smelling like perfume , but the soaps leave your skin very soft and pliable . They seem to last longer than American soaps . They make a great gift . I have not used harsh American soaps in years .
 This is one of the brightest `` permanent '' -LRB- no red is _ ever _ permanent -RRB- reds I 've used . Color is similar to a semi-perm -LRB- eg ; Punky Colors , Manic Panic -RRB- in brightness , but achieved in a single process -LRB- no pre-bleach needed -RRB- . Note
 This product is awesome . I had looked for quite some time to find a this shade of purple in a PERMANENT hair color . It was usually a violet black that came out reddish in my dark hair . Easy to mix and covered great .
 it worked without having to bleach my hair , my hair is black but i wanted it to look almost black.so i would bleach it to get this color
 I have loved this men 's fragrance even before the name changed years ago from L'Homme to L'eau du Gouverneur - which is much harder to remember !! Maybe it is the reason I am still with my husband after 20 years !
 Found this brand in a store located in downtown Chicago.Awesome scent -LRB- not too strong and just enough -RRB- . The size I purchased at Amazon can be taken through Airports in carry on luggage .
 I bought this for my boyfriend at his request . This cent is sexy and drives me crazy when he wears it , so giving it to him was a win win for me . The deal was great , too . He has bought this cent for much more than what it goes for on Amazon . They sell this on other websites , but sometimes they tamper with the bottle . Not on Amazon ! It is the real thing .
 Local stores here do n't have this Zegna in stock , I was very excited to find it and at an excellent price .
 This was my first fragrance purchase online . I was pleased with the exceptional value which was much lower than the local department stores and the efficiency in delivery . I would definitely order from this supplier again .
 It is good by not my favorite . It does last but not for the whole day .
 Crisp , clean scent , and a little on the stronger side . It reminds me of the scent of shaving cream , which is n't a bad thing.I worry that it slightly irritates my nose/eyes though , right after I put it on . I think my body has adapted , but new users might go through something similar .
 Great masculine cologne . Not to strong a scent but will linger all day even after u think its gone -LRB- people would comment on it when i could n't smell it on myself -RRB- I spray it on almost everyday cuz it is that good . Have yet to get tired of it . I found it by accident almost when i went to the mall and was just sampling different smells to pass the time . When I came across this one , I was blown away . Literally both guys and girls regularly compliment and ask me what I 'm wearing . And my girlfriend esp . loves it . She compliments me every time . Next time you go to the mall look/ask for this and tell me I 'm not right . Also , did n't have any irritants mentioned from the previous reviewer . Perfectly satisfied with this product . In fact , I bought the gift set that came along . I 've had this cologne for 1 + year .
 This product goes for almost twice its value retail . I was out shopping for a friend and he wanted cologne for Christmas but I did n't want to spend $ 75 on it . Did I mention it smells amazing?It came to my door in less than four days ! I can not wait to give it to him.I will most assuredly use Amazon for all of my online holiday purchases !
 My husband has been buying Zegna for a few years always at Macy 's and recently they stopped selling it . So the only place we could find it is here . Our experience with the seller was great . Fast shipping and true legit product . We will be buying from them again .
 Makes you smell like a grown gentleman without making you smell like an old man . Love this scent - sad it 's so hard to find these days .
 Women love this fragrance , it is subtle and masculine , I always get compliments wearing Zegna and have used it for more than five years . Worth the price .
 I have used this product for several years . It is difficult to find in stores now.I always get positive comments from women . They want to know the nameso they can buy it for their husbands .
 What can I say , I like the cool scent and low projection -LRB- I hate excessive perfume yuck -RRB- . Also , bonus big tube of after shave ; came in a sweet box too , I 'm sure the box is worth $ 10 alone haha .
 very nice scent . Bought it for my husband b/c 2 other ppl I have smelled it on was awesome . It came quicker than promised -LRB- estimated -RRB- . I hope he likes it as much as I do .
 My husband loves his cologne . I bought it as a gift and found the price to be very good for the amount and name . I was also surprised that the bottle has a coolie type cover which adds to the `` Style '' . Very cool gift for your favorite guy at a great price . The scent is mmmmmmm um !!
 This is a very good product for cleaning the eye area . I like the non-oily pads -- there 's no irritation and it does a very thorough job of removing eye make-up . Most products I find at the stores are either ineffective , or they are twice as expensive as these eye pads . I 'll order them again !
 I already used it for one week . I do n't know if it works to stretch mark , maybe I can tell you this after several months , but it really smell good and easy to use .
 I bought this based mainly on the reviews and the price . I must say that I do see a difference in my stretch marks though . Nothing dramatic . They havent dissapeared over night but they have definitely faded . Ive only been using it once a day for about a month so Im sure if I used it twice a day or more , I would see better results but Im still happy with the difference I see and I will be buying another bottle .
 I am almost to 40 weeks and do n't have stretch marks yet ! This cream is just amazing and I really believe that it has worked wonders for me . I was pregnant all through the HOT summer and so some of the more oil based/greasy belly butter creams made me feel hotter than I already was . I also struggled a lot with itching as my skin kept growing to accommodate this baby . The cream is anti-itch -LRB- and actually works this way ! -RRB- plus the cream itself is cooling and feels wonderful on skin . I will say that I followed some of the other reviews and made sure to use this cream both morning and night . I really could tell the difference if I skipped either for whatever reason . Consistency IS key and here I am almost at the very end and I think it was worth it . The cream is expensive and barely lasts me a month , but I feel like it 's a worthwhile investment to be comfortable , know I 'm using a natural and high quality product on my skin , and it 's WAY cheaper than lasering off stretch marks later ! I would highly recommend this cream to anyone and plan to purchase it for a couple of my girlfriends who just have found out they are pregnant .
 I used this for my first pregnancy and did n't get ANY stretch marks . So now on # 2 , it 's good to find its still around !
 This product not only fades stretch mark , it also works as a prevention cream . No stretch marks during my second pregnancy . I wished I had found this product during my first pregnancy.What i love about this product is that it 's not oily and it has no aromas , great for folks with morning sickness .
 Product works great . As long as you are keeping up with putting it on daily . Leaves your skin feeling super soft . And the smell is really nice . Not too strong . Its really thick lotion , and I would recommend getting 2 bottles even .
 this lotion works . I have been using it for 4.5 months now . My baby is 4m 3wks old . I had very bad stretch marks from this second pregnancy . After using this , it started to fade after 3 weeks . I used Clarins for my first one , and it 's not until months to see some improvements . So this lotions works better for me . I do n't think my stretch marks will be completely gone , but it now looks more and more like other skin tone . Unless I really pay a lot of attention to it , my tummy looks fab . :-RRB- oh and it smells good and light , it 's not greasy at all . Love it !
 I have n't had any children and I have not gained weight recently . I have always been tall and I have had stretch marks since puberty -LRB- I 'm 27 now -RRB- on my lower back , bottom , and thighs . I apply the cream after each shower , daily . I have had the product since July 19 , 2012 and I have seen results . The tube is small , so you should by more than one . It smells nice , it does n't make your clothes cling to you , and it does n't rub off onto clothing . I would highly recommend this product to anyone .
 Received this product quickly . Read on webMD that this was a good stretch mark cream . I have stretch marks on my belly after having my first son . I did not get big during my pregnancy but my mother has the same stretch marks so I blame genetics . I started using this cream and I have found my red looking stretch marks to have faded . They are n't quite faded completely but I 've only been using the cream for about one week . It smells nice too . I suggest ordering two bottles because it 's a small container .
 I really like this cream , it has a great texture and is n't greasy . Have only been using for a few weeks now so dont notice any difference yet . The only thing I dont like about it is the SCENT ! The ingredients on the back say `` fragrance , '' sketch . Rose oil is listed before fragrance ... why do they need to add fragrance if it already has rose oil ? This stuff musta stank when they made it and they were like `` Oh crap , we got ta add some perfume to cover this up . '' And it smells like the knockoff cheap perfume they sell at the dollar store . Gosh , hope they make some kind of improvement in this area , if so I 'd buy again !
 i am in my second trimester and i am using this product . Will let you guys knwo if this really works . Can not confirm any thing now.Thanks for reading .
 I am about 81/2 months pregnant and love this product . The smell and texture are great ! I only have a few little stretch marks so far .
 Let me start by saying , I 'm not a girl that enjoys getting ready in the morning & I dread getting ready for bed each night . I wash my face so I do n't get acne & I brush & floss my teeth so I do n't get cavities . Needless to say , I am NOT a body lotion person . Usually , I only apply lotion if my skin is super dry & / or itchy ... I also apply lotion to my tummy while I 'm pregnant . With my first pregnancy , I used Palmer 's Cocoa Butter twice daily & I ended up with a few stretch marks on each side of my belly . I detest how Palmer 's smells & how it feels sticky on my skin ... I have only used it consistently because I did n't want to end up with more stretch marks . I 'm now in my 8th month of my 2nd pregnancy -LRB- from what I can tell , no new stretch marks ! -RRB- & I just discovered the Bella B line . I was hesitant to pay $ 20 for a small tube of cream but now that I 've used it , I do n't regret it at all . In fact , I ca n't wait to order more from Bella B ! This cream smells HEAVENLY & feels like SILK on my skin . I actually look forward to putting this cream on in the morning & evening ... I have even applied a little a couple of times throughout the day to the existing stretch marks just so I can smell/feel it again ! I hope it fades the little stretch marks I do have , but in my opinion any fading would only be a bonus ... After all , I 'm not expecting a miracle from a little tube of $ 20 cream ! I definitely recommend this product : -RRB- Also , this has nothing to do with the actual product , but with the seller , Tomo Buys . Shipping was SUPER fast -LRB- & at only $ .99 SUPER cheap ! -RRB- ... The package was in my mailbox 2 , maybe 3 , days after placing my order . It got to me so quickly , I was actually confused as to what could possibly be in the package because I was n't expecting it so soon.PS - I will do my best to remember to come back in a few months & update my review with any notable improvement of my stretch marks!UPDATE - After only a couple of weeks of using this product , my husband & I can already see a difference . For my husband to notice , it MUST be working because he barely notices when I change my hair ! One of the marks in particular was darker than the others & it has faded so much ... So have all the other lighter ones . At this rate , they 'll be gone in a couple of months ! This product is WELL WORTH the money !
 I did n't start seeing stretch marks until month 8 of my pregnancy . I knew of the Bella B products and decided to give it a try . The stretch marks I had started to fade after a few days and my stomach did n't itch nearly as much . I used the Bella B Tummy Honey Butter twice a day . I was n't thrilled about the price so when I ran out of the Bella B cream I switched to a generic cocoa butter cream that I could buy locally . I tried it for a few weeks and my stretch marks are back and worse than ever . I 'm back to using Bella B. I am willing to pay a little more for a product I know will work .
 I started using this cream at about 6 months in my pregnancy so I 've been using it for a couple months now . I have not gotten any stretch marks on my stomach , but I did get some on my breasts . I was skeptical at first , but I started to notice the stretch marks on my breasts fade , and the redness from the skin stretching also went away . I am also using this cream on some older stretch marks on my upper thighs and I 've noticed them start to fade , too . I wish I had started using this cream sooner in my pregnancy . I first tried the Palmer 's Organics cream and it gave me a huge rash all over . I have sensitive skin to start with , so the Bella B cream has been really soothing . It also has a mild pleasant scent . I found the 4 oz to go really quickly if you are using it twice a day every day , but after ordering my first one , I went back to order 3 more .
 This is a great moisturizer . I was using this on stretch marks that had already faded to a white shade . They seemed to clear up a bit more but not to noticably . Even though it did n't really do what I wanted it to do it did work as a fantastic moisturizer and it helped with itchy tummy .
 I got the honey butter by Bella B before I bought this and even though this product worked fine for me , I wish I would have bought the honey butter again . This just did n't do as great of a job as the honey butter .
 I have only been using this product for a few weeks but I have already noticed a difference in my skin .
 Although this lotion is quite a bit more than I 'd typically spend , it was a lifesaver especially during the times my belly was the most itchy . The typical drug store brands were either too watery and did n't help with the itchiness or they were so thick that they made my skin feel sticky . But the Tummy Honey Cream was a perfect balance .
 Oh , I love this item ! I managed to get through my first pregnancy without any stretch marks . I 'm now on my second pregnancy and was trying other store bought products , but NOTHING compares to this . The anti-itch ingredients make a huge difference . I used to pay $ 25 locally , but now I 'm so happy that I found it at this amazing price !
 Nice cream . I 'm now almost 5 months and 3 weeks pregnant . I 've used it for over 1 month . No stretch marks appears , but I have no idea about this , maybe I have n't been long far in pregnancy . I 'm waiting for the result . Only I can say is that it moisturized my belly and I felt so comfortable.Oops ! I forgot this
 Hey guys ! Do you use this right after shower or can it be used anytime of the day ? I just got it and so excited to use it ! I 'll be back to tell you guys about my experience in a few weeks !
 I picked up samples of this product at the doctor 's office and tried it on my face . Figured if it would eliminate stretch marks , it might help wrinkles . It 's not Retin-A , but it 's great stuff !
 All the reviews are pretty accurate ! thank you fellow shoppers ! My sister loves it so far . She says it does n't make her skin feel greasy or stick to her clothes like other lotions tend to do & it is scented but not too highly scented and overbearing . It is a high price but a decent sized bottle & considering you wo n't be using it all the time , it is a very good buy . Shipping was incredible as well as customer service . -LRB- Sold by
 Within a week of using this product I already see results . I was hesitant about spending a little more than typical for something like this but honestly it is definitely worth it . I place it everywhere on my body and it is showing great results . Im 20 , never pregnant , but have some stretch marks -LRB- inner thighs , arms , and hips -RRB- from old weight issues and this is great . Simply a magic product . But the bottle isnt too big so i suggest ordering 2 in advance : -RRB-
 Arrived in good time and was quality . Got it as a gift for my sister for Christmas and I was very pleased with the product .
 At first I was a little skeptical ; I went through an entire tube without really seeing an improvement , but I 'd only been using it a month , so I gave them the benefit of the doubt and bought another one . Now I 'm seeing BIG improvements , like I might actually break out the bikinis again next summer ! Excellent product !
 It does what it tells on the package
 I bought this for my wife after she read some recommendations on baby forums . We 're expecting our first child and this product is working great . She 's nearly 8 months pregnant and no signs of stretch marks at all . She gets itchy as the baby grows and just needs to reapply some of this cream and it calms her itching almost right away . When I touch her belly I can definitely tell it 's moisturized and her skin feels great , soft and smooth , not greasy at all . Best of all , this product has a very pleasant odor . Unlike many moisturizers that are heavy in perfumes or do n't contain any perfumes and smell plastic-like , this cream has a nice soft pleasant scent that we both enjoy.Highly recommend this for expecting mothers .
 I have been using this lotion on a daily basis to prevent stretch marks . I really love the honey smell and do n't think that it stinks or is offensive . The cream is very thick and you have to really rub it in so your clothes do n't stick to you . The only downside is that it does n't come in a bigger container !
 Love this tummy cream ! I am on my third bottle :-RRB- Love that there are no parabens . Leaves my belly feeling very soft and moisturized especially if I use it twice a day . Have no idea if it prevents stretch marks . I am just starting my third trimester so I am sure that the stretch marks are looming ahead , but so far so good . Been using it since the first trimester . *** Forgot to mention -- I have not had any itchy belly skin ! Not sure if it 's because the lotion is keeping me moisturized or because I just have n't had an itchy belly yet . I have even used it on my terribly itchy pregnancy boobs . Not sure if it 's supposed to be used for that , but it definitely helps soothe the itching !
 I had very dark & shiny `` tiger stripes '' all over my hips , butt and stomach . I first ordered this product two or three months after I had my baby -LRB- I think -RRB- . I was afraid at first because when I googled the reviews of women who said it worked and well ... they were n't women of color , but for the cheap price I figured it was worth a try and if it did n't work then , oh well , I can use it as moisturizer However It worked wonderfully ; I kept up with my progress by posting pictures on my blog . In my opinion the ONLY con is that the tube does n't last that long so my suggestion would be buy two at a time .
 This product is amazing . After using it for just a few days my stretch marks had completely faded . I used it during my entire pregnancy and even after , it was the only thing that would soothe my dehydrated skin . You make a lot of sacrifices -LRB- sleep ! relaxing showers ! alone time ! -RRB- as a mom , but beautiful skin is not one of them .
 I 'm generally not a lotion person - it just seems like too much work . In my second pregnancy I 've had some really itchy skin on my belly and hips and my mother bought this for me to try . It has eliminated my itchy skin -LRB- though it returns the next day if I do n't use the lotion -RRB- . My stretch marks seem to be lighter , but I suppose that 's probably due to the fact that they 're more moisturized than usual.The scent is pleasant and the texture is wonderful . It 's not greasy or overwhelming in any way , but it is nice and thick . I 'm someone who struggles with the decision to buy a $ 4 bottle of Curel , but I 'll absolutely pay $ 13 for a tube of this .
 I love this cream and have used it for both of my pregnancies . I found the best price here on Amazon . I paid double locally so it is well worth it on here . The cream is great . It does n't have a strong smell which is great when you are pregnanct . . plus it does n't leave your skin oily . This would be a great gift for someone who is pregnant .
 I was given a sample of this product from my local hospital 's woman 's services department . I really liked the smell and texture of the lotion . I had searched all over town to find it in the stores . Nobody carried it in my little city ! I decided to order it from Amazon . It took about a week for the lotion to arrive . It was smaller a amount then I 'd expected . The directions on the back say to use the lotion twice a day , so I did . I saw improvements to my skin and growth marks within a couple days . I wish it was n't so pricey or I 'd continue to use it . If I were to purchase this again , I 'd buy a few bottles at the same time . I 'd highly recommend this product to anyone !
 This belly cream is great ! I started using it when I was 8 months pregnant and noticed stretch marks . I can definitely notice the difference . It is helping to make my stretch marks not as red and it is smoothing them out . This is also wonderful for the horrible itching that I get over my whole belly ! I am really picky about lotions with the smell and I ca n't STAND lotions that are too greasy or sticky . This stuff is nice , the smell is wonderful and it leaves my skin soft , not sticky . It is really thick but it smoothes on easy . I gave it four stars because I wish it was n't so much $ $ and the tube is small . One tube lasted me a month , using it twice a day . It is definitely worth the money though !
 I bought this cream to help with my itchy skin . It does n't work as well as the tummy butter , but it is nice . The only thing that bugs me is the price . It is pretty darn expensive for 4 oz of product.The smell is light and not overpowering for sensitive noses .
 I started this product about two weeks ago . I use it on my old marks due to rapid weight loss . The product smells great and it seem to be working . My marks looks as if there becoming lighter . It 's still to early to tell . I just purchased my second tube . The only issue I have so far is the price . I hope this helps .
 Of course sex has nothing to do with scar fading , but just so the guys know , I 'd like to say that this cream is n't all `` foofoo '' with girly flower scents and whatnot . It 's a rather neutral scent , so no man should deny using this product if they need it.I use it on my upper arms to fade some light stretch marks caused by weight lifting in the past , and now that I 'm back into lifting again it seems to be doing a perfect job at preventing new marks from appearing . These stretch marks were old and small so they could barely be seen , and they could be felt just fine . After using this cream just once a day for a couple of months they 've vanished from sight and I now have a hard time finding them even by touch , so I know it works on light scars . For fading light stretch marks this cream is the most effective in cost and performance that I 've used . Even if I were only interested in prevention as opposed to fading then I would probably still only use this product . I do n't think a store brand shae/cocoa butter or something would perform nearly this well and I simply would n't risk that.For my severe stretch marks from when I lost half my body weight due to pneumonia , however , I use and recommend Mederma . Something tells me this cream would n't compare in the slightest bit when it comes to doing some hardcore performance .
 I 'm not pregnant , but I am a teenager with stretch marks all over my legs from puberty/genes . I bought this a few months ago and applied it once , sometimes twice a day for more than a month and it worked ! After a few weeks of application my red stretch marks started to fade until they eventually turned closer and closer to my skin color and the marks faded.Consistency and using the cream twice a day really does help although the bottle is so small , it does n't last very long when used very often . If it was bigger it would be wonderful , because $ 15 is n't all that cheap .
 My fiancee bought this for me as a Christmas gift but gave it to me early when I started complaining about an itchy tummy . It worked fabulously . I also have the stretch mark butter but found this one to be better absorbed and more helpful when itching is the issue .
 I have two areas that have stretch marks . I have been using bella b tummy honey for about 3 weeks . My stretch marks on my chest do not have the shiny look any more . The only way you can see them is if your up close , however , my stomach looks as it did before I started using this product . I will continue to use it because I 'm sure it takes longer than 3 weeks to see any results on such a big area . I am still using my first bottle so it does last a while . I would recommend this product based on my experience with it thus far .
 i have been putting it on since the day i got it i think its the second week and i see improvements ! definetely consistency works ... only thing i dnt like at all is the price the bottle is half ways full when its sealed ! . Sucks and rip off . . Great product tho .
 This is great stuff . I have only been using it for a few days and see a huge difference . I love the Bella B Nipple Nurture too !
 Im 32 wks pregnant . First baby and when I found out I was preggo I used stretch mark creams . I already had a few from when I was younger . They faded into the light white color . Well around 5 months as my belly grew I started noticing those same marks running up higher like panty hose . I 've used Palmers Cocoa Butter for Stretch Mark Lotion , Bio Oil -LRB- Did n't work for me ! -RRB- Generic Brand Stretch Mark Cream , and the last purchase was Burt 's Bees Belly Balm . Ive probably spent close to $ 100 dollars and the stretch marks kept coming . Im not covered in them but basically my lower abdomen area is . :-LRB- I dont scratch but even with the higher priced products I used Id still itch bad . Some of them were defin very greasy ! I read about Bella B Tummy Cream and thought what the heck . I wont quit till I find one that works for me . I ordered it last Friday , arrived 4 days later . I like the smell , not strong at all . It thick cream , so its not too watery like some lotions ive used . And it defin . is n't greasy !! It also has helped with the itching . I dont itch anymore when it is on . It says to put it on 2x 's a day but im doing 3x 's . Ive only used if for 2 days so I cant say its faded any marks yet but I will write again in a few wks to let you know ! I have some marks that are DARK purple and those are the ones I really want to fade out . We will see . So far so good !!!
 I love this stuff . I am about 7.5 months preggo and use it in the morning and at night and -LRB- knock on wood -RRB- no marks so far . I have n't had a problem with itching either . I have been using since about 8 weeks . Early on , the cream lasted for about 3 months . As my stomach has expanded to watermelon status , I 'm getting about 1 - 1.5 months out of a tube . I 've gone through about 4 , am about to finish my 5th and just ordered a 6th one that will hopefully last for the final few months . In addition to my tummy , I 've also started putting it on my sides/lower waist and bum .
 I am pregnant for 4 month now . Before I purchased this cream I seriously studied all kinds of creams and their review . Since this is my second baby , I have some leftover strech mark on my tummy before I got pregnant . I started using this product since my 2 mon in pregnancy . So far , I do n't see the new mark coming out however the old mark is still there . Though all kinds of books I also learn that the strech mark will appear when it is time , and once it shows up it will not disappear . No cream can completely remove it . That is nature . However as a tummy cream , this one does its job very well . It smells wonderful , and moisturizes my dry skin and prevents itchness . If you do n't mind paying a little more , this is a good choice .
 I started using this product when I was pregnant and did notice the stretch marks I have , have gotten light and my skin is smooth I love the smell of this cream it is very clean light and does not leave your skin oily.But you will have to go through a couple of bottles of this cream to be able to notice any difference .
 I really love Bella B products and this one is no exception . I used every once of it - if I had the extra money I would have continued to use it , however I was able to find a slightly less alternative and chose to go that route.I love the fact that it 's paraben and PEG free !!!
 The item was out of stock the first time I ordered this powder . It was only several days latter that I saw it available again and I did not regret ordering it . The package arrived on time and I used it right away . It is really good ; better than I had thought . It gives my complexion a natural , smooth , even and healthy look . It is easy to apply too . And at Amazon , I got it at a fantastic price .
 Ok , so the stuff is inexpensive - and that 's a GOOD thing , nothing cheap about this product ! I started wearing Charlie White as a teenager , and I find of all the fragrances I 've tried , I keep coming back to this one . -LRB- I 'm now in my mid-twenties -RRB- . Charlie White has a very light , fresh scent with a hint of flora . It 's very feminine and refreshing . I find that I can wear it in the daytime and at night , and it lasts the full day.Sometimes I wonder if the scent is out of date - until last week , when I was out for sushi with a friend . Two gay guys stopped me on the sidewalk to say that I smelled fabulous . From two guys uninterested in picking up girls ? Now that 's a compliment!I love this scent , and I hope Amazon continues to carry it !
 These items were exactly how they appear and exactly what they said they were . Great shipping . Can say nothing bad about this purchase .
 This scent has become a traditional Christmas gift from me to my wife ... it 's always the first item on her `` want '' list . Amazon has the best prices and quickest shipping of anywhere that I have purchased it .
 I was trying to buy my perfume through ebay and pay pal was giving me fist so tried amazon and I wont go anywhere else ... they got it to me fast and it was a good price ... . I buy cds dvds and all here and I love them ...
 product came very fast in great condition it is an awesome product God bless you keep up the good work
 Item arrived quickly and in great condition.This is my 2nd favorite fragrance and it lasts many hours without refreshing it .
 My personal favorite from Charlie . I can wear this scent when other fragrances smell awful . Good bargain for the price and product .
 well well were do i start my signature scent this is why i ordered 2 and will be soon again to be stocked up they do n't sell this fragrance any more at the stores why ? i dont know but everytime i smell it on my it drives me crazy i get plenty of compliments on this perfume but like i say , ... . i do n't tell no one they love when wear this pefume it 's smells sooooo good ive been wearing it for over 16 yrs im glad they still make it .
 I have n't used this in years and I put it on earlier and it was still as amazing as it ever was !
 My daughter in law loves this fragrance and I purchased it for her for Christmas . It was number one on her Amazon wish list . Awesome to know I got something she wanted . Had it gift wrapped and shipped to their home .
 This is a perfect daywear fragrance . Very flirty and feminine , not heavy-scented , but definitely lasts . If you enjoyed Muguet de Bois and Le Jardin , you will like this one !
 I could not find this perfume in stores anywhere ! My favorite scent ever , it 's very light , fresh and feminine ! Love it !
 Charlie cologne has been my friend for over 20 years . I have n't been able to find it here in Norfolk , NE , for the last couple of years . So glad I found the source to purchase it on line . I get many compliments when I wear it .
 I 've bought this product for my wife on a repeat basis because it 's inexpensive , carries a great scent , and is far superior to the small bottles you buy online or in retail stores . For example , the same Charlie White that 's less than a tenth of this size is $ 15 at Wal Mart . I laugh every time I 'm passing the perfume isle knowing I 'm saving a fortune buying it here .
 I needed some perfume and you cant afford to buy Charie White anywhere so I thought I would check on here and it was such a good price I will buy from them everytime and tell all my friends ...
 IT SMELLS GOOD AND DOES NOT COST AN ARM AND A LEG . I RECOMMEND THIS TO ALL LOOKING FOR AN INEXPENSIVE SCENT.JESUS LOVES YOU ... Rom 5:6 Christ died for us at a time when we were helpless and sinful.Rom 5:7 No one is really willing to die for an honest person , though someone might be willing to die for a truly good person.Rom 5:8 But God showed how much he loved us by having Christ die for us , even though we were sinful .
 i got it in time for my mother 's birthday . shipping could have been better , was n't secured in the box ...
 I was very satisfied with this purchase . The ship time was super fast and the product arrived in good condition as advertised .
 First is a beautiful scent and the lotion is great . I recommend this product
 I absolutely love this product . I agree with the other review that if you wear make-up , it wont remove it . For those of us who dont wear make-up and have extremely sensitive skin , this is the most amazing product . I have break-outs that seem to mostly be caused by overly harsh products . This product was the first that Ive found that doesnt dry out your face . I have to admit it does feel like '' lotion rather than a cleanser '' but for those with extremely sensitive skin , its a necessary component as opposed to harsh cleansers that suck the moisture right out of your face . My favorite product !
 I was looking for a cleanser for my sensitive skin , and one that did n't foam up so much . This cleanser really fit the bill . It leaves my skin feeling fresh and clean .
 I suffer from a rare muscle disease accompanied by a rash . I 'm in remission but my skin has become so sensitive , finding something to cleanse my face became problematic . I 've used The Body Shop Aloe Calming Facial Cleanser for about a month now and my facial skin feels wonderful , never dry , even relieving some itchiness ... it 's a dream product , one I encourage anyone looking for something to soothe sensitive skin to try . Bravo , Body Shop !
 Love love love this cleanser with my Clarisonic ! It leaves my face feeling so smooth and refreshed , which I did n't really appreciate until after I tried using the purity cleanser with it and my skin just felt so dry and tight . I have combo , slightly acne prone skin and this is just amazing for it . The only thing is that it is not good for is taking out make up , but it 's fine for me since I remove my makeup with the Clean and Clear sensitive foaming essentials cleanser before using my clarisonic to get the deepest clean possible :-RRB- It 'd also be nice to have more product for the amount of money spent , but if you catch the body shop during one of their awesome `` 2 for 20 or 3 for 30 , etc '' sales then you 're set !! Overall , totally worth it !
 Just works well for me . My skin is very sensitive and this is the only thing i can apply on my face.Try it , it might work for you if you have super sensitive skin that can get irritated easily.Thanks
 I often get scared that they will discontinue my color . I 'm in my 40 's and have been using this color for about 10 years , regardless of the season and it 's always looking good . Glad to know I can get this online .
 This is my ultimate favourite lipstick . The colour blends with all shades -LRB- except pink -RRB- . It seems to be discontinued in Australia so was thrilled to be able to still buy it on the net.So happy .
 Have used it twice , once in the shower and once in tub . It has a mild lavender aroma which I found refreshing and smelled good . Would buy this product again .
 I have been using Revlon 's Ciara 200 for the past 20 years . It is the perfect fragrance to last all day and not be overwhelming . I have received compliments from both men and women about the fragrance I wear . I have been approached about the scent in the grocery line , in my graduate classes , and of course by my suitors . I am extremely allergic to many scents , but Ciara 200 has been the right fragrance for me since I am not allergic to it . Thank you Amazon for selling the 200 . I have only been able to find the 80 and 100 in my city and they have not been as pleasing to me .
 Ciara is truly one of the great classics of all time.This fragrance will continue to stand on its own merit.I bought the 200 % strength for my mom who has used thisperfume since I was a little girl . I own the 80 % strengthas I prefer a bit more downplayed fragrances.The smell of Ciara is unique unto itself and there isreally nothing else it can be compared with . Its definatlya blend of spices , vanilla , and musk that combine into abeautiful symphony of seductive and very wearable notesthat captivate the senses and transport one to places bothexotic and ancient !! A very engaging scent for evening wear .
 This is not my favorite scent but it is nice fragrance to wear when you do n't want to spend a lot of money . It is a romantic scent and I prefer to wear it in the evening . I brought the 200 % strength and a little goes a long way . If I am going to the office I use very little . The fragrance stays with you all day . I have never needed to re-apply .
 There is toilet water -LRB- Eau De Parfums -RRB- , cologne and then perfume.This amounts to 80 strength , 100 strength and 200 strength.I have used Ciara since the day they gave out sample spray bottles in 1973 . I have always , and still do , get wonderful compliments whenever I wear Ciara 200 . I pray that they will never stop producing this wonderfully feminine fragrance.The 200 strength is so hard to find in stores.A bottle lasts me at least a year so I buy two at a time , just in case I ca n't find it again.I never wear any other perfume.YOU WILL LOVE IT AND THE COMPLIMENTS YOU RECIEVE !
 Ciara is the most wonderful scent . It 's very romantic and feminine . When I wear it , I get more compliments than when I wear any other scent . Therefore , I have worn it for 25 years . An application lasts too , especially the 200 % strength . This is my favorite of all colognes . It 's even better than the high priced colognes I have tried .
 I love Ciara and have used it for years . I was extremely happy with the pricing on Amazon and the speed with which it was sent .
 Every time I wear this perfume , I get compliments . I have worn it for years and this site has the best price I have ever paid .
 The Ciara perfume I ordered is excellent quality , and it arrived within 4 days of my purchase date . I am very happy with my order from Amazon .
 I used to wear Ciara all through high school , and I remember it being a sharp semi metallicky scent . When I read the reviews of the 200 strength I decided to try it and I am so happy I did . It is a soft sweet and spicy scent , starts out powdery which I do not like too much but it immediately fades and becomes a rich cloud of candy like perfume but not nauseating sweet . It is pure pleasure and I have already had people come up to me and comment on the wonderful perfume.UPDATE from RevlonThank you for your recent comments from the Revlon website and your interest in our products.Sometimes , because of fashion trends and limited consumer demand , it becomes necessary to discontinue an otherwise excellent product . Unfortunately , Revlon Ciara Cologne Spray 200 Strength is no longer being manufactured . Since fragrances are a matter of individual and personal preference , we are unable to suggest a substitute fragrance for you . We would encourage you to visit our fragrance display in retail stores in your area.Ciara Fragrance 100 Strength and 80 Strength are still being maufactured.I am so sad ! Just when I found this scent , its being discontinued !
 I absolutely loved , loved , loved this purchase . This perfume is my favorite but only bought once or twice because of the price at the stores . I am verrrrrrrrrry pleased with it . Thank you very much , Carmella
 I have worn Ciara for decades now and am thrilled to get it at such a great price . I order 2 at a time .
 This scent is strong and long lasting , In fact it 's so strong -- even though I 'm not even half way through the bottle -- I 've grown almost tired of it . But when I spray it the next day , I question why I did n't do so sooner . This perfume is tricky , it smells good but it 's way strong . I 'm liking Juicy Couture a bit more . Try that one out if your looking for something ... juicy . lol . This is more of a classic scent . And AAA rocks , their prices do too .
 This was my sister 's signature scent from the time she was around 18 years old . I remember seeing this on her vanity dresser among other perfumes , but it was Ciara 200 that was her favorite . Her first cologne was White Shoulders when she was 14 years old . These two cologne 's are key for me when I think of her . They represent her youthful force of nature/BEAUTY . She is the SUN , and when Ciara is in the air it is Patti I think of , with love .
 French couturier Hubert de Givenchy took the same elegant fashion style which made him famous and bottled it with Givenchy 's Amarige de Givenchy . This is my perfume of choice when I want to feel sexy . The scent radiates warmth , sensuality , pure class and Female with a capital `` F. '' A rich , complex blend of light and musky notes , with Givenchy violet , mimosa , soft sweet spices , and orange flowers , is accompanied by fruity notes of fresh citrus , melons , peaches , and plums . It is a sophisticated fragrance , but not at all heavy.I prefer to wear Amarige in the evening , and something less sexy , a woodsy or floral cologne , or Givenchy 's Eau De Toilette , for work and sports . This perfume has been my standby for years , and although I have switched-off occasionally to try something new , I always return to Amarige . I personally prefer to purchase the smaller bottle . It may just be me , but I feel like scent changes , or becomes stale , once the bottle has been opened and kept too long . I do wear this a lot , but it still takes a while to go through an entire bottle , which , by the way , looks almost as beautiful as the perfume smells . I love it , but the scent one chooses is a highly personal decision , so , as with all perfumes and colognes , try a sample before you purchase.JANA
 I am a Amarige fan and I could not resist this excellent price which I could not bet in any local store where I live . The scent is excellent and the lotion concentration is of a good quality and consistency . I would high recommend this product for ` the mature ' woman as it is very sophisticated and yet elegant scent . The brand is excellent as I now would like to add other products suck as the eau de toilette and shower gel
 I am a perfume lover , and Gucci Rush is the one I get the most compliments on . Buy it you will like it .
 I loooove this perfume ! It 's my favorite perfume for fall and winter . It arrived quickly , and was a steal compared to other places . I was a little worried about this being in stock because of another review , but that was not a problem at all . Try this perfume and you will be hooked ! I describe it as spicey and woodsy . My fav !!!!
 I was very hesitant to purchase perfume from amazon espically since the seller was n't Amazon itself . I receieved the product in just a few days and it is the real deal : - -RRB-
 Accidentally sent the wrong frangrance , but immediately replaced it , and let me keep the one they sent by mistake . Much better price than regular retail .
 An awesome product that sells out - and that 's the only problem ! I had to call around the US to find it in a department store , in stock and that would ship . Amazon 's supplier was sold out .
 Great medium to heavy coverage foundation . Love the portability and ease of application.This works like a snap to make me feel confident when I do n't feel like getting dolled up and just want to even out my skin tone and slap on some lip liner/balm . One tip
 I have used this stick for years and repeatedly come back to buy it . However , after using tinted moisturizer recently now the stick feels a little heavy . It is good for spot coverage , or for summer weather to blend a tan , but I think I will go back to inted moisturizer for most of the year . I went to the mall and got matched first and then purchased online . The shades quickly get dark/orange .
 I loved all of Bobbi Brown 's products but this might have to be my favorite . It 's full coverage is what I need without being heavy or greasy .
 I have used this foundation stick for 15 years . I use it with a foundation primer and a little powder and coverage will last all day !
 Product arrived as described , well packaged to avoid breakage . Product came faster than quoted .
 This product is amazing ! I 've had a lot of comments about my tan ... everyone thinks it 's real ! I do n't tan at all , so products like these save me from being pasty . It 's the best sunless tanner out there . It can be applied fast and with ease , does n't streak , dries quickly , is n't sticky , and the original smell is good . Eventually , it does turn to the classic sunless tanner smell , but it 's not very strong at all and does n't last long . This product does , however , need a few coats to get good color but after a few coats , it is wonderful !
 This is my favorite of the self tanners I 've tried . Less odor than some of the others & I have n't had problems with streaking , etc. . It 's a little on the pricey side though .
 I bought some of this so my legs would match my arms . It works well . Just make sure you spray it evenly and do n't hold it too close to your skin . Hold about 12 inches or so from your body and you 're good to go . It 's easy to use and covers well . That tanning product smell is present with this spray , but it is faint and fades after a while . Even better if you can use this product at night and let it really soak in as you sleep and shower away the smell in the morning .
 I went to target and found it for $ 6 with taxes it came out to $ 6.75 witch is not expensive at all but it 's $ 12 plus shipping and handling are you kidding me that 's a total ripp off ! You can find it at any drug store and walmart , ulta , target etc. . . Anywhere !! For $ 6 some stores can be $ 1 - $ 2 more but at least you wo n't have to pay for shipping and no waiting !
 It 's a spray , so adjust for the process
 Being fair skinned , I have used just about every brand under $ 20 of self-tanner ! Banana Boat has always been my preference - giving me the most natural looking tan with the least amount of streaks . This specific kind is my favorite . The mist goes on evenly and dries quickly . Because it is so light , I rarely have any streaks . You can also get your back without having to rub it in because the mist is so fine . The smell is also better than a lot of the other tanners . This kind also seems to last a lot longer and hold up in water better than the other brands that I have tried .
 I loved this ! It was a very nice , deep color . Except for on my face . I put it on at night , and when I woke up in the morning my face was orange ! I 'm not sure why this happened because the rest of me looked amazing . Fortunately it was fairly easy to scrub off , and then I was very happy . So I 'm giving it four stars because it really has a nice color , I just would n't reccoment applying to your face .
 I have n't used many self tanners before but this one is BY FAR the best yet . I 'm very pale and I used this two days in a row and every noticed how much healthier and tanner I looked . It works incredibly well . It gives a nice gradual and natural looking tan -LRB- no orange color ! -RRB- and also such a nice glow to your skin as well ! It 's easy to apply and does n't smell like self-tanner . If it 's rubbed in , it will dry very quickly and look very even with no streaks.This is a great product because it is n't heavy like some lotions and looks SO natural . I will be using this the rest of my life .
 So this was my first self-tanner product ever ! I was debating between this one and the L'OREAL Sublime airbrush , but I chose this one . I have fair-skin , when I tan in the summer , I usually get red-brown , then the next day brown . . so I showered , then I dried myself completely , and started to spray away . I applied 2 coats , from the neck down & I used a bronzer on my face , because it did n't state that it wo n't clog your pores , but with the L'OREAl , it states it wo n't clog pores , so I did n't want to take the chance . After I applied the first coat , I stepped outta the shower and used my blow dryer to dry off . . then I applied the 2 coat and just went to the bed . In the morning , I showered without scrubing my body & put lotion on and the color was just perfect ! I do n't look orange , nor yellow a perfect golden tan and looks very natural ! It does n't smell like the rest of the self-tanners , which I ca n't tolerate , it has a nice citrus scent !
 For a self tanner , i was really pleased with this product . It is inexpensive , and worth the price . It takes a couple of coats to reach a desired color but it is n't streaky or orange . make sure you spray the tops of your feet though a little or you get a line at your ankles!i would recommend , for sure .
 This tanner is amazing . I bought it at target for $ 6 a bottle and was skeptical because i have n't heard of it . But WOW . It 's so great . I put on one coat and let it dry and then added another coat about 10 minutes after . After about 3 hours , I had the perfect golden tan . If you 've ever seen somebody with a mystic tan that 's what it looks like . Fantastic . It smells good and it sprays clear so it does not make a mess . I 've gotten a ton of compliments and my skin looks gorgeous . I 'm very pale and I usually get streaky . You do n't have to rub it in at all and since it sprays upside down you can get your back ! I love this stuff and would recommend it to anybody . YAY !
 I 've purchased and used this product in several flavors , including from the manufacturer direct . Love the product especially in the original orange scent , but be aware , prices for this product are all over the map . I paid $ 6 each or `` 5 for $ 30 '' , a real `` deal '' from Mia Rose direct , only to find it for $ 3.99 at a `` nation-wide boutique '' store based in California . Great product , but do n't overpay if you do n't have to .
 Have been using Air Therapy for more years than I can remember . After moving to Ohio , could n't get the lime scent , so ordered through Amazon . Orange and lime are both great , but lime seems to be more healing for me . It can knock down even putrid cigarette odors from your neighbors apt . Only demerit is the can amount does n't last as long as I 'd like , but then it 's not chemically enhanced producing a fake , lingering odor . I will always use this product because it takes me happy places .
 So , I have n't had my Air Therapy that long - about three weeks and I use it daily -LRB- and I did n't buy it from Amazon , I bought it at Home Depot , but love it so much , had to review here -RRB- - I have the Key Lime and love it ! First , I 'll just say that I do not know if I 'll run into container malfunctions later , as other reviewers have mentioned . My canister works fine so far :-RRB- . But , what I DO know is that the fragrance is WONderful - and I 'm ridiculously picky about smells - and very sensitive - for example , I ca n't hang out in Macy 's perfume department or in the detergent aisle at the store , as it is too much for me . So , Air Therapy does not smell unnatural , whatsoever , and actually gets rid of smells , and I 've had to use it on some pretty bad odors on a regular basis - I care for my elderly father and the bathroom needs it sometimes , very badly . I was worried at first , as the canister is so small , thought I 'd use it up in no time , but turns out , unlike other natural spray fragrances I 've bought such as Pure Citrus , you need so much less ! Pure Citrus has pretty nice fragrances of orange , which I like , also a lemon I have not tried , but you must use 2-6 times more Pure Citrus than Air Therapy , to achieve what Air Therapy achieves with only one spray . In fact , Air Therapy says on the back you only need one spray and it really is true ! Only sometimes , do I use two sprays . Such a relief to find a spark of truthful advertising . So , I believe this is a better deal than the Pure Citrus , even though Pure Citrus is 7 ounces as opposed to the 4.6 ounce canister of Air Therapy I have . Btw , I have only compared these two products in this review , as they are the only two I have found to meet my requirements , which are basically a non-chemical , natural fragrance that will actually freshen air and that are not unreasonably priced and that have fragrances you actually enjoy .
 Great price . Fast delivery . I like the idea that this is safe to use because no chemicals added . It does clear out any nasty odors with a single spritz . The smell of oranges is very natural .
 I absolutely love this product . And my first purchase has lasted literally years . I have even given it as gifts because it smells so great and lasts so long . Now I have finally run out , and I 'm thrilled to see that there are other scents as well.Highly recommended .
 This is a good product . It arrived on time ; easy to open and install . I would certainly recommend it to anyone needing such a product .
 Found this product once at a Walmart , and never found it in stores again . Looked everywhere for it . Good odor control . Very clean fragrance -- not perfumey like most products . Nothing else even comes close . And a container lasts what seems like forever ! Use sparingly -- 1-2 spritzes are just fine .
 I love these small versions . I take these with me when traveling . When one has to share a restroom , sometimes the restrooms need a little freshner , and these work great !! . I also love the fact that it 's a Non-aerosol product . They cover up the odor naturally . One bottle lasts a good while . This bottle came in handy while sharing the restroom on a 9 hour plane ride . Great for kitchen and rest of house also . Carries well in a pocketbook . I have used just the orange one before , but I like the key lime -LRB- lime and oranges -RRB- .
 This item kills odor and I love the fact that it is natural and wo n't hurt anyone when they breath it .
 Wool Sponge 4.5 `` These sponges are great for putting on liquid foundation . Or you could use them with a toner .
 My wife needed this to replace one that was used up . This came packaged well and in like new shape .
 Love this compact . It keeps the eyeshadow and blush from cracking and powdering up your make-up bag . I like the small size too .
 I often get scared that they will discontinue my color . I 'm in my 40 's and have been using this color for about 10 years , regardless of the season and it 's always looking good . Glad to know I can get this online .
 This is my ultimate favourite lipstick . The colour blends with all shades -LRB- except pink -RRB- . It seems to be discontinued in Australia so was thrilled to be able to still buy it on the net.So happy .
 I bought this for my husband before going on a trip to the Carribean . He wore this to dinner a couple of times and I thought it smelled too `` heavy '' for the tropical environment we were in . This fragrance definitely fits a colder weather , ski vacation , in front of the fireplace setting . Licorice and woodsy , sophisticated and mildly flirty .
 This product caught my nose last summer and is a real keeper for my collection . Irressistable is a light fragrance that gets many , many compliments from women and men alike . Its fragrance lasts throughout the day and is pleaseing to the senses . Its a great fresh smell that is neither musky or fruity , I do n't feel like a teenager like some of the colognes make me feel . Its an awesome scent that deserves a chance , try it out next time you go to Macy 's or a fragrance shop , you 'll see what chocolate , and wood do to your olfactories !
 I absolutely love this stuff . It lives up to its name , and could n't possibly be replaced by anything else I 've had . I put it up there with The Dreamer by Versace and Acqua di Gio by Giorgio Armani . I sprayed some before going to class one day just to see if I 'd get any reactions from people . Women and men all told me how much they loved it , and if they could have the jacket and shirt I had on . A romantic interest even asked me for my boxers!The website , -LSB- ... -RSB- , has the entire Givenchy line . I look forward to obtaining the rest for my `` Smell Good '' collection .
 this was a birthday gift and they liked it cant find this easily and this was the best price out there
 I learned a long time ago to only buy quality fragrances and so I only have a few at any given time but I always have this one on hand . No cologne should be noticeable from a distance greater than an embrace and this one is very strong at first , but just be sure to put it on a half hour or so before you go out and you 'll be fine . It quickly settles down and stays in for the long haul . I never fail to get positive comments from women when I wear it . It has a clean scent with citrus notes yet smells masculine , not feminine . Trust me , women will love this scent on you .
 This product is one of the very best !! I get alot of compliments ! Its a good scent for a cold windy night .
 La fragancia es agradable , es magnifico , estoy muy complacido ; ademas recibi el paquete en el tiempo especificado con las mejores condiciones .
 It is really good !! My favorite man 's cologne . I ll recomend it to every one big time . Dnt miss this chance .
 The secret behind this cologne is the very subtle undernote of chocolate that envelopes the green/woodsy fragrance . There 's nothing else like it out there in the world .
 The `` Very Irresistible '' cologne is a great fragrance by Givenchy . The ordering process was very easy and it was shipped immediately . I 'm currently located in Iraq and I still received it in less than 7 days.Thanks for a job well done , Carl -LRB- in Iraq -RRB-
 What I like most about this EDT is that it has a very distinctive fragrance from others currently in the market.I have to say , on the other hand , that I usually buy EDTs with fresher notes , that 's why I do not particularly prefer the strong character that predomines on this fragrance . When you put it on it smells like coffee , but in short it becomes a little bit softer , bringing a complex yet `` comfortable '' scent.What I think is fair to say , is that Very Irresistible is a nice fragrance and I am not disappointed with it . Do you like different things ? Then buy it !
 When I smell this on my boyfriend it gives me the chills and I 'm immediately turned on . Very masculine and natural , like how I want a man to smell .
 Es muy fresco , tiene notas como de menta y caramelo y un fondo de maderas que lo hace duradero.Es perdurable.El frascos es innovador , huele genial , no es excesivamente caro.Muy recomendable .
 I 'm sorry the other reviewer had a bad experience , but I 've been buying La Bouquetiere laundry powder for years , and have never had problems with my orders . Occasionally they 'll sell out of something and have to back-order , but they 've been good about telling me how long the orders usually take to ship . -LRB- Shipping is never especially quick , but they do n't promise otherwise . -RRB- For best service , I 'd suggest going to their web site and calling the store in San Francisco .
 I love this stuff ! It 's very smooth and creamy with a mellow lavender scent . The price is fantastic , compared with other vitamin K creams . I also like the easy to use wide-mouth bottle . You can take just as much as you want , instead of a squirt bottle that shoots out the same amount each time.I also like the instructions on the bottle . They told me to apply it twice a day , and pre-moisten the skin first . Since I started doing that , I 'm actually seeing results ! That means reduced veins !
 I got this cream to help with bruising . I bruise very easily . I used this cream over my bruises and noticed that they did not get darker and seem to be going away much much quicker than before . It has a nice smell and nice consistency . Very inexpensive compared to other Vit . K creams . Will definitely be buying this again !
 I am very happy with Swanson 's Vitamin K creme . It arrived promptly , in perfect condition . I noticed results the first time I used it ! Your results may vary . Supposedly , after 4-8 weeks , I 'll see the full results . Not only does it help with dark circles , but it also makes the skin under your eyes feel much firmer .
 Bought this for my husband 's rosacea because a friend had recommended it . It works ! -LRB- Actually the friend had recommended the name brand Vita-K , but this worked as well and is less costly . -RRB- There is no redness or peeling for my husband now as long as he continues to use it . It worked pretty fast , too .
 I 've got what I call ` geezer ' skin . My arms bruise & bleed very easily , without me even knowing it . This started when I was about 65 , or 7 years ago , and no doubt will never go away . I 'm hardly a vain person , but , sometimes , this stuff is ugly , and I 'm definitely not wearing long sleeve shirts in Summer !! It seemed to take forever to go away , and , of course , I get new bruises before the old ones go away !! Someone recently recommended that I use Gold Bond Ultimate Healing lotion , and it did seem to help some . Then I heard of Vitamin K cream , but thought it was too pricey . Then I found Swanson Vitamin K Cream and thought , for that price I 'll try it . Well , it 's definitely speeding up the healing process !! Certainly not overnight , but a lot faster !! I 've been putting the Gold Bond on first , then applying the Swanson Vitamin K cream right after . I guess the Gold Bond is a moisturizer . Dunno , but the combination of the two is working for me !!
 If you 've been getting those hideous purple blotches on your forearms and calves -- the ones that erupt without any notice and that take two weeks to fade -- well , this product is your salvation.Use it generously , literally slather it on when your skin is damp -LRB- I do it after my shower -RRB- , and watch your skin return to normal . I do it every day and I have n't had an outbreak of those hideous things in nearly a year since I discovered this stuff . How do you spell RELIEF ! -LRB- BTW , it also helps with plain old bruises . -RRB-
 DOES HELP DARK CIRCLES BUT I DO HAVE HEALTH PROBLEMS PROBLY IF I DIDNT IT WOULD REALLY WORK FAST BUT IT DOES WORK
 I found this cream to be a light scented , light moisturizing great buy . It has helped some with my dark circles and overall I would recommend this product for skin conditions . It does not work overnight but I 've noticed a difference with my eyes and elbows .
 Bought this product for vericose viens on my legs . Not only did it reduce the appearance quickly , but seemed to reduce the pain in them as well . Once i was sure my very sensitive skin was fine with this scented product , used it on pinkish areas on my face and saw improvment there to . Only area would n't use it on again is under eyes . Although it seemed to reduce dark circles some , appeared alittle puffy.I 've read this product does not work for all , and i have no idea how long the effects last , but WOW it works for me and i 'm ordering 2 more . * i used daily on problem areas 2 tmx per day . * like the scent , but for those who do n't , it seems to wear off quickly .
 My husband and I have been using this Vitamin K cream for about three months and have been generally pleased with it . We originally purchased it to help with nose veins and under-eye shadows . For that , I ca n't say we 've noticed any great difference , but we have ended up liking it because it 's moisturizing and absorbs quickly , without making us break out at all . Plus , it was very reasonably-priced at $ 3.99 . PLEASE NOTE , though , that you should look carefully at the product before making the order . We came back to re-order on 5/25/11 , and it appears the product now links to the Swanson website , and to a jar of Vitamin C cream and not the Vitamin K , plus it costs about three times more . It appears the Vitamin K cream is either temporarily or permanently unavailable and Swanson just changed the product link to their Vitamin C cream . Just a caveat for the possibly unwary :-RRB- . We hope to see the Vitamin K cream return , because it really is a good moisturizer .
 I 've only been using this for a short while -LRB- maybe a week and a half -RRB- , but I can already see that it works . I bought it because my wedding is coming up in May and I get scratches and bruises fairly often at work . I had lots of scars from scratches on my hands and arms , and it 's clearing them up very quickly ! On top of that , any bruises that I get go away within a few days , as opposed to two weeks or so ! I 'm still waiting to see if it will help with my under-eye circles , but even if it does n't , it 's still definitely worth the money ... Especially when you compare it to other Vitamin K creams ! I 'm definitely going to buy this again when I run out
 I bought this product to diminish the redness around my nose area . I do n't think it will get rid of that redness completely , but it got rid of my bruses pretty fast . I also like the fact that it has such a nice scent .
 I did n't really notice any improvement in the minor dark circles under my eyes , but after about a month of daily use I have definitely noticed a significant improvement around my ankles where I used the cream to treat spider veins . I 'm ordering more to see if the improvement continues .
 I often get scared that they will discontinue my color . I 'm in my 40 's and have been using this color for about 10 years , regardless of the season and it 's always looking good . Glad to know I can get this online .
 This is my ultimate favourite lipstick . The colour blends with all shades -LRB- except pink -RRB- . It seems to be discontinued in Australia so was thrilled to be able to still buy it on the net.So happy .
 I love this fragrance ... It makes you feel feminine and sexy . Not too heavy . Long lasting scent . One of the best Versace fragrances .
 My wife loves this dark , mysterious scent . It 's a wonderful autumn / winter fragrance . It 's very warm and lasts all day long .
 I was afraid they quit selling this when they came out with the Bright Crystal perfume . I have gotten more compliments from this fragrance than I can count . I will always have a bottle or 2 of this in my collection , although I really do n't need a collection of others If I have this .
 This is an amazing smelling perfume and the price is the best I have seen ! Well worth the price I paid . Shipping was also quick and that was during Christmas .
 What I love about Versace Crystal Noir -LRB- among countless other things -RRB- is that it is suitable for every place I go or anything I wear . Also , the look of the bottle is fantastic .
 Everyone , male and female , ask me what perfume I have on . They also will keep walking around me to sniff it !
 I am an avid perfume wearer . This perfume is the most amazing perfume in the world . It smells so great ! I 've never gotten more complements on this perfume than any other perfume I 've worn before . It was completely affordable for the big size which was just so wonderful . Will be using this for a long time .
 Smells great , bought it for my mom and she loves it , not as good as Gaga or some I have smelled , but its what a person likes ... quality perfume definately
 this is just as good as the stuff you get from the stores with just a better price . i liked it
 A great , deep and rich perfume that stays on you all day . This bottle lasts me over a year , with 2-3 sprays every day . Its my favorite and my signature scent , and I always get compliments when I wear it . Added bonus that I 've never met anyone else who also wears this product .
 my favorite perfume smells a little minty and citrus . have had many compliments . would buy it again . so glad I can still get it .
 I just received this and love it . It will be my go to scent for years to come I 'm sure . So clean but something very special as well .
 I have used this as my winter scent for a few years now . I am a flight attendant , so I want a scent that will last the day , but is n't too strong and this fits the bill . It has a pronounced scent of coconut which I love and mixed with vanilla and amber . It is a warm , familiar scent without smelling like candy . I get compliments every day on it and people say `` you smell great , '' not `` I like your perfume . '' My other favorite is Thierry Mugler Angel , but I found it is wayyyy too strong for an airplane , so I wear that when I 'm going out . If you like Angel , you will enjoy Crystal Noir . It is warm and inviting and yet subtle at the same time .
 I just Love this product , it is my 2nd time I am buying it and will buy again!Awesome smell , long lasting and Lovely !
 I decided to try this product because I use Versace Bright Crystal . Love it as an evening fragrance . Stays on for a long time , just need to apply a small amount .
 Exactly as it is in the store - love purchasing the tester size at such a discount . Scent stays well , better in hair and clothes than on skin .
 A real box will have a scan code -LRB- box bar code -RRB- on the bottom , that is the first sign to know it 's real . The barcode on the box should match the one on the bottle also . The smell should last almost all day . With that said , this is a wonderful scent . Its really sexy and you will get many compliments . The scent is made for women who likes heavier scents , the bright crystal is for those that like light floral scents . This is a timeless scent that you will buy for years to come .
 The Versace Noir is my favorite fragrance ever . It lasts forever and everybody notices it and compliments it . I strongly recommend it
 Have been using Versace Crystal Noir for years ! Get compliments every time I wear it . Great price too !
 I ordered directly through Amazon and I must say that the low price caused me to be a bit skeptical about the authenticity and / or quality of this item . I had already loved this perfume & purchased a 1 ounce bottle for fifty bucks at Ulta . Same day I came on here and saw they had the three ounce for less than the 1 oz at Ulta ! I could n't believe my eyes . I have received my perfume from Amazon and it arrived very quickly . Not only is it identical in every way , except the size of course , it is fresh and perfect . I have since returned the 1 oz back to Ulta as I did n't even open it and now have my triple size bottle for an unbeatable price.The scent itself seems like coconuts , spicy florals and fruits , kind of exotic and hard to describe . Very dressy and ladylike . Mature smelling but not `` grandma-ish '' . This is strong for an EDT -LRB- the perfect strength , however -RRB- and two spritz lasts all day for me . I ca n't imagine how strong the EDP is and have never tried it.The bottle is beautiful colored glass with a huge , chunky lid that is multifaceted.Note
 My wife and I first bought this perfume for her on our anniversary trip to Vegas . She loved it and so when the bottle was out it was a no brainer to get another one . I love the smell of this perfume and I stays on for a long time , to remind you how much the person wearing it means to you .
 This is my favoirte perfume , it has the best smell that you can wear everyday and nigh time too . Even though it is Eau De Toilette , it lasts long and everyone notices it all day .
 I receive compliments every time I wear this scent . It is warm , sensuous and beautiful .
 This perfume is the best that I 've found for fragrance . I always get lots of people saying ... `` you smell good ! '' I 've used this fragrance for over 3 years now and just love it .
 My experience was great . Received my order on time , w / some extra savings coupons . I would purchase from this vendor again , when the time comes .
 I love this perfume , it may be heavy for some , it 's worth checking out in the store first . I saw it years ago , I did n't get it then because I was pregnant -LRB- ? -RRB- and I wanted to make sure I still like it . . I do !!
 I luv this scent . When i wear it , i hv people ask me all the time , `` what scent are u wearing ? '' I will keep getting this forever .
 smells great ! most important the smell lasts long.It is more winter perfume than of summer - very deep and strong smell for night out : - -RRB-
 I have finally found my new signature scent ! It 's sensual and elegant and just makes a woman feel beautiful ! Very bewitching !! I suffer with migraines and have had no problem wearing and have not offended anyone nearby . This is not your younger crowd perfume at all -LRB- like the Brittany or Jessica wearers ! -RRB- Perfect for day/night wear . I just feel like a million bucks when I wear this , and when I am asked what I am wearing I simply say Versace . I am not letting the cat out of the bag on this one ... LOL !!! Thank you House of Versace !
 Bought this for my wife as gift & she has never stopped loving it and showing me some extra care .
 Not often I will purchase much less pay a bill online , but I must say , this was fast , easy , and safe . The product that I ordered was exactly as I expected it to be and it only took seconds for me to place an order with the friendly navagation ease of the website ... Kudos !!!!!!
 This is the BEST hand balm that I 've ever used . It penetrates my skin and softens it immediately . Yet it does n't leave my hands with a greasy feeling . And an application will last me all day or until I have to wash my hands . Even after I wash my hands , I notice that my skin is still soft and does n't have that dry chapped feeling . I 've tried all kinds of lotions , creams and body butters and I 've yet to find a moisturizer that performances as well as Caldrea 's hand balms . An added bonus is the scents are not overpowering since they do not use synthetic scents , just essential oils .
 Caldrea makes such a strong line of products -- honestly , I 've never used a Caldrea item that I did n't love , and the Ginger Pomelo hand balm is no exception ! However , the vendor , A Cleaner Place , would do well to heed the advice from its own name
 If you have ever been skeptical about trying a new product , now is not the time.I first learned about this system when I watched Jonathan 's show on Bravo . I was n't sure that the product would live up to its name , but I was impressed . Even more impressive was that my teenage daughter -LRB- you know how THEY can be ! -RRB- told all of her friends about it . I had parents calling me asking me for the name of the system and where they could buy it.Your hair will be incredibly silky smooth after you use this purification system . In addition , you will not have dry skin -LRB- specially in winter , which has always been a problem for me -RRB- in the winter months . -LRB- I live in NJ where the winters can be brutal and every winter I had dry areas on my body that appear scaly and itch . It did n't happen to me this past winter when I used this product . -RRB- Another plus is that the system is easy to install . You can do it yourself -LRB- read - without a man 's help ! -RRB- with just a pair of pliers.You wo n't regret this purchase or want to send it back . It 's definitely worth the money and what it does to your hair and body is something short of amazing .
 I bought this to replace one of those frustrating `` discontinued '' products that the cosmetics industry 's so fond of , Sand Pink Shimmer lipstick which my wife swears by . The Beige she 's now also in love with so this is also a great product .
 Nearly Naked Liquid Foundation is fabulous ! Light , easy to apply , does not settle into any lines , and provides light coverage so you look natural and not made up ! So Glad -LRB- !! -RRB- ALMAY decided to continue this product . Oh , and for those of you with sensitivities , non irritating , and no fragrance !!!
 Almay Nearly Naked is a great product . I am over 60 , but have good skin and do n't need a lot of coverage . The product gives medium coverage , but is sheer enough that it does n't look masky , and does n't feel heavy , and has a nice sheen . It does n't collect in facial lines . I like it for every day use . Unfortunately , I ca n't find it in my local drug stores any more . I think it has been discontinued . Just when you find something you like they stop making it . RATS !
 This specific type of cosmetic are not available in our the CR Market so , my mother is very happy to have the chance and get ti throut you thanks
 This juice is a perfect copy of Azzaro pour homme on the dry down . I am a massive azzaro Ph fan , and once the original dries down I ca n't smell the difference to save my life . Cuba is similar in the top and mid notes to azzaro , but does n't smell as complex . More linear . But that being said at a third the price , its so close , I might just replace my azzaro with a super size Cuba black magnum , when I run out . And this from an azzaro Ph fanboy . The sillage and longevity are n't as great as azzaro , probably due to lesser quality ingrediants , but for the price , just reapply . It does not smell cheap at all . Some of the best juice on the planet for the price . I do n't know how it can smell so natural and rich for 10 bucks . Azzaro Ph budget version . But trust me not even a frag head would know you were n't wearing the original . Which is an absolute masterpiece . And no I 'm not from the 70s or 80s . I just like to smell like a real man . And Cuba black/azzaro does that . Use either or with moderation .
 ALTHOUGH THIS WAS A GIFT FOR MY BROTHER IN LAW , HE SAID THAT IT WAS A PRETTY GOOD COLODNE . HE WAS JUST A LITTLE BIT DISSAPOINTED THAT IT WAS NOT AS GOOD AS `` HAVANA '' , WHICH IS NOT ABLE TO BE FOUND ANYWHERE . BOTTOM LINE , IT IS A DECENT SCENT AND HE IS HAPPY WITH IT .
 I have bought all the expensive colognes over the years . When I first smelled the Cuba line I was sold . My girl says the Cuba Gold is the best she has ever smelled .
 Mom wanted Willard Water and it could n't be found locally . I found it on Amazon , it came pronto , and Mom has been very happy to have it .
 My husband and I are senior citizens . We want to add our testimony to all the thousands of other 's around the world.Dr . Willard 's Water is one of the most amazing products ever discovered for people , pets and plants . We use it every day and never want to be without it.FACT
 This substance enhances absorption of supplements . They will reach your system faster and more efficiently . You will utilize a greater % of nutrients.Also , can be used topically .
 I have used this product for years on my plants , my cats and me . I use it for my cats -LRB- I have 18 -RRB- when they get old and go into kidney failure and become dehydrated . I add it to all their water when one or two need it . As a result , three of my cats have lived years longer than they would normally . I have one that is 19 , and just lost one that was 18 , kept alive by Willard Water . You can see the difference in a few days when a cat is dehydrated and looks terrible . As they drink Willard Water , they start to fill out and start acting and feeling better . They start eating , too . Symptoms go away . On plants , the plants just grow better and faster than plants that do n't get it . For me , it helps with digestion , as I have a healthy diet , but my stomach often gets bloated and I am uncomfortable . I either drink it in water with my dinner , or add it to coffee in the morning . I also use it in my cooking . It makes food taste better , it makes coffee less acid-tasting . My stomach has never felt so good ! A cap full in dishwater makes dishes sparkle , and in the laundry , it gets clothes cleaner . For those who are skeptical , you just have to try it yourself . It is amazing stuff , and I do n't say that if it is n't true . There are a lot of uses for Willard Water , and it is really worth every penny .
 My friend gave me my first mixed gallon of Willard 's
 As advertised , diluted with water as suggested , used a spray bottle and it worked great for spots where my dog was obsessively licking off fur .
 Regarding the review of the person who tried to use Willard Water for problems with their cat 's eyes , you are supposed to dilute this product and use as eye drops or as spray in the eyes . Drinking it would not help a pet 's eyes . The review does n't quite seem fair since the product was not used correctly . I am not recommending this to anyone else because you must make up your own mind and decide whether this is right for you , but I use it -LRB- diluted -RRB- in my eyes for recurring infections and it does work .
 We want to add our testimony to all the thousands of other 's around the world.Dr . Willard 's Water is one of the most amazing products ever discovered for people , pets and plants . We use it every day and never want to be without it.FACT
 I do n't know . I 've been adding it to my water bottle that I use at work and to my water at night since I purchased it . I have n't really noticed a preceptable difference . I feel good though .
 I 've never use Willard 's water before but I heard from an inventor -LRB- a friend of mine -RRB- that he was working on a product to `` completely eliminate the common cold '' riiiight -LSB- insert sarcasm here -RSB- , that would be too good to be true , but is it ? His product just happens to use catalyst water so per his advice I order some and have been using it on my children ages 12 months , 5 years and 6 years old who had just gotten a cold and whoa ! I ca n't believe this has actually worked to just about completely clear their colds in two days flat and prevent my middle child from catching it at all . Simply amazing.If you 're wondering , here is how I used it with them :1 . I purchasedSinuCleanse Kids Mist Kitbecause it has an extremely fine mist and is safe for babies and children and you can refill it .2 . I fill it with purified water then add about 1/4 teaspoon of Willard 's Water to it .3 . I then squirted one spray in each nostril three or four times a day until their symptoms were gone , which was 2 days.I used an alcohol wash -LRB- with rubbing alcohol -RRB- in a cup , dipped the nozzle of the sprayer and wiped it between children so not to spread the germs.All I know is that this stuff seemed to really work when using it this way . I 've never had my children have a cold for just two days especially when my oldest started with a fever the day before . It could be a complete fluke but I ca n't wait to continue trying this against colds and better yet , for prevention !! I really hope it continues to work as well as it has.Also , I was hesitant to order this off of amazon because the picture is n't of the well known Willard 's Water but really wanted the prime shipping because I needed it asap . I took the chance and the bottle that arrived is of the actual Dr. Willard 's Water . What a relief . They should change the picture so people know they are getting the real deal.Thank you for reading my review , I hope it was helpful .
 Well I ca n't say that there was an instantaneous or dramatic result , but there is something going on with the water . After sharing it with my shaggy best friend and my wife , we have noticed a better appetite and certainly more water in out diet . I think there is a more subtle improvement and enhancement overall , but again , I will need to evaluate it over a longer period of time .
 I use this everyother day before shampooing . My hair is much less greasy after using it !! I 've also noticed that my hair seems to have more body at the roots . It also has a very pleasant orange/citrus scent . This product is worth every cent . I definitely recommend it for those with oily scalps and thinning hair !
 The emotionally healing benefits of orange oil and lavender become immediately apparent when you apply this to your scalp . If you can find someone to give you a head massage with this product , then you can truly relax . If applying this yourself , it works well as an at home hair treatment to nourish the hair follicles and promote healthy hair growth . You will also notice your hair becoming stronger and retaining a much deeper shine . The essential oils in this product help to activate micro-circulation which may cause a slight tingling and warming of the scalp . Leave this in for about 5-10 minutes and then wash your hair as normal . You may find you need less conditioner when using this product . Many hairdressers will use this product when giving a conditioning head massage and that is where I first found out about this product . I bought my first bottle the day I had the massage . I was that impressed and I keep buying this product . ~ The Rebecca Review
 I have always had thin hair . Which became worse with the temporary use of some antibiotics . After using this product a year ago I decided to try again . This product is fantastic!My hair and scalp has once again been restored in better shape than prior to use . It is worth every single penny -LRB- shipping not included -RRB-
 I have stick straight , fine , dyed blonde hair that gets oily at the roots but has really dry ends . I put this on my scalp for 5-10 minutes before getting in the shower , also using the Tonicia shampoo and mousse , and after just a week , my hair is stronger and thicker feeling . My scalp also feels better . This is supposed to make whatever you put on your hair afterward work much better , and I really do feel like these products are working their magic . Some reviewers said the smell was a little strong , but I love it . I like the glass bottle and the applicator nozzle . Definitely recommend this !
 I like the smell ; it is not too strong as per some reviews ; my husband liked the smell too he was sniffing me around the house . our 6 yrs old thought it stinks ! Results are seen the next 3 or 4 days stronger hair . I like it and look forward a 2nd application . Its easy to apply .
 I 've been using it for two weeks and it totally works ! There is significantly less hair on my brush now . But I use it together with RF80 .
 I asked my hairdresser what I can do to make my hair grow back faster and she recommended this . It really works ! It made my hair grow back faster and stronger . The only bad part is that it really doesnt smell very good ! I apply it before washing my hair for about 20 minutes . You can really feel the burn after a couple of minutes !
 I started using rene furterer products for almost 3 months and I can really see a difference in my hair . The complexe 5 is a must .
 This is as good as the reviews state . Let my scalp tingling slightly , smell was theraputic . Really does seem to help the quality of ones hair . I am glad I spent the money on it . I heard about this product in Allure magazine in an article about the hair models on TV . Yes some women do have that perfect hair ! This is a product that one of them used . Of course I had to try it . I am thankful I did.Norma > ^ . . ^ <
 Wonderful product . It nourishes the scalp . Used in combination with the Rene Furterer Forticea shampoo and the RF 80 concentrate it helps stop hair loss .
 This product is great for priming ur scalp for whatever treatment ur doing . I ca n't believe I 've been applying Triphasic to my scalp without using this first . It wo n't work really well in the further stages of hair loss like if you 're already going bald , but it 's really great for preventative hair loss .
 i esed complex 5 combined with rf80 and obtained the results expected , i recommend it to everybody who would like to have strong and healthy hair
 I have been using this product for many years . In the winter my scalp get dry and itchy - this does the trick . lately it also seems to be helping with my thinning hair around my front crown area .
 It smells so fresh and tingles so good on my scalp . Not sure about hair growth because I have n't been using it long enough but it definitely gets rid of my flakes and itchiness on the scalp . Makes the hair smell really good afterwards too .
 I love it since the first time I used it and going to order other items from this product line .
 Its mt second time using it after loosing hair and my hair loss has slowed down . I swear by the product .
 Great product ! My husbands hair cant live without it ! I recommend this product to anyone who has thinning hair or is loosing it !
 I purchased this as an additional treatment to the other Karite products I already have . I love this product line . I was n't sure I had made a wise purchase initially but after a couple of uses I think it 's helping to make my hair softer and more manageable . I 've noticed that I do n't have to use my flat iron everyday which is an added benefit . This is a `` shaker '' bottle and takes a little effort to get the product out so be careful around the edges you do n't get it in your eyes .
 I felt in love with this oil ! it smells so good ! It 's tingling when u apply but after 5 min it disappears . U fell that the product is working!I recommand
 I know this is a men 's hair product , but I bought it to help do my young daughter 's hair for dance recitals . At age 6 , she had to wear a bun for her first dance recital , and I had to find a way to keep down all her `` wispies '' -LRB- the short , thin , loose strands of hair that are n't long enough to be pulled back into the bun and end up falling all around the face -RRB- . This product works beautifully ! It dispenses kind of like a glue stick , and I apply the thinnest possible amount very lightly , directly to my daughter 's hair . Then I use a fine comb and my hand to spread the product , comb the wispies back , and flatten them down . Voila ! Perfect results.This product works way better than hairspray , which , in my experience , besides never having a strong enough hold , has the added disadvantage of leaving hair uncomfortably stiff .
 Stix Fix is a great product . It provides as much sculpting strength as you apply without getting that stiff glue-in-hair feel . I Highly recommend it for those people that want total control over their hair and those that want to make the most out of diminishing hairline .
 With a receding hair line and unmanageable remaining hair , this product has been a old stand-by for giving my hair a flat-top effect . I would n't go without it . Of course , once I go bald , I wo n't need to bother with hair products ! LOL ! Until then , this is my product of choice !
 It does what it promised . I have not been able to wear certain materials , but after using Maxim , I can wear anything !
 This Body Wash and Shampoo does such a nice job . Much better than the one-use cloths which have to be warmed in the microwave . With one cap full of Aloe Vesta in a bowl of warm water your wash cloth can be dipped , wrung out , used again many times to give a pleasant , warm `` spit '' bath with no rinseing . Smells very nice also and leaves skin and hair soft and comfortable .
 I first used this in the hospital and liked it so well I started using it at home . Good valueDM
 Sam aloe body wash/shampoo that you get during a hospital stay ... ordering the 4 litre size much more economical ... we simply use mayonnaise style squeeze containers which work very well .
 Aloe Vesta 2-n-1 Body Wash & Shampoo is great for sensitive skin . I have a lot of allergies and I use this often , especially when I need a break from regular soaps and shampoos .
 Used this on my trip to Belize . Used it all the way through the trip . No sunburn and no bug bites . Not as greasy or smelly as I thought it would be . Definitely pleased.Stupid me , though . On last day , I figured I would n't need it on the plane rides and through the airports . Got bit and bit and bit . Next time will use until I get home .
 Product as described and very good price . Shipping took far too long and actually ended up arriving too late to use in the event I had planned .
 the bobby bronw lip carnation color are a soft nice color smooth in your lpis so creamy lipstick look so natural bobby bronw are a very nice lipstick im recmmended
 Bobbi Brown has been my go-to lip color for years . It is consistently excellent in texture and color . No need to look any further .
 I have found my new favorite go-to place for lipstick . The color is great , and it stays on for a long time . I wish they had a hot pink , what a happy day that would be . I wish I had bought two .
 I would give it 5 stars if the `` Nude '' color name was n't so wildly off target . It 's a deep , dark pink . I 'm blonde with blue eyes and pink cheeks , and the color looks wonderful . Good texture.It 's just definitely not a nude color . : -RRB-
 I 've found it increasingly difficult to find this product , but I swear by this and the shampoo in this line . I 've got thinning hair -LRB- not severe , but noticeable -RRB- , but have had people notice and comment on it ONLY during periods when I have gone without using both products . Highly recommended ! I hope Loreal continues to develop this line as it 's really great .
 Only product I 've ever found that actually works . Tried them all over the years . Even tried Loreal Womens Thickening Mousse when men 's was n't available , thinking that 's where all the research & development would be ? Did not work .
 this is not like the other gels that weigh down your hair and are sticky . this is very light you do n't even feel that you have applied anything to your hair . it also holds the hair very well giving it the style you want with a pleasant smell .
 Works well with my very fine hair -- dries without feeling stiff or tacky.One complaint
 Probably one of the best products in this area of cosmetics . I hope it continues to be available .
 I would order this again . HOwever , note that all mousse products seem to get hair dirty sooner than not using them , at least , this is y observations .
 I had used both products before but recently could not find them anywhere as they were apparently discontinued by the manufacturer . I was happy to find and purchase the items
 I 'm usually not a big fan of nail polish - I type notes for class , and I can not stand chipped polish . However , I got a sample of Zoya 's Feel Collection in Kristen in my birchbox -LRB- which , by the way , I totally recommend . Let me know if you want a referral ! -RRB- , and I had to try it . Needless to say , I was blown away - I ordered the full size , as well as another color in the same collection.ColorI LOVE the color . My birchbox called it a `` cool neutral , '' and while at first I was skeptical that a blue hue could ever be considered a `` neutral , '' I now have to agree . This color is a nice blue with a gray undertone , and it really looks good with anything . It does n't `` steal the show , '' so to speak , but it 's different . I 'm normally a pink-only girl on my nails , so I was surprised that I was so happy with the color.ApplicationThis polish went on really smooth and easily . It was n't glumpy or too thick -LRB- really impressive when you consider that it does n't have the normal chemicals of most polishes . -RRB- I was a little surprised at first , as the color was a bit darker than it looked in the bottle - it did n't bother me , however , since I was n't a huge fan of the bottle color . It dried fairly fast . I used one coat -LRB- it was a sample , after all , and I did n't want to waste much -RRB- , and it covered each nail . I applied a clear top coat , just to help protect.WearIt 's been five days , and I only have one little chip - but that 's because part of my nail tore in the corner . This is really good for me . Normally polish last two to three days for me at best . I 'm very pleased with how well this color has stayed.If I had one little critique , it would be that it sort of seems like the color has faded a bit . I ca n't be totally sure if this actually happened or if my mind is just playing tricks on me , but there 's a chance that it 's a little lighter and a little less gray now . Overall , though , I 'm very pleased . This polish definitely deserves five stars .
 The color of blood , literally . Looks amazing on hands and feet . Lasts a while and applies smoothly . 1-2 coats give excellent coverage . Love it !
 To the company , amazing safe packaging and superfast delivery !!! Colors are semi-transparent and vibrant , kind of like a stain but for your nails . I would not vouch on it 's endurance though , does n't look like it is going to last as long as some might claim ...
 Very good product and love the color . It is almost clear polish with sparkles - great for holidays to add a little shimmer . I am allergic to formaldehyde and it 's great to finally find a polish that does n't contain this ingredient .
 This is the perfect shade of light pink if you like just a hint of color on your nails . This would work well as the topcoat for a french manicure , and it is gorgeous by itself . 2 coats work out great , but I think you could get away with one coat with no problems.I have a few bottles of Zoya polish and they are the most durable I 've ever used . Does n't show ANY chipping or dulling of color , and the color comes off very cleanly when you do want to remove it . It is far worth it to pay a couple bucks more than you 'd pay for a drugstore brand and have a product that is far superior .
 love this polish , its just like the picture . its blingy not glittery like little girl polish . just enough to be rocker chich but sexy .
 I could not find this shade anywhere because it had expired from OPI this is the same color that OPI discontinued it is on the blue side of teel but a beautiful metallic color
 This is one of my very favorite polishes , and I do own many others ! The Zoya brand is a low-toxicity nail polish formula , at an affordable price . It applies super smoothly and dries quickly to a shiny finish . This color &#34; Dove &#34; is perfectly named ... its a lovely light gray ... not quite as light as a true whitish &#34; pastel &#34; gray , but light enough to give a very &#34; fresh and clean &#34; look to the nails , if that 's what you 're after . It 's a full coverage &#34; cream &#34; formula that takes two substantial coats to reach opague coverage . This shade of gray is neither super warm -LRB- brownish -RRB- nor supper cool -LRB- bluish -RRB- ... to my eye it 's a &#34; neutral &#34; gray , so I imagine it would flatter a wide vairety of skin tones , and go with most outfits . I have very fair skin with warm -LRB- yellow -RRB- undertones . There is no shimmer to the color , but it 's nice and luminous . I 'd say this color is office appropriate as well , for all but super conservative settings . To me the color says &#34; modern and hip and creative &#34; yet also &#34; reserved and elegant . &#34; I 'm really fond of shades like this , that manage to be off beat without being wild or tacky . This shade will get your hands noticed though , so make sure your nails and cuticles are well manicured before applying , clean up any mistakes with a polish corrector , and apply hand cream after the polish dries . I used a good base and top coat as well -LRB- Opi &#34; Start to Finish &#34; -RRB- . My husband really loves this color on me , and he 's usually not one to comment on my nail polish . Enjoy it !
 I am impressed with how long lasting Zoya polish is . Hands down it out lasts and out shines Opi for me . I put nail polish to the test by working outside and constantly using my hands.with a base coat , two coats of polish , a top coat , as well as wearing my gloves while doing dishes or working in water , Zoya will last me the week . This week I managed to chip a finger tip and a quick coat took care of the problem and they look great again.My nails are usually thin and brittle , I have found keeping them polished with colors by Zoya helps them stay strong . They also remain healthy under the polish . I am sold , all my Opi Polish is being donated and I am a loyal Zoya fan from here forward .
 Very pretty reddish/plum color , very creamy polish and the color is great for the fall or winter/holiday seasons . Great price compared to other higher end polishes
 Bought this for my daughter and she just loves the color . I would suggest this color to anyone that loves medium blue color .
 I am reviewing Zoya 's color `` Jana '' from the recent Smoke & Mirrors collection . Jana is a medium shade of greyed up mauve in a creme formulation . The color appears a shade lighter and pinker in the bottle . When I 've applied two coats I see more grey . It 's a nice neutral for fall and goes on smooth and looks great with two coats . It 's not super shiny and will require a top coat if you want shine and to get longer wear out of your manicure . I type all the live-long day , as well as cook and clean and this polish does n't take kindly to such abuse . I have to repair minor chips after a day and usually have to re-do the entire manicure after 4 days . I 'm okay with that , thus the 4 stars , but if you like your polish to remain chip free for longer than a day or two this one may not be for you .
 This is my first Zoya polish and already I love it.I 'm usually an OPI kind of girl but fell in love with this color.It goes on nice and thick so you could easily get away with applying one coat.Perfect fall color .
 This nail polish stays on longer than any other that I have tried . Excellent buy !
 Love the color . It goes with everything . Has a nice shine and golden glow . Have used it for years and will continue .
 Loved this product . The color was what I was expecting and the quality of the nail polish is great . Look forward to getting more Zoya polish in the future .
 I like the Zoya Nail Polish , in &#34; Raven &#34; . . it needs 2 coats , which is normal for most nail polishes . It 's very black . . I 'm not sure its my favorite formula ever though . Nothing is really wrong with it , but for some reason I 'm not jumping over the moon for it . . its prettty good though and I 'm sure I 'll use it whenever I want nice black nails . I think I 'm going to try Union Jack by Butter London next though and I 'll try to compare which black is best .
 I wanted a light gray color and this fits the bill . It got to me very quickly . Very easy to apply .
 This was the first time I tried Zoya . It is a wonderful polish . Only needed one coat and it lasted a lot longer than I would have expected . The color is so rich . I am very pleased .
 This was my first Zoya nail polish . The formula was good - 2 coats for complete coverage . The halo sparkles were more subtle than I expected and it does require a top coat to keep the glassy-shine . All in all a good polish .
 Love love love this color ! Great product & high quality polish ! Seems to last longer than most ! Love it a lot !
 I am Asian , Light-Medium skin with a yellow undertone , and I have to say that I have finally found the natural nail polish color I have been on the search for in the form of Zoya 's Grace . The application is wonderful -LRB- no streaks ! -RRB- but it does take up to 3 coats to get , not bottle color , but some opacity . Anyway , I still love Zoya and their mission of non-toxic nail polish .
 I own half a dozen or so Zoya polishes , and this one , Ivanka -LRB- bright shimmery , foil green -RRB- , does n't quite live up to Zoya quality . Most look great in two coats , and the third is n't necessary , except maybe on a longer nail to make it extra solid . This color , while beautiful , absolutely requires three coats to get anything that looks close to the bottle color . It does n't go on streaky , though.The color of Ivanka is a bit brighter than Color Club 's 2012 holiday green , and unlike most other green polishes out there , so if you 're willing to do three or four coats , then it 's worth it since it is n't a color you can find everywhere.It 's hard for me to decide whether to give this 3 or 4 stars . If I could , I would give it 3.5 but I 'm giving it 4 because there really is n't anything wrong with it , other than needing more time and care than other polishes by the same brand.The seller I bought this from , Ultimate Beauty , shipped quickly and packed nicely , so no problems there .
 I have found this nail polish to stay on and the color is very nice . It goes on smooth and does not take that long to dry . I would buy this again and would recommend it .
 The color does not look like the bottle , closer to a greyish blue as opposed to a purple shade . However it is still a gorgeous color and I would still reccommend it .
 Nice colours but the ones i bought -LRB- ginessa / trixie -RRB- need several layers before I get the finish i want .
 Charla is amazing . Application is perfect . I personally prefer 3 coats for most of my polishes , this is no different for Charla . She is blingy and eye catching and awesome . Prepare for compliments :o-RRB- A known duplicate for OPI catch me in your net and Orly Halleys Comet if you are pining after either of these but ca n't find them or do n't want to pay twice the price for the same thing go for Charla ! Heck go for Charla regardless ; o -RRB-
 I do not know what other customers where experiencing , I got this product from Cosmetics Central , came on time in perfect shape.Usually , my nail polish lasts max 3 days , I use a lot of water and do some house work . This polish , lasted a whole week !!! I think as long as shellac I tried once . I used it as prescribed with armor and base coat . I did the manicure myself and file the nail a little bit.It 's quite dark but it 's in now , no?Hope it helps future customers .
 Wow . I finally found a polish that stays put . I bought the armor and the anchor , but never even use it . The polish is perfect all on it 's own .
 i found this nail polish in a pregnancy magazine , and though i 'd give it a try for health reasons , but even better than that , the colors are beautiful , they go on perfectly even , have high shine , and last at least 5 days ... even through endless hand washing and diaper changing . i highly recommend them !
 I got this as I heard it is safe for use in pregnancy . I was rather shocked at the strong chemical fumey smell still in it though when I opened the bottle . It still smells like normal nail polish . Application is great - I only needed one coat and it was really black . Its been on a week and it has n't chipped and still looks great . Not sure if I 'll keep using it though as it smells like there are still VOCs in there of some kind to make such a smell . But if that does n't bother you , then it 's definitely a great nailpolish .
 I got my nails done at a salon with this color and now I am buying it for myself because I want to keep re-doing my nails over and over with this color . I am enamored ! I get several compliments , but I do n't need them . I love this color enough myself to make me happy whenever I look at my nails even if no one else notices them . I am the type to use conservative nail colors , but this shimmery green is so exciting and cheerful ! I ca n't remember when I first got my nails done with this color , it has lasted so long ! I own over 100 bottles of nail polish and this is my current favorite ! I have never written a review , but this polish is so beautiful , I want everyone to know !! !! Thanks Zoya ! ! ! !
 Found this at Ulta after considering an online purchase of Zoya -LRB- after reading reviews -RRB- . Gemma is an army green color , and in the bottle , you can see the contrast dichroic-type effect of pale purple shimmer . However , once it 's on the nails , that dichro effect is lost . It simply looks like a shiny army green . I think that the difference between regular ambient light in a room -LRB- or outdoors -RRB- and the pale purple shimmer is simply not great enough to show a difference . If you 're looking for army green , go for it . If you 're looking for dichroic effect , keep looking.On the plus side , I did my nails last night and have spent about 10 hours typing since then , and they show no wear at all . Right now I 'm using OPI 's Natural Nail Base Coat and Top Coat , but I have the Zoya products on order -LRB- Ulta did n't stock those -RRB- . I 'm hoping the all-Zoya combo will give me a super long wear . I 'll come back and report in when this one starts to show wear , and also after my first all-Zoya manicure begins to show wear . So far , I recommend!Edit . Zoya took a really long time to ship out my stuff . My Gemma manicure lasted 10 days with only minimal edge wear -LRB- which only I could see ; people talking to me could n't tell -RRB- . I was bored with the color , so I went to Ulta and bought `` Sarah '' -LRB- a metallic red -RRB- and did that with Orly 's `` Top 2 Bottom '' base/top coat . So far this has lasted 5 days and is not showing wear.Of course the Zoya stuff showed up the next day . So I stripped the `` Sarah '' manicure off my right hand and used the Zoya Anchor base coat , 2 coats of Sarah , and the Armor top coat . This has lasted 4 days so far -LRB- no wear -RRB- . I 'm really impressed with the longevity of this nail polish . I used to be an all-OPI girl , but when their stuff started chipping within a day I decided it was time to look elsewhere . Zoya is now my top stop for new nail polishes . Just wish they 'd either ship faster , or that Ulta would stock 100 % of their products !
 Please stop complaining about the color of the product as it displays on your computer screen compared to the actual color of the product ! Anyone who has ever bought an item online knows the little disclaimer that colors depicted online are not always true to the actual color.In this case , the written description of the color along with the image were helpful in choosing this item . I was happy with the `` Riley '' color , and the quality was satisfactory , too . My `` wear time '' before chipping was about five days , as other reviewers already noted .
 I love Zoya polishes . This dark teal color really draws the eye and looks really great . It looks cool in the sun as well .
 this purple has the prettiest sheen in the sun its like pink and gold and the sheen is gorgoues absolutly my favoriiite luuuuvv ittt and the stayyiiin power is amazin glad i got it . oh and the bottle is a lil smaller than most nail polishs but way worth it , very unique purple
 I bought the `` cassi '' pink nail polish . I do n't really like wearing bright or flashy colors on my fingernails , so this was perfect . It gave it a nice subtle shimmer and a pale pink color . I just put one coat and it wore of naturally , rather than chipping . I 'm sure for a more `` pink '' color i could have added another coat , but one was just perfect for what i wanted . Good quality polish for the color . I had n't tried this brand before , but i would n't hesitate to purchase another .
 I love everything about this nail polish , it is easy to apply and makes for a great neutral . This is almost a one coat polish . I used two just to be safe . I adore the fact that it is a vegan polish . Great deal as well , this is very affordable and worth the money .
 I am thrilled to have found a nail polish with out formaldehyde and toulons . It is a great color for spring . I am happy with the product .
 This is a great color for Christmas . All of the Zoya nail polishes are worth purchasing . These are better polishes for your nails compared to others .
 Been a ZOYA fan for years ! Why ? 1 -RRB- Colors are vibrant , fun and sexy2 -RRB- Long lasting wear before any `` chipping '' starts -LRB- you get your $ $ $ and time out of ZOYA -RRB- 3 -RRB- Drying time is quick especially if you use Seche Vite Top Coat4 -RRB- Add Seche Vite Top Coat over any ZOYA color and you receive that `` WOW '' Factor5 -RRB- Did I mention the long lasting wear ? ** I mainly use ZOYA nail polish on pedicures I give myself . Color lasts a LONG time . When I do use it on my fingernails -LRB- which are natural -RRB- color lasts just as long or longer than Essie , China Glaze or OPI or any other over rated , over marketed and over priced nail polish . *** ZOYA has been tried and true to my toes for years !
 Great silver/white color that goes with any time of the season ! Quick to dry and easy aplication !! I would purchase it again !
 This polish wears great and lacks some of the chemicals other polishes have . The color is fantastic and will wear nicely into fall .
 I got this color for free from zoya.com to celebrate the 4th of July . It is amazing ! I only put one coat on and it was all I needed , virtually unheard of in the world of nail polish today ! I wo n't say all of Zoya 's products are as great because I 've not tried them but this is a winner to me . They now have a loyal customer in me !
 I have several of the Zoya nail polishes and love them all , but this color is my absolute favorite . I 've been wearing it in the summer , but it 'll be great for fall/winter .
 I bought this to paint my nails and occasionally my daughters , so I was looking for something nontoxic . It 's a beautiful color , goes on nicely , but still has some smell to it and does chip after a day or two . Overall , I like it .
 This color has a very beautiful and creamy appearance . The polish goes on smooth and even . I am very pleased with this purchase .
 Purchased my first bottle of Zoya in Poppy . Love , love , love the color . So summer ! AND it does not chip ! I cut the grass , wash dishes by hand , very physical work with my hands . Had it on for 3 days now and not even one little chip . Great price .
 I really like this color . I am a 60 year old caucasion woman and this mauve-gold color enhances my skin tone and is not garrish or too `` youthful '' . I would consider this color to be a `` warm '' color . PRU by ZOYA is one of my new favorites . I 'd never heard of Zoya before I went ` surfing ' AMAZON.COM for nail polish . Come to think of it , there has n't been anything that I could n't find on AMAZON.COM !
 I love Zoya nail polish and this is the best summer color ever !
 I know how fussy nail polish is to photograph , so I understand . However , I thought it was a pinkish hue when I purchased it . When it arrived I thought I 'd received a different color entirely , as there is no pink at all in it . It is , however , a lovely coppery shade , just not what I wanted . The formula is fabulous , though , and I will definitely buy more Zoya in the future . The ordering process was easy , and the polish arrived quickly and well-packaged . I will definitely shop this seller again .
 Very nice blue color ... very soothing on the eyes . Easy application . Great nail polish ! As expected with Zoya . Thank you : -RRB-
 The nail polish is first and foremost , gorgeous . I have been looking for a nail polish similar to &#34; Waves of Enchantment &#34; by Wet 'n' Wild , and found this ! I 'm glad that I found this on here , because the Zoya site wanted practically 20 dollars for this tiny bottle ! Other than the size -LRB- which I know the seller on Amazon ca n't do anything about -RRB- , this is perfect !
 This applies to all Zoya Nail Polishes.I purchased Zoya Nail Polish after perusing their large color selection . Their colors really are great - beautiful pigmentation , wide variety of colors , unique colors , etc.The application is n't as impressive . The brush does n't fan out like my favorite nail polishes . It goes on very thick . If you put it next to other brands of nail polish -LRB- e.g. , Essie , Butter London -RRB- , you can see the difference - Zoya tends to look a bit more sloppy.Is it worth it ? I 'm torn . I really do love the unique colors , but I would n't stock up on a ton of Zoya colors . I 'll pick a few of my favorites and deal with the coverage . -LSB- I will update this review if I notice anything regarding the wear and tear of the nail polish . -RSB-
 Zoya makes wonderful long lasting nail polish in beautiful vibrant and subtle colors . I am a real fan and have using this product for several yeats .
 Zoya 's Daul has really received a bad rap in the beauty blogsphere because of the color and opaqueness -LRB- they argue it 's too sheer -RRB- , but I never had any issues with this product . It 's not a one-coater ; I usually need two good coats to make it fully opaque . And I absolutely disagree that Daul is n't a good color -- I think it 's extremely beautiful . It 's a light purple shade with flecks of gold , which shimmers in the light and make your nails looks metallic . Oh so pretty.This nail polish dries pretty fast and lasts for a long time , especially if you use a top coat . I 'm currently wearing it on my nails and it 's been on for a week with no chipping.As for dupes , there are plenty , but none less expensive . I know Julep recently released one , but it 's more expensive.So overall ... love ! : -RRB-
 Looked a little prettier in pictures I viewed but a good quality polish and I will use this again . I would recommend this to anyone who loves a grey-like color .
 I found this color while getting a pedicure on Halloween and loved it so much that I ended up getting a manicure too , which I never do ! The color is beautiful . Just enough shine and sparkle with a beautiful dark tone . If was beautiful for Halloween and will look great for Christmas too ! . Year round really ! Also , I am a huge fan of Zoya . Their colors last . No chipping here !
 I received my nail polish quickly and was very happy with it , as I expected I would be . Zoya nail polish is long lasting and beautiful , no matter what color you get . `` Jem '' is a beautiful DARK maroon/fushia/red / purple shimmer . It 's VERY similar in color to OPI 's `` Shoot for the Maroon '' , but is a much smoother formula than OPI and stays on longer . I will only buy Zoya from now on .
 I first smelled this fragrance in a magazine tester strip and new I just had to have it . It says it is for winter use , and it does have somewhat of a heavy fragrance , definitely do not want to put too much on , but it is not quite as heavy as let 's say , Poison or Ralph Lauren -LRB- Red Square Bottle -RRB- it has a very sensual fragrance most likely from the mix of Jasmine , Patchouli , and White Casablanca Lily . I highly recommend it . It is not a citrus fragrance or little flirty girl fragrance , not really spicy at all ... It is ultra feminine and provocative . When I think of heavy , I think of my Grandma 's English Lavender . Which this is NOT.Norma > ^ . . ^ <
 Nice smell.The box looks very small . So its a disadvantage as I chose this as a gift item.but its nice
 Black Cashmere by Donna Karan for Women 1.7 oz Eau de Parfum Spray Great , you feel special if you , re wearing this parfume!Fast shipping to the Netherlands , great seller!I , will shop more often here .
 This perfume was a surprise for me . I ended up liking it much more than I expected . This is very much a warm lily scent . I can smell the amber , and I can smell the lily . The lily note is smooth , almost watery , but it 's warmed up by the amber . When I first put it on it was hard for me to imagine this being a `` gold '' fragrance - it simply smelled to watery . After a bit of wear , however , the amber kept the lily warm . Seeing the bottle , name , and description I expected this scent to be much heavier , but it really has a light , watery element to it . A complex fragrance , and one I liked overall .
 I love the scent of this perfume . It is exactly as described . I bought it `` scent unsmelled '' . I had been looking everywhere to sample before I bought it , to no avail . So , I bought it anyway . The notes of the scent were exactly as described and I am very particular about scents as I can not were anything floral , without getting a massive headache . It was shipped without a box , but because it was not a gift , that did not matter to me . The bottle appears to be full , but you can not see the liquid in the black bottle . It arrived promptly and not problems with the charges.A great purchase ! And unfortunately , I can not say that about all of my Amazon purchases !
 I 'm not someone who wears a lot of perfume and I never ask for it at Christmas or my birthday , but when I smelled a sample of this , I had to have it . I 've been wearing it over a year now and it 's absolutely my favorite fragrance .
 great fragrance . I was only disappointed that I did not get the pretty box that I 've seen this fragrance in .
 Introduced to this item in the hospital a few years ago , i still purchase them on a regular basis . Being handicapped and ill , they are wonderful for those days that you connot shower , or for a quick clean up after meals or accidents .
 These bathing cloths are great for someone who is bedfast or who is handicapped and has difficulty getting into the shower . They are also great for anyone who wants to freshen up but does not have the time for even a quick shower .
 After a hospital stay , I was given several packages of these for home use . Months later , we discovered they work just as well on our big dogs as on humans . We use them for quick cleaning of the dogs when we do n't have time for their regular tub grooming . After a long day , I use them to freshen my feet . We keep them on hand for ourselves and our animals .
 I take these in the car and on the plane for a quick clean up for my son . Wipes are good but this is really more like a bath .
 I bought these to use after hip surgery and was very pleased with them . The cloths are big , have the right amount of soap , and warm easily in the microwave . I used them in lieu of a bath at first , but now use them after working out or when I need to freshen up , but have no time for a shower .
 I am unable to shower every day because of back surgeries and these are quite handy . They can be used to remove make-up or clean any part of your body . I highly recommend this seller and product !
 I was shocked at the price I paid for this gift set I love the Thymes products but they are very pricey . I wish now I had purchased 4 sets ut the hand lotion will last me a year . If you like fragrant products which are unique and really make your skin look better the Thymes is fantastic
 I 've been using a person hairbrush -LRB- goody brand -RRB- on my horse 's mane and tail because it was cheap and readily available . I bought this brush on impulse to reach a minimum purchase requirement for free shipping on an order , and it 's one of the best things I got ! It works SO much better than any other brush I 've tried at detangling manes & tails without pulling out the hair . I guess Tail Wrap really does know their stuff !
 What makes this brush so good is that the bristles are glued directly into the wood base . Also . the bristles are straight with no knobs on the end that catch . I am SO tired of spending money on mane and tail brushes only to have the rubber backing on the bristles pull loose on the first or second use . This is the only brush I will buy now !
 I love this product . I 've used it for nearly a year now and my hair keeps getting better and better . My hair has n't `` gotten used to it '' and has actually improved in texture and appearance since I started using it . It smoothes frizzy hair without weighing it down and makes styling easier . It 's pricey , but worth it .
 This product is fantastic !!!! It can protect hair in the sun AND glamorize the hairdo at the same time !! My 95 year old Mother has the driest hair in America -- but Sun Shape moisturizes and puts a glimmer in hair -- IT IS REALLY UNBELIEVABLE !! Non-greasy too ! Do n't get me wrong , you do n't have to be in your 90 's to appreciate this cream -- did I mention it eliminates friz and can bring out a natural curl ? Oh well , just part of the good ol' days because it is no longer available ...
 This is the best I have ever used to recover fom the sun and leave you with soft beautiful hair
 I have been using this product since 2003 . Always purchased it at Whole Foods -LRB- dietician recommended -RRB- for about $ 22.00 a bottle . Found it at Amazon.com for less than one-half of that !! Brand and product are excellent .
 where are the products that zoom miami q told me I communicate with you to where they left the order
 agradables y variados olores de acuerdo a la ocasion . ideal para los hombres que les guste oler muy bien . lo recomiendo
 The colognes were bigger than I expected and they smell amazing ! My boyfriend wanted some good smelly stuff for Christmas , so I thought this was a good option because it gave variety .
 Normally i dont write reviews but this product is really good that i thought of reviewing it.It come as set of 4 all of them are good but the blue one is Okay not excellent.All other ones are really good and comes handy for travel
 I was worried that because of the price they were n't going to be good qualitity but I was wrong ! Got it for a Christmas gift for my brother and really do love the different smells and box packaging . Its a great gift for any young adult boy -LRB- my brother is college age -RRB- and not too expensive if they end up breaking a bottle or not using it ! Great to travel with too ! Highly recommend ! Also , it came very fast .
 I am very satisfied and happy because the product arrived just in time , attention and speed was great , I highly recommend them . thanks
 I bought this as a gift all the scents are great . I got it in just a few days after I order it I would recommend this product
 THIS IS FOR TRUE MEN . these colonge is the manliest colonge ever made in Man kind . It smells so awsome . And I where it everywhere I go . BUY THIS STUFF
 I 'm a Vietnam Vet totally 120 % disabled but the VA takes excellent care of me ... And back to Cuba that is one of best bargains on here so go ahead try all Four fragrances . you will love themall ... And about Amazon well I am adicted to Amazon.com i buy everything here . . Amazing Amazon.com you got ta love it ...
 I bought this for my husband for Christmas a couple of years ago and now I buy them for every birthday and every Christmas . He smells wonderful all the time and I have to refrain myself from knocking him down and passonately attacking him all the time .
 Handy for travel , the Cuba Variety pack is also an excellent way to sample some of the various scents from Cuba at a reasonable price , and since I enjoy most of them and travel 200 + days a year , I 've bought several , as well as larger sizes for home . I especially like the spicy Red , and the Brown and Gold wear well throughout the day .
 I love these colognes . I bought them for my husband and they smell great , they give him a nice variety .
 For years I 've been held prisoner at a Cuban tobacco plantation as the result of a business misunderstanding involving expensive cigars and the validity of supposed &#34; blood diamonds &#34; -LRB- my ass -RRB- . I ca n't complain too much , though ; The food 's plenty and the people are nice enough for kidnappers . Anywho , there 's this girl who lives just out on the other side of the village that I 've had the hots for . She 's the hottest danged Cuban chica I 've ever seen , let me tell ya . I wanted to see her but I was conscientious about my appearance and presence . I have the suit I was wearing when I went to the &#34; business meeting &#34; and all , so aside from the dirt and sweat stains on it and me , I 'm set in that regard . But I smelled something awful . The shower water here is hard and makes you smell worse than when you step in . I wanted to buy myself cologne but my captors confiscate it whenever I try to hide it . Then I found this product . I could n't believe my eyes , really . It fit my needs perfectly . The bottles look just like cigars so I can easily hide it within the caches of stogies on the plantation . Not only that , but they all smell really nice , too . I 'm going to put on the blue one tonight and I 'll head over to her house ` round midnight so as to avoid detection from the guards . Wish me luck !
 I am writing this approximately 20 minutes after opening the package . Overall , I am very satisfied with the scents and product . I am not an expert in cologne , but here 's how I perceive the four fragrances : In order of best to worst -LRB- though none of them were terrible -RRB- :1 . BLUE - Similar to a common , standard , and reliable scent that you 'd find at Macy 's . In other words , as soon as I smelled it , I felt that I had smelled it before . That 's not a bad thing in my opinion since a cologne represents you and you want to avoid really off-the-path scents . Even though the scent was common , it works .2 . -LRB- TIE -RRB- ORANGE and GOLD - GOLD is also Macy 's - ish but a little more unique . I 'd say it has a slightly `` heavier '' scent -LRB- hard to explain -RRB- and it also reminds me of a food scent I ca n't seem to place.ORANGE - is more light , citrus-y , and has some other tone that I just ca n't place . It is probably the most uni-sex scent of the bunch . It 's more unique than GOLD or BLUE and I keep finding myself going back to smell it .3 . RED - I 'd place this one last , but not because it 's bad . It 's just strong and musty . My first impression was that I did n't like it , but after a few more goes , I determined it 's something I would wear -LRB- just not as often as the other three -RRB- . I see this one as a riskier play ; a more polarizing fragrance.Lastly , one of the spays -LRB- GOLD -RRB- would n't spray at first . I had to keep pressing it , but all that would come out where heavy drop of the cologne . I actually gave up , but when I went back to it later to make a better tester , it started working . All four sprays have a look of high quality -LRB- stickers and caps -RRB- and come in nice glass shaped cigars.I will update this after my wife smells them -LRB- I wo n't tell her I 'm testing them -RRB- . UPDATE ************* My wife liked all of the scents . However , I would now place Blue first , then Red , then Gold , then Orange . But again , it 's all subjective . I would knock this product down to 4 stars , because it SEEMS -LRB- could be wrong -RRB- that the fragrances do n't last more than 8 hours or so .
 this product is great each one smells great my personal favorite is red it has a great smell to it i would recommend this to any one
 I bought Cuba Variety by Cuba for men to my husband . At first he tought it was cigars or chokolate but soon he found out what it really was . He was surprised of how good all four smells . The package is also unusual with 4 cigarshaped glassbottles .
 This variety pack is definitely worth it . It comes with different scents that I personally use . I use the blue scent on rainy days , which mixes well with the atmosphere , gold on regular days , red on hot days and orange on windy days .
 There seems to be very little distinction between the 4 varieties . But it makes for an elegant gift at a very reasonable price from amazon.com .
 Great product , I love it ! I will be ordering more soon . Excellent seller , Thank you .
 My husband had bought these earlier just to try the fragrance of a not so costly perfume . . I really liked the smell and the size of the bottle.So when I was going to my hometown and had to get some gifts which dont hurt my pocket too much , I got like 10 boxes of these.The blue and gold fragrances are particularly good.It says `` Men '' but the fragrance is more or less unisex . Its not too strong or not too sweet.Its size is actually a plus for me . . since I can keep it my handbag and use it whenever I want . I gifted some to my friends and even they like to keep it in their bags rather than carrying a bulky deo spray or a roll on.There is a variant of this which comes in a tin cylinder , but its a single piece so I prefer this one over it.But advantage of that one is , you can even gift a single one , instead of the whole box.One thing that was not so great was the pump of the spray . . I had to press it hard to get some good amount of perfume . But I dont want to reduce the rating because of that , as it could just be the case with my bottle .
 As you would expect , these do not last for hours like the regular colonge , but damn they sure smell the same . 4 1oz bottles for $ 8 is really good , considering they only lasted me a few months , i perfer Cuba Blue . They usually last abou an hour if you are in a confined space , and about 20mins if you are outside . Would reccomend for somebody who wants this as a sampler
 I PICKD ONE OF MY HUSBANDS FAVORITE . I LOVE THE SMELL ON HIM AND TO HAVE DIFFERENT ONES I LOVED IT .
 I LOVED HOW FAST I GOT THEM IN THE MAIL AND I LOVED THE PACKAGING . IT WAS A GOOD VALUE FOR ALL FOUR COLOGNES , THANK YOU .
 I have bought Cuba in the past for my hubby and son . It smells great and it arrived on time for Xmas !
 I received it two days after I placed my order , well packed ... The smell is very nice and the size is good ... Smell lasts ... For the price is a great purchase .4 stars because it 's not perfect but excellent .
 thhis cologne the very next day and i used it so quick . all the cigar tubes have their own great smell . good cologne and came in incredible time
 Very nice product . I really was happy with the pricing and the size of the cologne . I really like the box it came in . Will be ordering it again .
 Not only did he love the cigar look bottle , I hoped he could at least like one scent , but he really likes them all , and I love them all on him . GreatCuba Variety By Cuba For Men . Set-4 Piece Variety With Cuba Gold , Blue , Red & Orange & All Are 1.17 OuncesGift
 I love the smell of sweet tobacco and what could be better than a cologne with the scrumptious smell without the dangers of sweet tobacco ? :-RRB- I love this cologne !
 Classy package , creative design , four scents all suitable for men . I would recommend it as a good gift for someone who could use cologne but does not have very specific preference for scents ~
 This product is great . My favorite scent is the one with the gold band and I always get compliments when I wear it . I mean honestly without fail . Also , for the price who would n't want this in their collection ?
 Bought this set for my husband for Christmas taking a chance -LRB- never smelled the colognes before -RRB- . For a modestly priced cologne set , I was pleasantly surprised . The scents are far from ` cheap ' smelling , and are long lasting .
 My son loved the design , packaging , and smell of these colognes they were an awesome gift , I received them ahead of time and in excellent condition.I would definitely order from your company again.Thanks again for such wonderful service .
 My husband gave these to his groomsmen as a gift ! They loved that there were 4 scents in there and all of them smelled really good ! You definitely ca n't beat the price either !
 Great deal and great buy . The owners got the products to me in a timely fashion and I will continue to do business with them .
 I wanted to get some new scents for my husband to try . I had heard that Cuba Cigar was a good scent . This product gave me the opportunity to try 4 varieties . It was a great purchase . All 4 are similar with subtle under tones of spice . Fantastic !!
 A variety of Cuba fragrences for a teenage boy . He can wear a different one each day . For a social function , he actually sprayed a little of each one and made his own blended fragrence.They all sell delicious . No funky aftersmell that is usual in mens fragrences . Very fresh .
 Was very surprised by the fragrances . They are all different , they are all very nice . I like this product a lot !
 This set arrived safe & sound in its packaging . It was used in gift baskets for the holiday in addition with other products . I could n't be any happier for the quality & price of these colognes . In store they 're at least 12.00 a piece and I was able to grab 4 for $ 12 :-RRB- . They smell great & my nephews were happy . Thanks : -RRB-
 This products are good . They smell very good , specially the cuba gold . They make good gifts as well . Recommended . There is not much in the bottles they 1.17 ounces . Will definitely buy again .
 Make sure people know this is perfume -LRB- cologne -RRB- . We have a good laugh on Christmas morning when we realized that it was not cigars , but was cologne .
 This was a gift for friends that they live in another country but , the told me that enjoyed this colonge every day when they go to work .
 I bought this gift based on the reviews I read and this is the perfect gift for the cigar lover . The items do smell wonderful , strong spice scent to them , not flowery at all . This collect also wears well , even after several hours of wearing my boyfriend still smells great.The bottles also closely resemble cigars and do no look cheesy ! The bottles have a nice seal and spray out well .
 I bought this for my girlfiriend and she loves it . Other people have commented on how nice it smells so it must be a very good high quality product .
 one of the best hair dryer i ever used !! is lightweight , dry my haior very fast and it doesnt get hot in surface.excellet product !!
 Everything was as advertised . I have previously reviewed this order , however , I will reiterate that I believe the shipping charge was rather high , compared with the actual cost of shipping . Seems that the vendor charges shipping on each item and not on an order . Believe this is slightly unfair to the consumer . Consequently I might look for another source if I order this product in the future .
 Here it is
 I am extreamly allergic to things that smell and this product works very well with the smell thing not as great in the area of sweating but it does help . .
 This Almay product is absolutely excellent ! I was very disappointed when I discovered early after its introduction in stores that I could no longer find it ; I have a feeling it was just not merchandised effectively in the stores , being on the bottom shelf , not near the other gentle but high strength feminine anti-perspirants . It 's a great value , it works , and it 's gentle on skin . I highly recommend it .
 IT IS VERY HARD TO FIND THIS PRODUCT IN THE STORES/DRUG STORES . SO I HAVE TO ORDER ON LINE . I HAVE VERY SENSITIVE UNDERARM SKIN . IF PRODUCT IS TOO HARSH , I DEVELOP LUMPS . THIS PRODUCT IS HYPOALLERGENIC AND THE ONLY DEODORANT I USE .
 It is so hard to find . I looked everywhere from Northern California to Pheoni Ariona . -LRB- sorry about the spelling but I am missing those two letters from my keyboard -RRB- I buy a do en at a time and will surely order it again .
 The product is very good .1 . Hypoallergenic
 First of all , it 's not tested on animals which is a key factor -LRB- for me -RRB- . Also , it 's really good at keeping odor at bay . I 've never used gel deodorants before , so I was surprised at how well it works . I do have to agree with the reviewer Cer , though , in that it leaves white streaks on my skin once it dries . Sometimes I have to pick it off . Also , I do n't know if this is just the way of gel deodorants , but I have to dab at my armpits before I put a shirt on . Otherwise , the gel goes through my clothing and makes it look like I 'm sweating . Overall , a good deodorant , but I 'll probably switch back to a solid one after using this -LRB- for the annoyance factor of having to wipe my armpits with tissue before getting dressed -RRB- .
 I 've used this deodorant for several years , and it is the only stuff that works for me and does n't give me itchy underarms . I put it on thick and it can take a while to dry -LRB- probably dries quicker for women that shave -RRB- . Anyway , I 've tried several kinds over the years , natural brands , name-brand , this is the only stuff I can tolerate for more than a couple days . Most soap irritates my skin as well , for that , try Dr. Bronners .
 Thank you for having this product - I am allergic to so many deoderants and this one is very difficult to find - so I was extremely pleased to see that you had this product .
 This is a product I ca n't do without and only brand I have used for years .
 I purchased Almay Anti-Perspirant & Deodorant , Clear Gel , Fragrance Free deordant for my son . It is the only deodorant he can use . His skin breaks out with anything else . We discovered Almay when he was in high school and he has used this since then . He prefers the clear gel as it lasts longer .
 UPDATE 10/11/07
 I have used this deodorant for many years . I ca n't remember ever using a different one . When I was looking for a place to buy it , I saw several remarks from people like me who always have an itchy reaction to any other deodorant . I 'm glad I could find it on Amazon .
 This is a great product . I have tried so many products only to have the same result -LRB- underarms raw , itching , and burning -RRB- . I 'm so glad I tried this . Love it .
 This deodorant is basically a relatively clear gel made up largely of aloe . The gel is dispersed through four holes in the top of the container , and requires frequent twisting of the knob at the bottom for the mixture to come out of the top . The mixture is hypo-allergenic and non-irritating .
 Like most gels , you have to let this one dry . Though we like the solid better for this reason , the solid breaks my daughter 's skin out while the gel does not , so it 's the best option for really sensitive skin .
 This anti perspirant/deodorant is a real blessing for all of us who are allergic to the ingrdedients in most deodorants . The clear gel goes on smoothly without any white residue . Always let the gel dry thoroughly before putting clothing on . I have had irritation and allergic itching from almost all other deodorants/anti-perspirants but with Almay I am free of irritation and allergic itching . Some of the other deodorants were a slight more effective at preventing wetness but the itching and irritation is not worth it . Actually Almay is almost as effective at preventing wetness as the other more strong anti perspirants that I have tried . This is a great product for anyone who gets irritation , itching , or allergic reactions from other deodrants .
 My husband has been looking for a deodorant that does the job , but is not irritating to the skin . He found this and is delighted that he can acquire so easily ! Good job , Amazon
 This is my favorite anti-perspirant . I buy it in bulk on Amazon . The price is great and the product works !! I love Almay products and this one lives up to the Almay name !
 I love this stuff , and have sworn by it for years now . It 's seriously the perfect deodorant in my opinion . It keeps you dry and odor-free , the product is truly fragrance free , and does not leave residue on your clothing . I ca n't think of any way to improve this product , it 's perfect . I 'm sad that Walmart and Target stopped carrying it but so glad I can still find it on Amazon and at one local drugstore .
 This is a wonderful product that I 'd recommend to anyone . It does what it is supposed to do wonderfully
 I love this product , and was unable to find it in stores . It is perfectly hypoallergenic and does not have any of the white shadow problem .
 I have been using Almay Anti-Perspirant & Deodorant , Clear Gel , Fragrance Free for years . I simply will NOT use any other product ! I always suffered with itchy underarms from the build-up ingredients that most deodorants have in them and I was miserable . Going without deodorant simply was not an option though so I kept trying . Since finding this product I have had * NO * more underarm troubles . Things I LOVE about it : * No more skin irritation under my arms ! * It does not compete with the scent of my favorite perfumes . * It does not leave `` skid marks '' on my clothes . * It dries quickly . * It 's reasonably priced . * It works great!What more could you ask for ?!
 After developing allergies to practically every antiperspirant on the market , it was refreshing to find one that finally worked and did n't cause a rash . This clear gel goes on smoothly , dries fast and does n't stain clothing . Although I 've long used solids , it was work getting used to a gel formulation . If you 've had problems with allergic reactions such as rashes , irritation , itching and burnning , please try this product . Highly recommend !
 Almay Gel fragrance free is a very effective antiperspirant and it absolutely does not irritate sensitive skin . My husband and I both prefer this brand and he is very active all day .
 I have hyperhidrosis . It 's not something that I normally broadcast , in fact , I 'm not even sure how many people who are close to me know that it 's an issue.I have been searching high and low since I was about 14 for something that would help to make it even a * little * bit less of an issue . I have what is known as axillary hyperhidrosis -LRB- meaning that my underarms are basically faucets -RRB- . I have n't seen a dermatologist , but I 've done my research . Luckily for me , it 's a completely -LRB- unless I 'm exerting myself -RRB- odorless issue , so at least I have that going for me . However it does n't matter what the temperature is , what my emotions are doing -LRB- though stress does make it a little worse -RRB- , what I 'm wearing or even what I 'm not wearing.It 's always there , forcing me in high school to wear baggier clothing that did n't sit up under my arms . In college my clothing choices moved to sweaters . cardigans mostly , and usually of a color and knit that would n't make the issue noticeable . It 's what my wardrobe mostly consists of now . I have really cute tops and dresses , and cardigans to go over them.I have tried most `` clinical strength '' antiperspirants out there . I had been looking into Certain Dri , and went to my local drug store to pick some up . They were out , but I -LRB- as I always do -RRB- went through looking at the backs of all of the deodorants looking at the aluminum whats-its levels/percentages . I 've come to learn that more is not always more especially if it has a lot going on - fragrances , lotions , and whatnot . This seemed pretty basic , it 's whats-its -LRB- that 's the antiperspirant by the way -RRB- level was high , the highest I 've seen . I think it has 25 % Aluminum Sesquichlorohydrate . I 've tried everything up to 20 % which is what most OTC clinical strengths have . I figured on sale for next to nothing , what could it hurt ? If it did n't work , I 'd use it anyway and wait for them to restock the Certain Dri.Well , I ca n't say too much yet because I 've only been using it for a few days , and I 've had things work and then stop working before but ... This stuff seems to be pretty awesome . There is no fragrance which I actually like since I use perfume anyway . And the gel is great , though it does take a bit too long to dry on it 's own . There is no white on my clothing , and my underarms are almost 100 % dry which is about a million percent better than what I 've been dealing with for the past 12 years.What I do with it is this . If you 've ever read the clinical products ' instructions , they tell you to put it on at night so that it regulates with your body overnight . So , I put it on then I rub it in with my palm like a lotion . So far it 's been working great . Fingers crossed that it keeps doing so ! I 'm in a wedding in June , and I so do not want to be the sweaty-mess bridesmaid.If you 're young and have n't talked to your doctor about other options and have tried most other OTC things try this . It might just work ! Botox injections , and surgery , are so not a road I ever want to , or that anyone should have to go because of sweating .
 This is the ONLY antiperspirant I can use with my sensitive skin . My skin is smooth as silk using Almay . Great product .
 Just like a previous reviewer , I developed a reaction to every other deodorant I tried . I tried one `` natural '' deodorant , which was laughably ineffective -LRB- but did n't cause a rash -RRB- . My dermatologist told me about Almay . I love that it 's a clear gel and rarely ever leaves a mark on anything . It does n't feel slimy like some other gels I 've tried -LRB- Secret -RRB- . It works well , but during strenuous exercise I feel like I could use a little more `` deodorizing '' . I just hope they never stop making it because I do n't know what I 'll do !
 i am allergic to regular antiperspirants , tried a bunch of different ones . i can use this one without getting a rash and the odor protection is excellent .
 I have been using Almay antiperspirant for over 10 years . I love how well it works , without odor , or any negative effects . I also appreciate the applicator . Almay has three oval holes that makes it very easy to measure out and apply the product .
 I 've had this blush for forever and it is just amazing . I 'm such a huge fan . I just take my brush , swipe it down the middle and it 's an amazing blush for everyday ! It has such high amounts of pigments in the two colors you really do not need to have a ton on . A little goes a long way with this product .
 It 's good bronzer , but not unlike other , less expensive bronzers . I do like the product though . I wish the price was lower .
 Okay , maybe that 's a little dramatic , but this product warrants it . It is a little scary upon initial viewing -LRB- that 's what attracted me to it -RRB- , but once you have it on -- you 'll never go back!It 's a split blush/bronzer , and honestly both of them look great alone , but when you wear them together the colors blend beautifully . Besides for wearing it alone , I also blend the bronzer with just about any other of my existing blushes , because it really does work with anything.One of the things that make this product unique is the pay off
 the product arrived quickly and was as described . The product is no longer in stores so i was happy to find it on here .
 This Bulgari body lotion is great . I love the fragrance and it makes my skin feel so good . I recommend it , expecially if you wear the cologne or perfume in the same fragrance .
 This is the original packaging and just what I love . Bulgari has changed it 's packaging so now you have to use a bottle that is hard to get the product out of . I hope this is still available for a while .
 This scent is fresh and not too floral . It lasts for hours and is a great everyday fragrance as it is not too strong for the office .
 Ever since I smelled this for the first time in Ireland - I was in love with it ! I love that I can order it here ,
 This was a gift for my wife who was introduced to this brand in Ireland.She loves the scent and so do I . It is subtle and not overpowering . The product came quickly so I would recommend the buyer as well .
 I buy a bottle of this for my lady every year . She loves it and so do I.Not an overpowering scent . Nice and subtle . My lady ca n't handle over powering smellsbut she says this one is the best and makes her feel like a woman.I would recommend to any lady needing a great perfume or a gift .
 I first became aquainted with this perfume on a trip to Ireland in 1999 and have used it exclusively ever since . The scent is beautiful and conjures up warm images and fond memories of the Emerald Isle . I 've gotten many compliments on the scent .
 I love this perfume and this is a huge size at a great value ? Awesome ! Thanks so much for the product listing
 Inis Arose has become my favourite perfume , every time I wear it I am always being asked `` What perfume are you wearing ? '' It is light , fresh & fragrant , not overpowering but makes an impression . I have tried lots of perfumes but none compare to Inis . The fact it is not tested on animals is a bonus and also it is not too expensive . Ca n't recommend it enough . Buy and try .
 First let me say I am not a perfume person . Frangrances do n't typically blend well with my body chemistry , but Inis Arose is wonderful . This is the most versatile fragrance I have ever come across . It 's perfect for everyday and still makes special occasions special . Its france is light & clean with a hint of floral and it is definitely one that gets noticed . I 've recieved many , many compliments from complete strangers on how wonderful it is and I honestly ca n't recommend it enough . This is a great gift even for women who do n't typically care for perfume .
 I 'm not in love with perfumes to begin with . I prefer light scents and perfumes that do n't over power the senses , but I absolutely love Inis and Inis Arose . Inis Arose being my favorite . I was leaving Ireland and in the airport decided to do some duty-free shopping for a couple of people I knew that I 'd forget to buy for . Needless to say , I kept some of Inis for myself , instead of giving it away as a gift . I highly recommend both of these fine perfumes !
 All I can say is ... WOW ! This fragrance smells soooo beautiful . I also triedinis sea and that is pretty too.I literally ca n't stop smelling myself ; p
 I just received this fragrance and like INIS and INIS O ` R. . . it is amazing . I usually can not wear perfume or be around anyone wearing perfume because it causes migraines . But I have to say , these perfumes smell wonderful and do not cause me any migraines . I get so many compliments when I wear these perfumes . And I think Arose will be my favorite of all of them . It reminds me of my mom , who has passed ... and that comforts me .
 My wife is of Irish descent . I purchased this perfume for her to suppliment her other gifts from me , and she loves it ! It is now the only perfume she will wear . It has a beautiful fresh rose scent , very natural . No chemical odor like you get in many perfumes . She is very pleased .
 Everytime when I apply this perfume , everyone around me will ask what perfume is it ? smell so good . So make me very happy too . It is very worth it to own it .
 Love this fragrance , It 's like standing in a flower garden , early in the morning.The sent is crisp and fresh.You almost smell the dew on roses.Inis Arose Eau de Parfum is becoming one of my favorite.I grow roses and I know their fragrance . This is roses without that over sweet smell.Someone in a beauty shop said ; Oh , I am getting a faint smell of something sweet , what is that?It was my Inis Arose.Nice .
 One day a patient came into my office weareing this sent . I just had to ask what it was , and ordered it for myself . One of my coworkers said I smelled like spring . Its a nice scent that is not to overwhelming
 I ran out of the normal Inis and thought I 'd try another version . The Inis Arose is a lovely scent . It 's light and has a very true rose smell . It can easily be worn most of the year -LRB- maybe not winter -RRB- . But the only thing I did n't like about Arose was that my other Inis was such a unique scent . I loved that about it . The Inis Rose is n't all that unique . I feel like it 's really similar to a Victoria Secret perfume I used to have .
 This wonderful blend of citrus and flowers is perfect fordaytime use and is reminiscent of warm summer days . Itwill not fail to please . Enjoy .
 I was having lunch in a restaurant in Savannah , GA , in 2001 , when I noticed the waitress ' perfume and asked her for the name of the fragrance . While still in Savannah , I found the perfume at Oglethorpe Mall . `` Flowers '' has been my signature scent ever since . I am an elementary school teacher . When my old students visit my class and give me a hug , they always say , `` You smell exactly the same ! '' hahaha I have a VERY sensitive nose , and can not stomach most perfume smells . But this one is a keeper ! It smells wonderful all day and is not over-powering . It is just lovely : -RRB-
 I 'm totaly satisfied with this product . It is easy to spread and does ' t leave disagraeeable bad odor . That is n't sticky . You can get a very good and natural tan . You 'll love it .
 I have tried many self tanners and this is the best I have found . It gives you a nice natural glow , does n't smell , and does n't come off on your clothes . I love it .
 I just tried this stuff for the first time today , and I liked it . The spraying is quick and convenient . It feels sticky at first , but only briefly . It 's a bit smelly when sprayed , so I suggest applying it outside.Overall this is good stuff , but you can get it for cheaper in the store . I got it for $ 8.99 at Target .
 This product definitely did its job on Carnival Tuesday in Trinidad and Tobago for carnival 2013 . I forgot to use it and got burnt the day before so on Tuesday it made all the difference . I got the tan without the burn : -RRB-
 This discontinued product was found for my 84 year old mother who hasincredibly lovely skin with very few wrinkles.My sister and I believed her skin was a matter of genetics and that in our older years , we too would have similar beautiful skin!Then , she obviously forgot and asked me to locate this discontinued product!Highest reccommendations for this product !
 Outstanding product I 've used for three years now ! It makes your skin look healthier and brighter immediately .
 Overall I am satisfied with my purchase.The pros
 I recommend this product to anyone who has slightly dry skin . It leaves the skin with a beautiful feeling and slight glow . I put it right after I wash my face in the morning and then put my moisturizer on and I then can choose to put on make up or not . I do believe it keeps my skin in great condition and I have used it for more than 6 months . I surely do recommend it .
 I am fair , thus my skin is very sensitive and doubly so with Rosacea . This product has helped tremendously with the texture of my skin . I love it and would highly recommend it -- the price is worth it .
 I 've used squalane -LRB- another brand in the past , and , for the past 3 years , NEOVA 's squalane -RRB- for over 10 years , and it is the ONLY skin care product I refuse to be without . This oil is so incredibly light , and so beautifully absorbed that it 's difficult to believe it is an oil . It literally glides over the skin and immediately relaxes the tight feeling of dry skin . As I 've gotten older my skin is even drier , and the oil gives a soft glow that softens lines . It is an excellent base for foundation , and lovely alone or with moisturizer . I 'm 59 , and this is THE product for daily use .
 I 've been using Squalane for years , and the last company I used stopped making it . I was pleased to find another company with a comparable product . This is easy to dispense , and goes on smooth . My fine lines all but disappear . Perfect for the colder months . The oil does absorb , and does well under tinted moisturizers or makeup .
 Great product . Light weight cream rinse . Makes for shiny hair . Not a deep conditioner . Fast delivery . I would order again , even though the product is a bit expensive .
 I discovered this product when on vacation in California . I live in Texas . My baby has eczema and this product helps controlled her outbreak . I would recommend anyone to try it . I have tried a ton of different creams and this one works on my baby . With eczema , you will have to try out all different types until you can find the one that works on your baby . Good luck .
 This is the only product that truly relieved my daughters ' eczema when they were infants . The thick oil-based products that their doctor recommended did not work and I was not comfortable putting heavy petroleum-based lotions on infants . Little Docs was a wonderful find and I would recommend it to anyone . Now that they are older and the eczema is no longer an issue we use the spray lotion after baths and love it .
 My husband as very dry skin in his eye brows and beard . He does n't like moisturizers but , I convinced him to try this product and it 's the only moisturizer he uses for his dry patchy skin .
 Works better than any other product I have used . Does n't leave hair greasy or flat . I bought 3 more bottles
 I love the product ! I have used it several years . The order was quick and easy . The packaging was great and shipped on time .
 I am extremely fair skinned and have not had much luck with foundations in the past -- most colors are too orange for me to wear . I recently started using this foundation in the porcelain tone and have recent numerous compliments since having added it to my make-up regimen . The foundation is extremely fluid - and you MUST put it on with a brush - do n't use your fingers !!! One small drop is enough to cover my entire face and the brush ensure that is all you need - it really helps with blending . I have sensitive skin and have not experienced any breakouts while using this product . I do prefer the Laura Mercier silcone based foundation to this one , but this is pretty good for the price . The SPF is also a nice touch to have in a foundation . One other thing to note is that this particular foundation has a wonderful luminous quality to it . At a recent Christmas party , someone commented that my skin `` absolutely sparkled '' - and that compliment came from a happliy married man no less !
 Excellent product . I see difference on my face in only a few days . Eczana works better than the medication my doctor had me on without the drying side effects .
 I 've developed urticaria 3 months ago , and I 've never had this problem before . I 'm extremely dermographic . I get rashes that come and go , and any little thing that brushes my skin makes me itch and turn really red . The only thing that helped me was zyrtec . All of the other creams I 've tried just made my skin worse -LRB- turn more red and itch & burn more -RRB- . I ordered this online and received it yesterday . I did n't use it until today when zyrtec started wearing off . I could n't believe how it relieved my skin almost immediately . The redness started to go away within a couple of minutes , and the itching stopped . The places where I put it on still has n't started itching again and it 's been a few hours . I love it . I wish it was cheaper though ...
 LADIES AND GENTLEMEN . I USED THIS ON MY 11 YEARS-OLD NIECE AND IN TWO DAYS HERS SKIN WAS GOOD . THIS PRODUCT COVERS THE THREE S. SHORT , SIMPLE AND SWEET . TRY IT . IT WORKS AND THAT IS FACT .
 I have chronic eczema on and between my ring fingers . I get the little blisters that itch like heck and swell up , then dry out and crack . My derm doc prescribes a combination of Sarna lotion and a steroid . It smells bad and it 's expensive . My husband got eczema one year , but does n't normally get it . He had it behind his knees and in his underarms and around the waistband of his pants . He had it for a few months . He bought Eczana because it got good reviews , used it , and it cleared up . Whatever he reacted to , he never reacted to again . The Eczana helped the itching and redness . I , on the other hand , have not found a cause for my eczema -LRB- besides the obvious , jewelry -RRB- and I continue to break out on a regular basis . I accept that I 'll always have it . That said , I tried the Eczana for maintainence , and it works just as well as the Sarna/steroids for me . Not as quickly , but it calms the itching and moisturizes the dryness . It does not make the blisters go away . But the blisters go away on their own as part of the cycle , with or without treatment.Overall , I would recommend this product for treating mild cases of eczema , even on large areas of the body .
 My eight year old daughter has suffered from exzema since she was an infant . Eczana has been the ONLY product that has helped to clear up her skin and does not cause any pain as so many other products have . Through our experience with eczema we have found that every person 's skin is different and reacts differently to products , fortunately we finally found the product that works for our daughter . Unfortunately , you need to try many often expensive creams before finding the one that will work for you . So to the people who say this product does not work , bear in mind that although it did n't work for you does n't mean it does not work for others .
 I often get scared that they will discontinue my color . I 'm in my 40 's and have been using this color for about 10 years , regardless of the season and it 's always looking good . Glad to know I can get this online .
 This is my ultimate favourite lipstick . The colour blends with all shades -LRB- except pink -RRB- . It seems to be discontinued in Australia so was thrilled to be able to still buy it on the net.So happy .
 Have used it before , loved it . Wanted to get more and it was difficult to acquire . Very satisfied . Not sure I want to encourage others to get it though , might be even tougher to get next time . : - -RRB-
 This is my favorite and only fragrance I wear . I was dissappointed when they stopped selling it in stores , so was thrilled when I found it online . It 's still the same great fragrance and I still get compliments whenever I wear it .
 as I read 4oz , i thought it would be a small box , but as I said it was bigger than ti semm on the picture . really like the packaging
 My mother has always loved this perfume more than any other and it was her signature fragrance as I grew up . So glad I could find it for her again !
 I loved this fragrance as a teenager ; it was so feminine . I had forgotten about it , but saw it on Amazon and had to buy it to see if I still loved it . A review by a gentleman saying he liked it on his wife gave me reassurance . I still love it !
 I love Chantilly . I 've been wearing it since I am a teenager and unfortunately -LRB- fortunately -RRB- I am a middle-aged woman and still in love with it .
 I purchased this for my mother . This is her favorite perfume . A great perfume and a great price . Well worth the price .
 It 's my favorite daily perfume . The fragrance is not too powerful , but it evokes comments , even from strangers . I enjoy it .
 bought for mom `` s on her birthday , she loves chantilly , could not find this size bottle anywhere , went to amazon and found it and bought it !
 Great product , that 's why I bought it . Service was great , got the item in a few days .
 Personally , I do n't much care for the fragrance . As this was for my mother and is the only fragrance she likes , it is a wonderful product . Item came as described and quickly .
 Chantilly purfume has been around forever it seems . Amazingly , there are times especially after the holidays , that it is hard to find because everyone has sold out of their stock . Sometimes you can find it very cheap , and other times they are holding the price way up there . I love the scent , and if I happen across it anywhere , I immediately look around for my wife -LRB- which is a good thing -RRB- . The scent of Chantilly makes me think of her . It has a very feminine scent , and seems to last most of the day .
 A very soft gentle scent . It is the only kind of perfume that My mom can whare . This is one of the only places -LRB- other than on-line -RRB- that I can get this product . Highly recamended !!!
 Chantilly is a wonderful perfume . I have been wearing it for many years now and continue to love the scent .
 I have bought Chantilly by Dana in the past . I really like the scent & wear it all the time .
 This is a wonderful everyday perfume , I have been using it for years . It came in its original package and in a very timely fashion . Thank you .
 it has been more than 20 years that i use chantilly and i will keep on using it because it is all i want in a cologne . sweet , femenine , delicate . i just love it . it is difficult to find but i search all around until i get it and mostly buy at least 2 bottles at a time .
 have been using this product for over 30 yrs it is one of my favorites the scent is so soft even my granchildren love the scent keep this large size on line as it can not been found in stores
 My father has me buy Chantilly for his friend every year for Christmas . It 's the only scent she uses , so she loves receiving it every Christmas .
 My mom loves this perfume and I always get it for her for Christmas . This was an awesome price ! Quick shipment and in great condition !
 AS the day progresses , the scent stays mildly on you ... never is overpowering at all . Is pleasant and feminine , and does not remind you of cheap colognes ... it is very nice indeed .
 Alas , alack , oh woe is meI only want to liveTo thrive and multiply myselfI have so much to giveI can give you syphilisThe plague and leprosyAnd that 's not all , I offer youDiphtheria and TBChorus : I want to liveI want to giveDo n't use this productAnd I 'll come to callDial spells murderFor my speciesUse of this productIs my downfallYou only want me for my cheeseYoghurt and sour creamI break down all your sewageAnd your dinner in mid-streamI come in pretty spiralsIn comma shapes and spheresBut once I 'm living on your handsI feel that no-one caresRepeat chorusSo treat me like an animalProtect me from the foesWho use me when it suits themAnd then choose to opposeDo n't wash your hands with DialIt has a nasty smellSave bacteria todayAnd give us more cowbellRepeat chorus and fade.Note
 I have a newborn so I am constantly washing my hands . The anti-bacterial soap I was using prior to this REALLY dried my skin out , so bad that people would ask me what was wrong with my hands . They were cracked and burning , I even thought about seeing a dermatologist . I dealt with it for months and probably still would be if I had n't come across this on BOGO sale . I was n't expecting it to improve the quality of my skin , I just love a good deal!Not only does it smell fresh and clean , but after using it for about a week my skin was silky smooth and months later it still is . I 've never had a problem with the pump or with soap squirting across the room . As for the refills not being available in local stores , I do n't care . I will pay $ 4 per bottle for the rest of my life if my hands continue to look and feel like they do after washing them with Dial Complete 20 times a day .
 This liquid soap really does foam in the foaming dispenser . Saves money , too . One serious problem
 The idea for a foaming soap is to reduce the time it takes for washing your hands . Instead of trying to work on a lather , a foaming soap is already made up of soap suds . Foaming liquid soap is generally thinner and watery , or else it will clog the mechanism to produce suds . You can buy refills in bigger containers or -LRB- shhhh . . -RRB- concoct your own by mixing water and you favorite liquid soaps.Dial makes a lot of foaming soap products including Tone . A 7.5 oz bottle lasts a long time . More convenient than a regular soap for your powder room and sinks . It is also less messy than regular soaps . Generally one pump is enough to cover both hands . Just make sure that you cup your hands by the nozzle or the soap will spurt across the room . One wrong pump is all that it takes to learn how to use a foaming soap dispenser .
 My cuticle was just horrible , it was really dry and peeling off no matter what kind of hand cream I used for it . However , this &#34; solid gold &#34; just saved me . It works when the 1st time you use it ! REALLY ! Only a little bit gel is enough for 10 fingers , so this one can be used for a really long time , and it 's only like $ 12 or so , good deal . I love this one , and just writing this review to help other people to know this .
 I have really dry cuticles and the edges of my nails are so sensitive it causes my nails to chip and break . This Q Solid Gold has changed that . My nails are stronger , my cuticles are softer , my edges are healed and supportive on the nail growth ; You wo n't be dissapointed !!!
 I am so happy that I found Cubano Silver . It ranks right up there with the best colognes but at a fraction of the cost . It is very masculine , spicy and sweet . I would definitely recommend this cologne to friends and family .
 This soap is my favorite liquid soap and now i found it again on amazon . i 'm always amazed by the things i can find on Amazon . this soap smells great , mosturizes my dry skin , and best of all kills germs . this is a great product . i 'm keeping it in my wish list so when i run out i 'll beable to order more .
 I have used this hand soap for years . I love it . I have extremely sensitive skin and psoriasis , so I have to be very careful what I use . This stuff is wonderful . Non-irritating and smells great . Nice and subtle . The way I like it . I totally recommend it .
 I have four kiddos , three who are currently in diapers and I wash my hands a whole lot . Most soaps dry my hands out , but this soap helps to keep them moisturized and it smells great without an overwhelming scent -LRB- I have respiratory allergies and ca n't handle most perfumes but this soap does n't bother my allergies at all -RRB- . Even my teenage nephew who hates to wash his hands will use this stuff . Unfortunately , none of our local stores are carrying this soap , so I am glad to find it here on Amazon !
 If you have not tried colormark products do yourself a favor and try them . This is the only powder I use . Its soft and silky and does n't cake or add any color to your makeup . All their products are first class .
 This stuff is really expensive , but , in my experience , worth the price . It smells nice , it detangles dry hair -LRB- that is , you do n't have to wet hair to use it -RRB- , and it brings out sheen . I use it on knots and tangles when brushing my 5 year old daughter 's long hair and save myself many minutes of her crying and pleading to `` leave me alone ! '' Now that we have `` the green stuff '' -LRB- Fiorvanti No-Rinse Detangler in a green bottle -RRB- , she and I can get her hair brushed with far less pain and drama . Since the detangler is so effective , we use it sparingly and are able to make it last for a several months before having to replace it .
 The best treatment I 've found on the market ... Detangler , Shine , Conditioner ... I recieved it as a gift & now I ca n't live without it ...
 I have fine colored hare that tangles easily . This product is from one of my favorite manufacturers and is consistant with the quality and performance . /
 I have used this product for at least 5 years . I hate my hair when I do n't use it . It de-tangles and adds some body . I have fine thinning hair . It also adds great shine . Love it !
 My Girls love this stuff as they know it wo n't be so `` owie ! '' A fortune but we ca n't seem to live without it !
 I was happy with its consistency and effectiveness . I survived the Jamaican sun without a burn , which is pretty good for me .
 I 'm pretty white and it takes me an entire Summer to even start to develop a tan because I burn so easily . This stuff works great and lives up to its water proof claim -LRB- as long as you put it on 10-15 min before you start to sweat or get wet to let it bind to your skin -RRB- . I made it through a week in Hawaii with only a minor burn on my shoulders one day after snorkeling all day and only putting on sunscreen once in the morning -LRB- I think I had SPF 50 or higher -RRB- . I 've gotten many burns while wearing other brands of sunscreen . This is all I use now .
 This soap is a luxury . It lathers and cleans well , as most soaps do . The amazing part is the scent . I ca n't get enough of it . The scent lingers nicely on your skin . It also rejuvenates in your shower when you turn the water on the next day . The fragrance does n't smell perfume-y or even soap-y . It smells like the spicy aroma of quality cinnamon . All Pacifica soaps seem to last a long time ; this one is no exception.Why , oh why , did they have to make it a limited edition ? I 've been using thePacifica Mexican Cocoa 6 oz Natural Soapsince the Zanzibar Cinnamon disappeared from the shelves locally , but I still miss this one . If the price were in the single digits , I 'd swoop it up in a heartbeat . I just ca n't justify spending double digits on a bar of soap .
 It 's great to know where I can receive the talc that has been so hard to come by in the retail stores ... it can quickly and in perfect condition ...
 ca n't find it in any stores anymore . At least I can still find it here . Nothing beats the true rose perfume of this product !
 This perfumed talc has a pretty nice smell . But like the cologne spray it is not particularly rosy , although somewhat more so than the cologne .
 I ordered this item to go along with my Rose Milk lotion , Yardley 's English Rose soap and talc . Arrived on time , packaged great and SMELLS WONDERFUL ! It 's made in England .
 This is really good product ; sweet smell of roses and lasts longer also . great for daily use as well as for gift
 If you love the smell of roses , you will be pleased with this fragrance . Good longevity , too . Inexpensive yet smells like a high dollar fragrance .
 My wife wanted a Rose Perfume and could n't find any . This is a good buy and my wife is pleased I bought it for her . Just what she wanted .
 I love the fragrance . It 's an old time favorite that is still nice to be able to purchase . So convenient to be able to order online
 Fast shipping/service . I 'm glad to have found a supplier for this stuff since hardly anyone else carries it anymore . Thanks so much !
 Came well packaged and was well - received as a Christmas gift . For the time - being , I have no reservations about dealing with this company in the future ... Great Job !!!!!!! Jeff H.Cassidy
 I often get scared that they will discontinue my color . I 'm in my 40 's and have been using this color for about 10 years , regardless of the season and it 's always looking good . Glad to know I can get this online .
 This is my ultimate favourite lipstick . The colour blends with all shades -LRB- except pink -RRB- . It seems to be discontinued in Australia so was thrilled to be able to still buy it on the net.So happy .
 I do n't think they make this product any longer , but if it 's still available you should buy it because it is fantastic . Lightly scented , it cools off dry spots without making you smell like a granny . Also , made in USA !!
 I love this lotion for a lot of reasons . I like that it is not greasy and goes in quickly . I like that it is not too overly fragranced . It is just an easy lotion to apply , does n't sting on really dry skin , and does a great job.It is not for super cracked or deep dry patches , although with a lot of application , I 'm sure it would do a good job . This particular size is great for keeping in the car or on your nightstand . My feet and elbows are always screaming for a little moisture , especially in the winter.I have tried other lotions and always come back to Curel .
 This was a heck of a deal . The original formula is great . Not greasy . This size is perfect for traveling . Not too small . Lasts a lot longer than the smaller sizes available .
 I gave been purchasing curel for many years and i really love it.it is not greasy at all .
 I 've been using `` Vita K Solutions '' for dark undereye circles for about 6 months now , with some improvement . However , the circles were still somewhat prominent , and I wanted to try some additional remedies . After researching the `` best under eye circles creams '' , I decided that a combination of Vitamin K , dipeptide-2 , pamityol tetrapeptide-3 , and palmitoyl oligopeptide were my best bet . The products containing these ingredients were ranked highest among users for diminishing dark circles . However , the creams with this magic combination of ingredients runs at about $ 100 for a 0.5-1 oz tube . WAY out of my price range . So I came across this Under Eye Bryten -LRB- Compare to Hylexin -RRB- on Amazon.com for only $ 20 -LRB- as compared to the near $ 100 in department stores for Hylexin brand -RRB- , I decided to give it a try even though it was missing one magic ingredient
 I have gentically dark circles under my eyes . I have been using this for two weeks and have seen a lot of improvement . I am a 28 year old man who used to have to use concealer.I do not know if Vitamin K is something I need as well , which this does not have , but it has diminished my `` raccoon '' eyes greatly . Fixing the dark circles is a lot better than trying to hide them.The container is easy to use and pumps the right amount very easily . I would like to see how it compares to Hylexin if anyone knows please mention it in a review .
 The product is good I 'm starting to see some results after four weeks , I believe over all the product is good .
 I have used a lot of products , and while some work and some just do n't , I think this is a good product . I bought it at TJ Maxx for about $ 6 . It really helped to reduce the puffiness and it did lighten the dark circles under my eyes . I saw improvement after just one week . It 's not dramatic or anything , but there is a difference , and I have never used an eye cream before that actually worked.Check out your Marshalls or TJ Maxx , this product could help . I would not pay more than $ 20 , but it did show improvement for me !
 I received my item within a week . The box was in perfect condition and the perfume smells delicious .
 This tiny travel set has four products specifically for dry skin care . There is a cleanser , toner and moisturizer , plus a bonus deep cleansing mask . The all-natural cosmetic sponge can be used to remove the cleanser.When your skin feels tight and dehydrated in the winter , this is a nice `` spa treat '' for tired skin . Dry skin also has a tendency towards flaking.This kit has four products : Seaware with Rosa Mosqueta Facial Cleansing Cream - A hydrating cleanser that will gently remove makeup and impurities without drying out delicate facial skin.Rosa Mosqueta & English Lavender Facial Toner - A tingly toner with witch hazel.Rosa Mosqueta Rose Hip Moisturizing Cream - A rich moisturizing cream you might want to use over your entire body . I sure did.Jojoba Meal & Oatmeal with Rosa Mosqueta Mask & Scrub - I ended up using the entire container while in the shower . This mask and scrub gently clears away dead skin cells . I would not recommend it for very sensitive skin.Aubrey Organics products do n't contain chemical additives , mineral oil or artificial ingredients.If you have any allergies to coconut , you might want to check up on specific ingredients . Some of the products also contain Almond oil . I 've noticed that many of the products contain a Coconut Fatty Acid Cream Base . ~ The Rebecca Review
 I 've used this product since the 80 's so it has become a staple scent for me . Anyone that has crossed my path has always commented on how good it smells.I enjoy it 's fresh , clean scent so it 's nearly impossible for me to find anything else I truly like as much . As long as this product is continued to be produced , I 'll continue to wear it !
 This stuff has a an intoxicatingly intriguing scent that lasts for hours , and for me , Monsieur Musk is very effective for repelling mosquitos and blackflies . For summertime trips to the country , I do not leave home without it . I 've been using it since the early 1990 's , to great effect . While flies swarm around others , they do n't dare come close to me ! Avoid messy , oily , and unpleasant smelling repellents , and instead use Monsieur Musk .
 This product has a very pleasant aroma , not overwhelming but definitely noticeable by its distintive scent . Very masculine but not harsh . This is my colonge for life !
 This eight ounce cologne is an especially good buy . You can use it liberally , yet the result is subtle , not at all overpowering .
 Was glad to find this cologne . It was only available in spray for a long time and not available at all in the liquid form . I have a friend who likes to use this like an after shave . .
 I have used Dana 's Monsieur Musk for years and continually get complimented about it . Am told that it smells like I just got out of the shower , very clean . Am always asked what is it .
 Very nice lotion . Gave with Mrs Meyers hand soap in gift basket for Christmas gifts . I kept one set for myself . I love it .
 I love most of the Mrs. Meyers fragrances , but this one is especially nice because it does n't smell like a baby product , its soft citrus overtones are just lovely and the lotion is ... just like alllllll the other Mrs. Meyers products FABULOUS !!!
 I love that it 's Natural & Organic . Great for my skin & my babies . It 's very inexpensive when you compare it to a 8 oz bottle for $ 9 + dollars at mall bath stores -LRB- where the ingredients are healthy anyways -RRB- . You are getting a lot of great lotion for the cost . It smells like lemon grass . It 's soft , not greasy , but my skin feels very moisturized . I will be using this for years to come .
 And the only one that works ! Keeps skin moist for a long time without a greasy feel . Does exactly as promised .
 God forbid there be a skin moisturizer out there that I have not tried . Over the past 3years illness and multiple meds have made my skin drier than the Mojave . I had been using Aveeno 24 hour for the past year and been satisfied but not bowled over with its performance . I must say the same for my first foray into Curel . The best part of the purchase is my first use of an Amazon coupon along with free shipping really appealed to the shopper in me .
 I love to try new lotions , but have to admit that Curel really does a great job of keeping my skin looking good in the winter !
 I have spent countless amount of money on lotions that really did NOT work at all -LRB- like so many others -RRB- . Used Palmers , Gold Bond , Jergens , Aveeno , Nivea and etc. etc. . I bought this only two days ago and have indeed seen an improvement to my skin . I have had terrible and dry skin my whole life but this really does work . I still cant believe it to be honest . Looking at healthier skin for the first time in my life . : - -RRB-
 I use this on my sensitive , oily-prone skin-face and body . Never have had a bad reaction . With a faint hint of natural orange fragrance , it 's pleasant and not sticky -- absorbs quickly , yet is very moisturizing . A little goes a long way .
 Thought it is not noted , it is for extra dry skin , which is out of my expectation and very good . It is a little oily when you rub it onto your skin after bath , but it feels soft and light after a while . It does n't have any scent which is good . Still do n't know how good it is on healing . After all it wo n't happen over night . Good product .
 I usually do not use lotion , but after having scars from a knee surgery , I needed something that would both help reduce the redness of the scars but also help heal them . I was recommended to use this , so I bought it and after using it a couple of times , my scars were already healed ! It 's an amazing product , and it practically sinks into your skin as soon as you put it on , which makes everything easier than having a greasy residue . Great product !
 Most stuff that is touted for dry skin does n't even phase mine . I 've got mild ichthyosis and for as long as I can remember -LRB- 35 + years -RRB- my skin has been dry , cracking , crunchy , flaky , painful , etc. . It 's been somewhat controllable , summers being almost normal with the help of lotion , but fall/winter being completely miserable . Most lotions disappear as soon as I put them on , and definitely do n't last the day . That alligator on the Lubriderm commercial ... yeah . When I was a kid I used to rub petroleum jelly on my skin at night in the winter to help -LRB- doctor 's suggestion -RRB- . No fun being greasy all night but it helped to some degree.ANYWAY , recently my girlfriend found this for me . It 's a miracle . Seriously this is the first time ever that I have an idea what it 's like to have normal skin . It only took about a week of every day use -LRB- after a shower -RRB- to have my skin feeling smoother and flexible . After a couple weeks now , I do n't have the flaking issues any more , water in the shower actually runs off my skin now , and best of all it 's very reasonably priced . I ca n't tell you how thrilled I am , especially with winter coming on and the air being dry . I wish I could give it 10 stars!If you do n't have excessively dry skin this stuff is probably overkill for you and might feel greasy . If you 're like me , you want it a little greasy or it will vanish as soon as you put it on . Let me clarify though , it 's not like `` clothes stick to your skin '' greasy , it rubs in well but still sticks with you through the day . If you 've rowed through lotions like I have you know what I mean , some vanish and some leave you feeling , well , greasy but not lubricated or supple . I 'm usually a pessimist when it comes to manufacturers claims , but I believe what they have on their label after using this for a couple weeks.It 's got a slightly odd smell as soon as you put it on -LRB- acidic is the only way I can think to describe it -RRB- but that 's gone almost immediately after you rub it in . Does n't burn or sting or have any other oddities I can think of.Bless you Curel !!!
 I love this stuff for what it did for my son . He suffers from Eczema , he was on a steroid cream that was not only expensive but his dermatologist said would cause his skin the become thin . He recommended that we stop using the steroid cream , I was upset because I knew he would be in pain and discomfort all the time . I bought a bunch of moisturizers and luckily found Curel Ultra healing , they make another that 's very simular , make sure it says ultra healing . I use it on him once to every other day , if we forget to apply it and he gets a bad spot we apply some in the morning and again before bedtime and within two days you can see it getting better . Please try this stuff if you or your child suffers from eczema . Thank you Curel .
 I have a couple of these around the house . It 's the best lotion I 've found that does not make me break out and is very hydrating . I 'm extremely careful about what I apply on my face , specifically in the chin area because that is where I am most sensitive -- If I 'm going to break out , that is the spot.It 's listed on the back that it will `` not clog pores '' and is `` gentle enough to use on face '' . It absorbs quickly and has been my go to lotion for years now . It barely has a scent just a hint of orange oil if you really concentrate . My boyfriend is happy to use it because it 's not a girly product , its just straight basic lotion . I dab it on my nails to soften cuticles , apply it to a blemish and find its soothing and takes the red out . Slather it on your feet and put on some socks . This stuff is multi purpose and my absolute favorite .
 I love this lotion for my extra dry skin . I gave four stars because it states that it `` helps heal and protect extra-dry skin '' . I have been using this lotion for months now and I do not feel like any healing has taken place . It moisturizes my skin for the day or my hands in between washes . Nevertheless , it is a great lotion option for regular use - just do not expect healing as this product claims .
 I 've suffered with eczema my entire life and I 've tried everything including strong prescription ointments and creams , prescription antihistamines , herbal remedies , drugstore lotions and everything else you could imagine . But nothing worked , some even made my skin worse . And this was always frustrating because my face was always the part of my body affected most by my eczema and my embarrassing skin was always the first thing people would notice when talking to me . Recently my skin flared up dramatically . I woke up with eyes swollen shut and my skin was scaly , dry , crusty , oozing , cracked , scabbed , bleeding , red , irritated , burning , itchy , chapped to the point where I could n't open my mouth to eat because my lips and the area around my lips would crack open and bleed and this lasted for days while I searched , once again , for a miracle cure . I stumbled upon this product expecting nothing , but now , on the fourth day of using this product , I know I 've found my miracle cure . Anyone with eczema as bad as mine on their face just yearns to have normal skin and I finally have it because of this product . My skin is healthy and moisturized . I honestly ca n't believe it .
 After just a few minutes of applying , this lotion is almost unnoticeable . I do n't get that greasy feeling , nor does it feel too watery like some lotions . It does a very good job of relieving dry skin .
 In a meeting at work , we were all discussing products that we are advocates for to our friends and family . A female co-worker mentioned how she recommends her Curel Ultra Healing lotion to people after she had issues with dry hands , especially in the winter . Worked well , stayed effective for hours , but never greasy . Then all the women in the office were going to her to try it that day . With my dry hands in the winter - they get red and splotchy - my lotion clearly was not enough , so I had to try it . I bought the big bottle that weekend at my local supercenter and have stuck with it ever since . I only put it on at night , one pump for my hands and elbows , and my hands have been great . I always take a small tube to travel , and keep one at work for problems in the winter.I have since recommended it to others , and people love it when they come visit and borrow my lotion . They find that a little goes a long way with this as well , compared to many others.This is one of the few products where I did n't use what my mom recommended , and have since gotten her to test it out !
 All classic Curel lotions -LRB- including Ultra Healing -RRB- are more like cream than lotion . When you put it on your skin , you can feel the hydration right away and you do n't need to put a lot . Other newer formulas tend to be more like watered down versions . I like both Original and Ultra Healing but I prefer Ultra Healing a little bit more .
 I 've tried so many body lotions over the years , I 've lost count . Every time I finished the bottle , I 'd buy a different kind because it either smelled bad , smelled too much , was too greasy ... did n't moisturize enough ... or ... ad nauseum.Recently , I stumbled on this particular offering from Curel . For some reason , this one clicked . Finally - a keeper ! Moisturizes nicely on my legs , hands , and arms , sinks in pretty quickly , and has no greasy feel . You do n't need much - it lasts a long time!Also -LRB- and this is BIG for me -RRB- -- I 'm very sensitive to most scents and use them not at all or quite sparingly - and I really like the smell of this stuff . It has a VERY light scent reminiscent of something almost lemony when first applied , then fades gently away . If you 're like me and react to creams , potions , and lotions with overly heavy perfumes which linger far too long -LRB- some stuff has actually triggered headaches and nausea -RRB- , this may be worth trying.For the first time ever , I actually will buy another bottle of the same lotion when it runs out !
 This lotion is amazing . . my skin is dry and scaly as a snakes skin but after using this lotion its softer than a babys bottom !
 I have this soap in my bathroom and I absolutely love the scent . I can always tell when my husband washes his hands because I can smell the lavender when he gets near me . The dispenser allows just enough soap to squirt out without draining a quarter of the bottle , and one squirt is enough for good lathering . I wish this was a tad bit cheaper , but it 's worth it .
 The Method hand wash is thick enough that one pump will do the job and the aroma is excellent . The only true lavender hand soap on the market . Well worth the price .
 I like this soap , it is strong and has a decent scent . It dries my hands too much and I do n't use it very much .
 Very strong smell , does n't take much to get the job done and leave the entire bathroom smelling like lavender . Kind of harsh on my hands , but lotion helped and a lot of other soaps have been harsher.Overall , good . No problems with leaking or delivery . Oh , but to get the pumps working I had to pull off the top and then stick it back on , for a few of the bottles at least . -LRB- I 've had to do this with other things before , so maybe it 's normal ? -RRB- As a side note , if you wash your hands for the full 20 seconds -LRB- four deep breaths -RRB- , that 's supposed to be just as good as antibacterial handsoap , without any of the chemicals .
 I just love the soap itself . I looked for months to find an affordable and authentic lavender hand soap.I am not at all disappointed with the product itself and look forward to the lovely scent each time I wash my hands . The problem I have is with the dispenser itself . Out of the six bottles in my order , there are only two in which the pump device turns to the open position . It is annoying that I will have to switch the pump to another bottle in order to use or pour the soap from a new bottle into the old . Anyway , I do love the fragrance and the price was good .
 I am allergic to perfumes plus have sensitive skin . But , I discovered that I can use this without any reaction to the scent or getting rough , dry , itchy skin . It 's great .
 I enjoy various Method hand washes and have used them since 2005 . They clean well , do n't dry out my skin and they look nice . I can catch them and refills on sale locally pretty easily . However it never fails that a dispenser pump will break or stop working . For replacements , I 've called Method 's Customer Service at -LRB- 866 -RRB- 9-METHOD or -LRB-866-RRB-963-8463 . They 're available weekdays from 8:30 am to 5:30 pm PST ... Method stands behind it 's products !
 Fast dilivery :-RRB- I love buying product in bulk . This soap was and is perfect for my household . The smell is wonderful to . Thank you
 We redheads have sensitive skin and this French Lavender Hand Soap has been the best . No winter hands dryness here ! The whole family enjoys this soap for everyday use and the fragrance is soothing to the senses .
 Method Lavender Hand Soap smells like a terrific sachet - aromatic , clean and natural . The lather is thick and a little goes a long way !
 Methods french lavender is difficult to find in stores - hence online . IT works wonderfully well and the aroma is truly lavender . so pleased with it including the container which looks elegant .
 This product has an intense -LRB- but not too intense -RRB- natural lavender smell , that even lingers in the air for a couple of minutes after you have used it . Everybody loves it ! And it 's also gentle with the skin .
 I think this and all other Method products are wonderful ! Not only are they environmentaly friendly , which is very important to me , the products also have superior cleaning properties measured against everything else I have ever used . I have even given away bottles of cleaner to friends as gifts ... It is that good !
 We love Method products . From the design of the bottles to their commitment to being earth-friendly . I would love it if we could find a disinfecting foaming hand wash ... Other than that , it is great .
 Great smelling hand soap ; cleans great & rinses well ; nice looking bottle . Love the fact that it 's not tested on animals and is biodegradable , as are all Method products !
 I 'm a guy . So it has everything I 'm looking for in a no frills hair dryer . It comes with a concentrator so I can blow dry the sides of my head more effectively . It has a loop to easily hang on the wall . Though , I had hoped that the loop was larger . The handle folds , which is nice . But technically , it does n't fold . It twists , which is annoying , but does the job . Also , the concentrator clicks in , so that 's another plus . Again , it 's not perfect , but its ' close .
 Love the color , style , and dry speed of this dryer ... My hair feels so soft when I am done blow drying it straight ! : -RRB-
 This is my second Conair Infiniti Tourmaline hair dryer . The first one held up well so when it died I wanted another one of the exact same model.When I first bought this hair dryer I figured it would be about the same as any other hair dryer . However , this is the best hair dryer I 've ever used . It dries my hair more quickly than a regular hair dryer and leaves it less frizzy .
 My teenage daughter loves this dryer for her long , straight hair . It gets the job done quickly in the morning without leaving her with frizzy , overly dry hair . It 's lightweight and a pretty color to boot !
 My wife bought this hairdryer.This is a powerful hairdryer . There are two settings ... Low and High.The low is very low and the high is very high . I wish there was one setting in between . The good thing is that it comes with a diffuser which makes the very high setting more practical .
 We bought this for our new &#34; walk-in &#34; Tub and they are great . Let the jets sooth you into a nice comfortable state of mind .
 I purchased these bath crystals to use during my pregnancy . I probably used them 3-4 times a week for 10 weeks . They are simply amazing . The smell is great and they are very relaxing . I would recommend them to anyone who likes to take relaxing baths .
 Works wonders and a little goes a long way , wonderful smell and extraordinary feel , from a well trusted source , and reasonable price .
 This product has a very strong , slightly medicinal , non-cloying , therapeutic scent . With notes of eucalyptus , Rosemary , & lemon it is perfect for cold & flu aches , exercise aches , & everday muscle aches.The scent additionally helps open up your nasal & chest passages if you 're congested . If you 're not a fruit & flower kind of person , you 'll love the scent . Be sure to keep the can outside of the bathroom . Even the slightest exposure to moisture causes it to rust . The lids can be inconvenient to open , unless you keep something nearby to pry the it open . My solution is never closing the lid all the way ... Sometimes the larger crystals do n't break down all the way & can be kind of uncomfortable to sit on in the bath tub , as they tend to be rather sharp.Bottom line
 Bought this for my wife , and well it has dissapeared , she has used it up , looks like I am headed back to the store . I would buy this again . I dont know of any Cons .
 I sent this to my mom for Mother 's Day with a gift message which read `` Go relax . '' She works SO hard . She loved the smell and definitely felt better after the soak . So I say if you are a bath salt guru take a dip with Burt and chiiiiill .
 I love these bath crystals , tired/sore muscles . . these work great to relax them ... Strong Eucalyptus smell clears nasal passages tooo !!
 This product was just what I needed-I work out up to two times a day at times and really wanted something to help speed up my recovery and this product did the trick-After soaking in the tub for about thirty minutes , I felt rejuvenated and my joints seemed to be nice and warm as well as my muscles felt relaxed and ready for more abuse-On a side note , I slept for 8.5 hours that night-I usually sleep maybe 4 to 5 hours and just wake completely up-highly recommend this product to anyone looking for a quick form of relaxation
 This is a nice treat/reward for me after going to yoga/running . Like other reviewers have said , do n't leave this on the tub - the bottom will rust and leave a ring . Yes , I , too , have noticed it tingling my legs -LRB- but nowhere else -RRB- , but it dissipates quickly . Does it `` penetrate '' and reduce lactic acid ? Who knows ? Somedays I feel less sore and some days I do n't . Regardless , a hot bath with these crystals motivate me to workout , so that in itself is priceless ! : -RRB-
 What is so very wrong with people smelling the salts so closely that they are `` burning their nose '' ? And the comments that the tin -LRB- so unique and special -RRB- is rusting the tub -LRB- which is easy to remove -RRB- . Use the salts and put the tin on your counter top before you step into this great stress reliever . I had injured my back badly and have used this product for over two years and find it to be wonderful and affordable . At just $ 10.00 try it for yourself . I run a business and have no time to comment on products but my daughter found some of these reviews . Also a note . There has never been a time that these salts did not dissolve easily . Try it you will love it .
 The container is hard to open . Just by looking at it you can tell they it is one you have to pry open . When I got it open I was a little worried about the smell but figured I would try it anyway . I love the smell of eucalyptus , but that really is not something I want to smell like . It is pungent concentrated , but when added to the bath the smell is it very mild.I ca n't even detect a hint of the eucalyptus on me after my bath . When I poured the salt into my bath i put it right under the faucet and it mostly dissolved . The bottom of my bath tub was gritty like there was sand in it , but I did n't really mind . As far as moisturizing goes I would describe these bath salts as subtle . I overall enjoyed this product and found it to be very pleasant .
 Love this product . Be careful to not use more than 2 tbls . Can be too strong and make your skin irritated . It recommends 1-2 tbls . Great fragrance and feels great in the bath . However , it 's not going to do much to hydrate your skin . Not much oil in it . That is good or bad depending on what you 're looking for . You can always add some drops of almond pit oil if you 're looking for more moisturizers .
 I bought this product for myself due to sore muscles and back aches . It 's a strong mentholating aroma that 's soothing as well . It 's a bit pricey , but comes in an attractive metal canister and would make an good gift for someone who enjoys the spa or just plain relaxing in the tub .
 This product is very easy on the skin and can be used buy pretty much anyone .
 I love these bath crystals ; a long soak with the smells of lemon , eucalyptus and rosemary leaves me ready to get back to my life . Preferences in smells are certainly personal -- for those of us who find most floral scents cloying and too sweet , this is heaven .
 There is comfort in the scent of lemon . Perhaps it reminds us of summer days and lemon meringue pie or the simple pleasures of zesting a lemon . This formula also contains rosemary oil and eucalyptus.Ingredients
 I received Burt 's Bees Therapeutic Bath Crystals - 1 lb as part of a Burt 's Bee 's grab bag assortment directly from Burt 's Bees and loved it ! This was a surprising find as it really did seem to have therapeutic properties and left me feeling refreshed after a hot soak . I have fibromyalgia so I 'm always on the look out for products that ease some of the symptoms I deal with on a daily basis . This product is one I will add to my arsenal and encourage others to do the same . -LRB- * NOTE
 This product works absolute wonders on sore muscles . I use it after strenuous workouts or anytime my muscles ache . It affects a very noticeable difference , and 99 % of the time my muscles do not hurt anymore by the time I get out of the bath . That is awesome !! It also works great when I have a sore neck , which I get occasionally simply from being at the computer too much . It has a lemony-menthol type of smell to it , which I do not find offensive , but as others have noted it was not intended to be a `` foo foo '' , perfume-laden bath product . I have yet to find any other soak , salts or lotion that work as well on sore muscles as this product does .
 There is comfort in the scent of lemon . Perhaps it reminds us of summer days and lemon meringue pie or the simple pleasures of zesting a lemon . This formula also contains rosemary oil and eucalyptus.Ingredients
 My husband and I love this product and hate to run out of it . He even takes it on vacation with us . It really helps with tired sore muscles . He likes it better than sitting in a hot tub . It 's hard to find in the stores where I live so I have to buy it on line . We have not been able to find another bath product that helps as much as this one does .
 I 've used this product several times already in my bath . It works wonders . I plan on buying more when this jar runs out .
 I have been using this product for 4 years , ever since I received a free sample . Previously , I had tried multiple products to relieve my extreme dry skin on my feet to no avail . I personally recommend this product . Well worth the price to prevent cracking heals and calluses . I have been buying from Amazon for quick , safe delivery and no problems with non-shipments or risk to my credit card .
 I have been using this product for 4 years , ever since I received a free sample . Previously , I had tried multiple products to relieve my extreme dry skin on my feet to no avail . I personally recommend this product . Well worth the price to prevent cracking heals and calluses . I have been buying from Amazon for quick , safe delivery and no problems with non-shipments or risk to my credit card .
 Well , this honey has a really good strawberry smell , but actually it didnt fix very much in the hair , and makes it a little heavy ...
 use about a quarter size dollop and run thru wet hair and then blow dry ... will help smooth out slightly kinky hair -LRB- my hair has more grey in it now and appears slightly wiry while still being fly away hair even though it is colored . Also helps with humid days ... use more if hair is thick -- leaves hair polished looking without weighing it down and keeps it from being fly-away frizzy
 When applied to wet hair the product tames frizzes well . Do n't use too much or a build up will surface quickly . Not so great on dry hair .
 This product is exactly what I was looking for and at the same price -LRB- with shipping -RRB- that I would have paid at the store . The product itself is amazing and gives my hair a great shine and it dries so great feeling soft with a light sweet smell to it . Absolutely one of my favorite products ! It came very quickly in the mail and I 'm happy with this purchase .
 This is one of the best products I 've found for keeping my naturally curly hair soft , frizz-free , and `` touchable . '' I love hair products and always like to try new ones , but this one is by far the best I 've ever tried . Have been using it for several years . Best price I 've found is on amazon -- much cheaper than buying at the salon !
 This came to me recommended by my hair stylist . I have curly , frizzy hair that i regularly straighten . Along with the S Factor deep conditioner , my hair is silky and smooth .
 I 've been using this stuff for about four years now , and my hair has never been the same . There is a noticeable difference for when I do use it and when I do n't . It makes my hair soft , touchable , manageable and shiny . Not to mention that the smell of it is amazing . This vendor got it to me very quickly , and I was 100 % satisfied with their services .
 I have been using Smoothing Lusterizer for 3 years now ... I use the Subscribe and Save and get it every 6 months . I have very long hair and without it can not get a comb through it after washing without this product ! For me to keep using the same product for this long it must be good ! I try and try to find something better or less expensive but can not ... this is a wonderful product !
 I am addicted to this stuff !!! Not only does it smell better than any other product ever created , but it makes your hair so soft , so shiny and sooo awesome !! My stylist used to use this stuff on me over the winter because I has such a static problem with my hair . I ended up buying it on my own and fell in love . It smells and works great . You only need a little amount and it definitely helps with humidity , static , frizz , dryness and dullness . Get this product ! Whenever I mention it to my girlfriends they moan with excitement ! I do n't know any other hair product that creates a response like that ! ; -RRB-
 The lady that cut my hair used S Factor Smoothing Lusterizer to style my hair and I had to buy it!This stuff works great and smells awesome ! My hair has never looked better . Since I have started using this I have received a lot of compliments about how good my hair looks.I can not believe that after all of these years of looking , I have FINALLY found something that controls the frizz in my hair.Awesome product !
 My salon was encouraging me to have a $ 350 Keratin hair treatment to smooth my frizzy hair , and when I decided not to get it -LRB- $ 350 !?!?!?!?! -RRB- my stylist suggested S Factor . She mixed it in her hand with a few pumps of Moroccan Oil and then thoroughly worked it through my wet hair with her fingers . After I blow dried it myself , I looked GORGEOUS !!!!!!!! Smooth , silky , shiny hair without a flat iron.My salon sells this exact bottle of S Factor for $ 31 , I was psyched that I had my Amazon iPhone app and I scanned the bar code right there in the salon . Another 10 bucks saved thanks to the Amazon app !
 This is just great ` stuff ' . My daughter has the most tangly hair and all she has to do is just wiggle her head and her hair is tangly . This stuff works great at combing out the tangles and keeping them out for the day . This is very thick and a little bit goes a long way .
 Not a miracle , but for someone that has VERY curly hair , this product is fabulous when I straighten my hair . It helps control the fly-aways and somewhat tames the ends , but it also leaves a very shiny finish -LRB- almost glitter-like -RRB- on your hair.I 've received a lot of compliments when I 've used it.Makes a difference .
 Love this product ! I have long flowy hair , and this product treats it so well . If I do n't treat my hair with anything it is very poofy and frizzy and I hate products that wear off after just a few hours . S Factor 's Smoothing Lusterizer defrizzes my hair and lasts aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaallll day without weighing it down or leaving it greasy . It also leaves my hair very soft and somewhat shiny so besides hairspray it 's the only product I use on my hair on an everyday basis .
 I have baby-fine hair , but lots of it and it 's curly . Finding a product that will straighten and de-frizz without weighing my hair down or making it look dirty has been a challenge . This stuff really does the trick . It also moisturizes , which is great . I 'm very pleased !!
 This product really works at keeping away the frizz . i have been using it for quite awhileand it smooths out my unruly hair and makes it manageable , shiny and straight . i haveused so many other products but this one really does the trick ... a little product goes a longway .
 I decided to try out this product after checking out the reviews and wanting to try something different in my hair . This stuff is great in that it does leave your hair shiny and soft . Only downfall to that is that if you rub your hands through your hair ... . yup your hands are shiny as well ... lolMy hair is still frizzy and had fly aways once it dries . I have to try and pat down my hair . The second day my hair looks fine . I am in Afghanistan so I normally wash my hair every other day due to the crappy water out here . I apply it once i get out the shower and let it dry on its own . Not the best results the first day ... but overall it is still a pretty good product . I will have to try using it when I get back home . I am unsure how it will react to humidity but I will give it another shot.I am currently applying it with a leave in conditioner and it seems to work better .
 I used to use Pureology products , which I still love , but I really liked the S factor smoothing product by TIGI . I like that there is a bit of shimmer in the product that makes your hair shiny . I notice that when I do n't use the product my hair gets a bit frizzy with the humidity . Also , my hair is easier to style if I start with this product .
 I have been using this product for 8 months . It keeps my slightly frizzy hair smooth even in St . Louis humidity . It does n't flatten my hair like similar products . I still have volume in my shoulder length hair . This is a good product with a slight strawberry scent . I would recommend it . The bottle lasts me about 3 months with everyday use .
 I use this with the chi straightening gurad when I get out of shower , I then blow dry my hair . It makes it so soft and silky and Straight without the flat iron ...
 I was a little worried purchasing online , I was afraid I might get a stale/older product since the price was so good , but I was completely wrong . Product was the same as if I purchased at the salon . Will now buy on Amazon and save a ton of money .
 I have tried lots of products for straightening that this is the best . I remember years ago when this came out I was the first person my stylist used this on and she and I have been using it ever since ! Everytime I try to go with something less expensive to save money I regret it . You really get what you pay for with this product . I recommend to friends all the time !
 My Beautician had initially used this product in my hair , and i instantly fell in love with it ! A little bit goes a long way ... you will only need a pea size amount for each section . This is a great product that gives the hair a sheen , smells very good , and defrizzes !
 Not only does this stuff work amazingly to smooth out your hair , and keep your curls nice or your hair straight , but it smells amazing ! Love love love it !
 My hairstylist at Toni & Guy always uses this product and I do n't normally buy into hair products , nor do I like to put in several products in my hair but I found this product to be great ! It does just that ... lusterizes -LRB- it comes out extremely pearlescent and you 'll have sparkles on your palms but the shimmer is not visible in your hair so do n't worry , you wo n't have disco ball hair -RRB- . It defrizzes and tames any fly-aways and most of all , it smells divine!My mother was curious and I let her use mine and since then she 's been a devoted user as well and I 'd like to say we have been going strong for 3 years now !
 I blow dry my hair straight . This product helps me accomplish that faster and easier than if I did n't use it.It 's great !
 I 've been using this stuff for years . I love `` product '' and have tried almost everything , but this is my number 1 all-time favorite . It never weighs my fine , wavy hair down , and the shine and softness are awesome . I live in fear that it will be discontinued someday !
 This is an awesome lusterizer/defrizzer especially after a perm , and towards the end of the perm longitivity . I have used it for about10 years so far .
 I have natural curly frizzy hair . This product makes me look like a movie star ! -LRB- o.k. , not really , but I do love the product ! -RRB-
 This is lovely stuff . Keeps hair soft , and it has a bit of sparkle which really brightens up hair !! Highly recommend this product .
 This really keeps the frizzies down ! Really fine hair usually has a bunch of flyaways , this smoothes it down -- all without making you look like a greaseball !
 I have fine , wavy , shoulder length hair that I either blow dry straight and smooth , or scrunch it dry into loose curls . This product works either way to keep my hair shiney and frizz free ! I put it on my hair while damp before styling but I can also reapply any time after it is dry to add extra shine and control . I 've never found a product that does everything this does without weighing my hair down or making it oily looking . Have no &#34; cons &#34; about it !
 Not much to ssay . Love this product . I have used it for years . I will reorder this product again . : -RRB-
 Use this stuff just once and you 'll know what I mean . My hair is on the curly side and this potion gives me the kind of hair you see on models . When I do n't use it , I just look middle-aged .
 The best product for wave and curly hair I 've tried it in the past 35 years ! It defines curls , tames fly aways and frizzy hair without being oily or heavy . Higly recomended !
 Not only does this product work great , but it smells great too !! It has a great fruity smell . You only need a little dab of the product and it really does the job .
 Thank you for your top quality service ! I appreciate the low price and receiving my item in a quick amount of time !
 I live in Singapore now & have NEVER had a problem with frizz before I moved here , even though I 've lived in several humid climates . Nothing else I tried seemed to work . This is truly a humidity killer . My hair fights humidity nearly all day . Great product , and all I have to use is the size of a pea .
 I have very curly , frizzy hair , and it has been a challenge for me to find products that reduce frizz while not making my hair feel `` crunchy . '' I put this in my hair after I air dry it a bit and the result is very smooth curls . I really like it and it smells delicious . I would recommend for anyone with dry or curly hair .
 i use it on my natural african american hair to blow dry i have my hair cut in a keri hilson bob and it helps it get straight and i believe stay straight for longer than it would if i didnt use itgo to the web site though you 'll get a kit for close to same price
 This is a great hair product . It is n't greasy , it defrizzes my curly hair very well , and I use it to either style my hair curly or blow dry it straight . I especially love that it has a very subtle sparkle that adds shine to your hair . The only reason I wo n't be buying it more is because it contains parabens ... a known carcinogen in many conventional hair products , shampoos , conditioners , and lotions . I 'm off to the natural stuff !
 I was able to save a few dollars purchasing this product from this vendor . I received the product quickly and I would order from this vendor again without hesitation .
 leaves hair silky and smooth . Very pleased with this . My hair was super soft after using . I would recommend this to anyone who needs the frizz out of their hair .
 This product is awesome , I use it in my wet hair -LRB- short pixie-style cut -RRB- every morning after I shower . It keeps the frizz at bay and holds a style while I blow-dry . Highly recommend !!!
 My hairdresser used this product on my hair and it is the best stuff . It helps stops the frizz that comes along with natural curly hair . I get this product on a subscription basis which is such an easy thing to do . I bought this from the hair salon and it cost 35.00 dollars . I get it through amazon at half that cost . Love this product . Hope you will too
 This is an excellant product for long curly and hair with frize ... Will continue to purchase best service
 I have slightly wavy fine hair . When I first used this , I thought `` Meh , not that special . '' Sure my hair felt smooth , but nothing really stood out . But THEN , during one hectic week , I did n't get a chance to use it at all ... and boy did I see the difference . My hair was noticeably frizzier and tangly . So now I see what a difference TIGI does for your hair . The only thing is that it works best after you apply to wet hair and blow dry .
 The product makes hair shiny , smooth , and easy to manage . Will continue to order the product from now on .
 smells yummy , and it makes the hair soft and tamed , but do not use to much as it will cause a buildup
 TIGI S factor is pure magic for your hair . It de-frizzes , but it also add a softness and shimmer that I 've never seen before . I love this stuff !
 I have straight , normal -LRB- not fine or coarse -RRB- . This product helps make my ends less frizzy and gives my hair a shiny and smooth look and feel . :-RRB- I usually use a little bit when my hair is damp , then blow dry .
 This is a great product to use in small quantities -LRB- read
 I love this stuff !! My stylist used it on my hair and I loved how it helped tame my hair . Not only does it look good but it smells awesome . You do n't need alot . My hair is almost to the middle of my hair and tends to be `` fluffy '' . I use about a quarter size amount when wet . Blow dry , straighten , and then about a pea size to go over any extra flyaways . It makes my hair soft and not oily like other products . The only complaint I would have is the price if you buy at a salon .
 I am one of many women who color and highlight their hair . That has it 's pro 's and con 's . It makes my hair have more body but at the same time the highlights make it absorb more moisture and shall we say , frizz ... My sister told me about this product and how well it worked to control the frizz and make her hair so soft and lusterious . I really do recomend TIGI S Factor Smoothing Lusterizer and Defrizzer and Tamer , to anyone .
 This product is on my top 10 favorite things list ! It smells great and sometimes is all I need to put in my long , straight hair to make it look nice and get out the door quickly . My curly-haired friends agree ! Another great point is that a small amount goes a long way . One bottle can last for months , which makes it worth the money .
 Chanel # 5 is always the best you can buy ... It arrived on time and I was very happy to receive it , as it is a gift for my daughter ...
 Great scent and it made GREAT SENSE doing business with this dealer , period . It was a gift for my sister who loves Chanel No. 5 parfum . It arrived quickly and put a quick smile on her face .
 I often get scared that they will discontinue my color . I 'm in my 40 's and have been using this color for about 10 years , regardless of the season and it 's always looking good . Glad to know I can get this online .
 This is my ultimate favourite lipstick . The colour blends with all shades -LRB- except pink -RRB- . It seems to be discontinued in Australia so was thrilled to be able to still buy it on the net.So happy .
 This spicy perfume meeks me feel so seductive in the morning . It is a great fall and winter perfume . I do n't notice much of a difference between this and Pure Poison ... but the Hypnotic Posion really loses the spicy edge that Poison has . This is a classic perfume that will make you feel sexy all day . Probably not the best choice of perfumes for the summer .
 I bought the mebco pocket brush 3 row bristles thinking I was getting the reddish pink color in the picture , but I actually got a black one . That is my only complaint . The product is good and was delivered in a very timely fashion .
 They are the only kind I 'll use , and it 's impossible to find them sometimes . I have thin , straight hair and it 's hard to find a brush that wo n't tangle the hell out of it , That 's why I when I saw these here , I bought three . : -RRB-
 I bought 2 of these for my husband.He had them before and loves them , but since then we could n't find a store that sells them.He is really happy using them .
 Love these , I call them a `` crush '' , combination of a comb and a brush . Could be a little beefier though .
 purchased the mebro pocket brush and have been very happy with comb.combs hair easily without pulling . it was a good purchase .
 I love this comb/brush . Bought a bunch and put one each in the grandchildren 's stockings . It 's a compact comb and brush that detangles and styles all at the same time . I also carry one in my purse . Could n't find it for a long time and thanks to Amazon , here it is .
 These get the tangles out without pulling hair and the fit nicely into a purse . I wish these were more readily available as they were very hard to find and I had owned one for years before I made this purchase . These last forever and they are great ! Who needs a brush when you have one of these that does a better job and is easier to control .
 I love these combs . The are really great for building a good base when backcombing .
 I can not praise this comb enough . It is such an easy comb to use on our kids . Even the kids like to use them !!
 This color is so awesome for summer and a day at the beach ! I wear this on my toe nails when I just want to liven my feet up . Such a cool and electric color ! I like this one !
 I want to buy a bright orange for my coming spring break . I saw the picture and I bought it immediately . It arrived on time but the color is kind of `` orange-red '' . Anyway , it is a bright color .
 I got this about two weeks ago and use it every day . It takes longer than a hair dryer would , but it makes my hair super straight and my hair stays that way all day long . It takes me about 20-25 minutes for me to dry and straighten my hair with this product . I use it on damp hair and my hair is fine and medium length . I usually go over each hair section twice . First time slowly to dry it and a second time quickly to make sure it 's straight . I have n't used it on wet hair so I do n't know how long it would take then . This product works great , but it is not a miracle time saver . Your hair wo n't be done in 5 minutes , but you will be able to do your hair with one styling tool .
 I 'm still not completely sold on this flat iron.My hair is fine yet gets wavy and sometimes frizzy . The hot air and low heat setting works wonderful on wet hair . I 'm not so impressed with the low heat setting on dry hair . It just does n't do the job and I think the next setting will fry my hair.My main complaint is cramping in my hand when using the iron on wet hair . For me it 's an unnaturally wide grip and I get pain and cramping when using the iron.I 've been using this everyday for a week . Still not sold on it but I give it 4 stars because I do n't regret the purchase .
 I absolutely love this straightener . I actually bought it in 2007 to take to college with me so I did n't have to lug my old one back and forth on trips home . This product is amazing , I have wavy hair -LRB- not curly -RRB- and it works wonderfully . Unfortunately , I had this straightener for 4 years and never had a single problem with it , when my dog decided it was a fabulous chew toy . She chewed the cord completely off , and now I am left flat iron-less . I have looked and looked everywhere , but am unable to find another one to replace it . So sad :-LRB- because I would definitely buy it again and recommend it to all .
 i love this hair iron , its perfect . heats up in a flash , automatic turn off , heat settings and does ` nt leave my hair smelling like its burnt . Very clean and stylish . Great choice of hair styling product good value for the price . Thanks Amazon !
 I went thru a couple different flat irons including the maxiglide before purchasing this one and I 'd have to say that I love it ! It heats up instantly and takes me about 15-20 mins to use with my hair wet . I have alot of hair ! I defintely reccomend this for someone who does n't want to get anything too fancy shmacny or expensive . It gets the job done !
 My daughters loved this straightener so much that , when the older one left home , I bought one for her to take with her to college . She said she could not live without it !
 I like this a lot because my husband likes it on me and others also , you can use it day or night .
 Love it ! Was well packaged ! Received it on time and the presentation was rather significant and extremely to me awesome !
 THIS ITEM IS THE BEST !!! I LOVE WHITE DIAMOND IT IS MY FAVORITE PERFUME . I REALLY ENJOY THE WAY IT SMELLS AND MY PERFUME CAME ON TIME .
 Been using this product for years . Shipping is great & this is great a lot of people always tell me how good I smell when using this product .
 My mother loves the perfume , she was originally introduced to it by receiving it as a gift . Would recommend you try it . The scent last long .
 You are never fully dressed until you have on some perfume . Indeed , even when wearing nothing at all -LRB- or perhaps , especially when you are wearing nothing at all -RRB- you need some perfume - sweet , alluring and sexy . For me , my most favorite scent of all is Elizabeth Taylor 's White Diamonds . White Diamonds is sweet without smelling too powdery or too flowery . It has an excellent scent that lasts on my skin and smells excellent.For me and the man of my life , it 's got to be White Diamonds . We highly recommend this wonderful perfume to you , or perhaps for that special lady in you life ! -LRB- Review of WHITE DIAMONDS Perfume for Women by Elizabeth Taylor - EAU DE PARFUM SPRAY 0.5 oz -RRB-
 I do n't usually write reviews but this rates a rave . It 's MUCH easier than working with a brush in one hand and dryer in the other , and it dries your hair stick straight very , very fast . A friend said it changed her life
 i 'm ordering two this time so i never have to be without it ... and my girls -LRB- 18 and 24 -RRB- love it too . I always use it with the brush on and a round curling brush in my other hand .
 I HAVE HAD THIS PRODUCT FOR 3 YEARS AND LOVE IT . BUT THEY DO N'T PUT THE REPLACEMENT PARTS IN THE STORES . I CA N'T USE IT UNTIL I FIND A COMB .
 I have had the Conair Styler Dryer 1875 for close to 10 years . Seriously , 10 years !!! I got this dryer at a -LRB- now extinct -RRB- department store when I was in high school . It 's gone to college with me and tagged along for several moves . I 've used it to dry plaster statues -LRB- I was an art student -RRB- and shrink the insulation film on countless windows . I 've even used it to dry my cat -LRB- on the low setting -RRB- after giving him a bath . It has a brush attachment and I think it came with a concentrator as well , but that went missing long ago since I 've only ever used the brush for my hair.I ca n't say enough great things about this hair dryer . It still works like a champ , though a year or so ago the brush attachment started to split down the middle . A dab of Gorilla Glue fixed it up for a while , but it started to crack again . Not wanting to get a new dryer , I used some duct tape to tape the sides of the brush to the dryer itself . The cracking and splitting continued , and now it 's at the point that the brush wo n't stay secure on the dryer and ends up falling off when I dry my hair . I do n't think that 's too shabby after 10 years , though.As far as drying and styling , it 's FANTASTIC ! I have loooong hair that is wily , crazy , frizzy , and does the `` Scary Spice '' thing if left to itself . I can get it sleek and smooth in about 20 or so minutes using the dryer all over and a flat iron to touch up the front -LRB- where it 's the most unruly . -RRB- For the rest I just flip my head over and dry from the underside upwards , then cool blast the entire thing.I have n't been able to find a new brush , but it could be because I have such an archaic model . I guess I will have to get a new one , I hope it 's at least half as good as the original .
 I was attracted to this dryer because of the attached brush . It 's so easy to dry my long hair smoothly without having to try to hold a brush in my other hand . It turns out that I really like the comb attachment better . The best part is that the dryer is really fast , mainly because you can direct the air to the wet parts of your hair and not just keep blowing air all around your head like standard dryers . My only complaint is that the unit is very large . A petite person might have a problem handling it . I still think it 's a wonderful product .
 this is truely an amazing mask . I 've used other clay masks that do the detox job but this one does that PLUS leaves my skin so soft , radiant and touchable . absolutely wonderful10/2010 ... ok i just finished the jar . it was a little dry but it was still great in spite of being beyond the shelf expiration date . the stuff still had that wake up scent and get the dirt out action . I 'm gon na get another jar and keep up with periodic masks . it really does feel invigorating and the skin so soft afterward .
 I use this mask when my skin is looking dull or when I see the beginning of a break out . I know that when I rinse the mask off after 30 minutes , my face , down to my pores , will feel deeply clean and look fresh and rejuvenated . I 'll never give this mask up !
 I got this for my boyfriend . He said his grandfather gave a bottle to him years ago , and it 's his favorite cologne . This is the cheapest price ! The picture shows exactly what you receive and smells exactly as he remembers !
 I bought this perfume because of the name itself . Recently went on a Las Vegas weekend vacation and stayed at The Bellagio Hotel and Casino , which was very beautiful . The perfume is of excellence just as the Hotel was . It smells absolutely wonderful and it last a long time . If you are thinking about getting this perfume , do it.You will not be disappointed .
 Great transaction , received it as stated and it 's perfect !! Thank you !!! I would purchase from Amazon again . This was my first time and I was thrilled it was as easy as can be .
 Love the perfume ... and its fragrance . . It is long lasting , and enchanting.Took a little time to arrive , but overall very happy with the purchase .
 This was a tremendous value . I bought it as a gift and the recipient was delighted to get it . It 's going on my own wish list as well .
 Shipped the next day and received in one day . Very good transaction . Will buy again and recommend to friends .
 This perfume has been around for many many years . The price on this was definitely a bargain ! The first thing I noticed when I received this was that the ` gift box ' it comes in was missing the top . If this had been a gift for someone I would have liked to have the top . But it was n't , so no big deal.When I went to spray my first spray -LRB- i hadnt smelled this in years ! -RRB- to my dismay the spray didnt spray!At first I freaked out and was going to send it back the next morning , and I went to complain to my husband , and it magically sprayed . It was a MIRACLE ! I hate the hassle of returning stuff . Sure enough same scent as always . This is not a watered down product , but be advised this is an EDT not an EDP , you may need to spray more that once a day to keep the intensity of the scent .
 The product is nice , qualitywise and otherwise , very good for casual use , stays put and gives a fresh feeling throughout the day . I would definitely recommend it !
 Buenos dias , el dia de hoy me tome la molestia para calificar esta compra , la cual cumplio con los parametros que esperabamos . Quedamos conforme con la compra , gracias .
 My girlfriend , after finding the men 's cologne wanted to try the women 's version . She loved it as her Christmas gift . The scent is n't strong smelling . It is well balanced . AS someone who ca n't stand strong smells of perfume on men or women I find this to be a nice change . Best part is that the sent is very pleasant . Reminds me of a floral stream area . Probably the reason for the water title .
 The wife asked for this for Christmas . After doing some late shopping I found it here and the price was much cheaper than the stores .
 Great value , AWESOME PRICE ... The perfume smells so so so good ;-RRB- And so does the lotion and the body wash.I highly recommend it .
 BOUGHT THIS ONE FOR MY WIFE , AND EVERYTIME SHE PUTS IT ON , MAKES HER IRRESISTABLE . WE BOTH LIKE IT A LOT . FRESH AND CLEAN .
 The product is good than when you buy it in a store . The packaging was perfect and the deliver was very good too . Definitely would buy this product again . I like so much .
 Such a great gift idea ! When the box arrives was a little bit torn on the side . But nothing a little glue can not fix . Im very happy with this purchase .
 The product was better than when you buy it in a store . The packaging was perfect and the deliver was very good too . Definitely would buy this product again .
 Excellent price - super fast shipment ! Great company to purchase from ! I will definitely buy from this company again . thank you -
 I have this is mens and it 's great-the women love it . The other day I was in the car with my sister and I loved this perfume she had on so , I asked her `` what are you wearing '' she replied `` Cool Water-women '' . Incidentally I bought this gift package for her on the prior CMAS and it represents a great value with the free lotion and shower gel . Cool Water -- Keeps me doing the deep inhale !!
 I bought it for the wife , she was delighted when she opened it . Great delivery . It got everything that she could ever possibly need .
 Gift sets are the way to buy this . Wife always smells soooooo good . Always draws comments from people she meets .
 it lost during the delivery.However , they replied me soon and delivered me soon.It is good .
 GOT THIS AS A GIFT AND IT CAME IN GOOD CONDITION AND ARRIVED ON TIME .
 The wife loves it and so do I . Now I dont even have to leave the house to buy it ! : -RRB-
 This was the first time I tried a Davidoff product and I am extremely pleased . The fragrance lasts for almost the entire day .
 I used two Clairol Mist sticks in the past 30 years . They have finally worn out . I have looked everywhere for a 3/4 inch steam curling iron . This is the only one I can find . It is perfect and designed so that the water receptical is at the tip as was the Clairol . That is also how the steam was dispensed -- by pushing that receptical . This one twirls so that when unwinding , I can just hold onto the end and let my hair unwind . Sometimes it seems to be one and sounds like it is steaming , but when I am ready it is cold . Takes a couple times to push the switch to get it going . That is a problem . My only suggestion is that Braun make the same curling iron with a cord so that I could take it on a plane . As of now , I am lost and I fly abroad often . My Clairols were plugged into the strangest sockets with sometimes using three or four of my plugs together and I have never blown them out . Braun , you have such wonderful items and I own them . They are usually the best designed of their kind . Please consider making one with a cord also so it can fly . Many thanks . You have saved me as long as I stay home .
 The Braun steam curling iron makes my hair shiny and gives it more natural looking body & waves that last longer than with any other curling iron . It is much better for your hair than dry heat . I , too , wish they would make a corded version . I have taken mine on planes several times -LRB- I think the directions in my original one said you could -RRB- , but I believe you are permitted to take only the butane cell that is inside the curling iron -LRB- no extras -RRB- . I also have the added bonus of 4 removable brush attachments because I bought mine in England -LRB- I do n't think they ever offered that version over here -RRB- , and I saved the brushes which fit on the newer curling irons and they clip so they can cool in your hair . It would be nice if they would offer that feature again ! The only thing I do not like about it is that I wear out these curling irons within 6 months , so I have to replace them and can find them only online -LRB- but Walgreens sells the butane cells -RRB- . If Braun ever stops making them I wo n't know how to fix my hair ! I highly recommend this product .
 I used the Braun cordless curling iron throughout my 2 week trip to Europe . I wanted to avoid bringing converters and plugs and transformers and this really did the trick . I only used one butane fuel cartridge and still have fuel left over . I have medium long hair and it is very thick . The iron does not heat up as hot as the one I use at home but it certainly curls the hair . It comes with a brush attachment , which is also handy . I plan to use this for all my overseas trips . It certainly met my expectations !
 This would be the best-ever , easy to use , reliable , `` Matrix-Like '' hair styler of 21st Century !!
 The reservoir that hold the water is too small -- I was constantly filling it up because the steam is so forceful and powerful as it curls the hair easily . I love the fact that it 's cordless and the handle is ergomonical . I was trying to get this for 3 or 4 years and finanlly brought it this year and at a great price . The energy cell are expensive -LRB- usually two in a package for about $ 10.00 -RRB- and they are not easy to find . Walgreens stop carrying them and they 're almost only available online . But I prefer curling with steam heat because I do n't have to worry about dry brittle and breakable hair which comes from dry curling .
 The color does not look like the bottle , closer to a greyish blue as opposed to a purple shade . However it is still a gorgeous color and I would still reccommend it .
 Nice colours but the ones i bought -LRB- ginessa / trixie -RRB- need several layers before I get the finish i want .
 Charla is amazing . Application is perfect . I personally prefer 3 coats for most of my polishes , this is no different for Charla . She is blingy and eye catching and awesome . Prepare for compliments :o-RRB- A known duplicate for OPI catch me in your net and Orly Halleys Comet if you are pining after either of these but ca n't find them or do n't want to pay twice the price for the same thing go for Charla ! Heck go for Charla regardless ; o -RRB-
 I do not know what other customers where experiencing , I got this product from Cosmetics Central , came on time in perfect shape.Usually , my nail polish lasts max 3 days , I use a lot of water and do some house work . This polish , lasted a whole week !!! I think as long as shellac I tried once . I used it as prescribed with armor and base coat . I did the manicure myself and file the nail a little bit.It 's quite dark but it 's in now , no?Hope it helps future customers .
 Wow . I finally found a polish that stays put . I bought the armor and the anchor , but never even use it . The polish is perfect all on it 's own .
 Loved this product . The color was what I was expecting and the quality of the nail polish is great . Look forward to getting more Zoya polish in the future .
 I like the Zoya Nail Polish , in &#34; Raven &#34; . . it needs 2 coats , which is normal for most nail polishes . It 's very black . . I 'm not sure its my favorite formula ever though . Nothing is really wrong with it , but for some reason I 'm not jumping over the moon for it . . its prettty good though and I 'm sure I 'll use it whenever I want nice black nails . I think I 'm going to try Union Jack by Butter London next though and I 'll try to compare which black is best .
 I wanted a light gray color and this fits the bill . It got to me very quickly . Very easy to apply .
 This was the first time I tried Zoya . It is a wonderful polish . Only needed one coat and it lasted a lot longer than I would have expected . The color is so rich . I am very pleased .
 This was my first Zoya nail polish . The formula was good - 2 coats for complete coverage . The halo sparkles were more subtle than I expected and it does require a top coat to keep the glassy-shine . All in all a good polish .
 Love love love this color ! Great product & high quality polish ! Seems to last longer than most ! Love it a lot !
 I am Asian , Light-Medium skin with a yellow undertone , and I have to say that I have finally found the natural nail polish color I have been on the search for in the form of Zoya 's Grace . The application is wonderful -LRB- no streaks ! -RRB- but it does take up to 3 coats to get , not bottle color , but some opacity . Anyway , I still love Zoya and their mission of non-toxic nail polish .
 I own half a dozen or so Zoya polishes , and this one , Ivanka -LRB- bright shimmery , foil green -RRB- , does n't quite live up to Zoya quality . Most look great in two coats , and the third is n't necessary , except maybe on a longer nail to make it extra solid . This color , while beautiful , absolutely requires three coats to get anything that looks close to the bottle color . It does n't go on streaky , though.The color of Ivanka is a bit brighter than Color Club 's 2012 holiday green , and unlike most other green polishes out there , so if you 're willing to do three or four coats , then it 's worth it since it is n't a color you can find everywhere.It 's hard for me to decide whether to give this 3 or 4 stars . If I could , I would give it 3.5 but I 'm giving it 4 because there really is n't anything wrong with it , other than needing more time and care than other polishes by the same brand.The seller I bought this from , Ultimate Beauty , shipped quickly and packed nicely , so no problems there .
 I have found this nail polish to stay on and the color is very nice . It goes on smooth and does not take that long to dry . I would buy this again and would recommend it .
 I am impressed with how long lasting Zoya polish is . Hands down it out lasts and out shines Opi for me . I put nail polish to the test by working outside and constantly using my hands.with a base coat , two coats of polish , a top coat , as well as wearing my gloves while doing dishes or working in water , Zoya will last me the week . This week I managed to chip a finger tip and a quick coat took care of the problem and they look great again.My nails are usually thin and brittle , I have found keeping them polished with colors by Zoya helps them stay strong . They also remain healthy under the polish . I am sold , all my Opi Polish is being donated and I am a loyal Zoya fan from here forward .
 Very pretty reddish/plum color , very creamy polish and the color is great for the fall or winter/holiday seasons . Great price compared to other higher end polishes
 Bought this for my daughter and she just loves the color . I would suggest this color to anyone that loves medium blue color .
 I am reviewing Zoya 's color `` Jana '' from the recent Smoke & Mirrors collection . Jana is a medium shade of greyed up mauve in a creme formulation . The color appears a shade lighter and pinker in the bottle . When I 've applied two coats I see more grey . It 's a nice neutral for fall and goes on smooth and looks great with two coats . It 's not super shiny and will require a top coat if you want shine and to get longer wear out of your manicure . I type all the live-long day , as well as cook and clean and this polish does n't take kindly to such abuse . I have to repair minor chips after a day and usually have to re-do the entire manicure after 4 days . I 'm okay with that , thus the 4 stars , but if you like your polish to remain chip free for longer than a day or two this one may not be for you .
 This is my first Zoya polish and already I love it.I 'm usually an OPI kind of girl but fell in love with this color.It goes on nice and thick so you could easily get away with applying one coat.Perfect fall color .
 This nail polish stays on longer than any other that I have tried . Excellent buy !
 Love the color . It goes with everything . Has a nice shine and golden glow . Have used it for years and will continue .
 I 'm usually not a big fan of nail polish - I type notes for class , and I can not stand chipped polish . However , I got a sample of Zoya 's Feel Collection in Kristen in my birchbox -LRB- which , by the way , I totally recommend . Let me know if you want a referral ! -RRB- , and I had to try it . Needless to say , I was blown away - I ordered the full size , as well as another color in the same collection.ColorI LOVE the color . My birchbox called it a `` cool neutral , '' and while at first I was skeptical that a blue hue could ever be considered a `` neutral , '' I now have to agree . This color is a nice blue with a gray undertone , and it really looks good with anything . It does n't `` steal the show , '' so to speak , but it 's different . I 'm normally a pink-only girl on my nails , so I was surprised that I was so happy with the color.ApplicationThis polish went on really smooth and easily . It was n't glumpy or too thick -LRB- really impressive when you consider that it does n't have the normal chemicals of most polishes . -RRB- I was a little surprised at first , as the color was a bit darker than it looked in the bottle - it did n't bother me , however , since I was n't a huge fan of the bottle color . It dried fairly fast . I used one coat -LRB- it was a sample , after all , and I did n't want to waste much -RRB- , and it covered each nail . I applied a clear top coat , just to help protect.WearIt 's been five days , and I only have one little chip - but that 's because part of my nail tore in the corner . This is really good for me . Normally polish last two to three days for me at best . I 'm very pleased with how well this color has stayed.If I had one little critique , it would be that it sort of seems like the color has faded a bit . I ca n't be totally sure if this actually happened or if my mind is just playing tricks on me , but there 's a chance that it 's a little lighter and a little less gray now . Overall , though , I 'm very pleased . This polish definitely deserves five stars .
 The color of blood , literally . Looks amazing on hands and feet . Lasts a while and applies smoothly . 1-2 coats give excellent coverage . Love it !
 To the company , amazing safe packaging and superfast delivery !!! Colors are semi-transparent and vibrant , kind of like a stain but for your nails . I would not vouch on it 's endurance though , does n't look like it is going to last as long as some might claim ...
 Very good product and love the color . It is almost clear polish with sparkles - great for holidays to add a little shimmer . I am allergic to formaldehyde and it 's great to finally find a polish that does n't contain this ingredient .
 This is the perfect shade of light pink if you like just a hint of color on your nails . This would work well as the topcoat for a french manicure , and it is gorgeous by itself . 2 coats work out great , but I think you could get away with one coat with no problems.I have a few bottles of Zoya polish and they are the most durable I 've ever used . Does n't show ANY chipping or dulling of color , and the color comes off very cleanly when you do want to remove it . It is far worth it to pay a couple bucks more than you 'd pay for a drugstore brand and have a product that is far superior .
 love this polish , its just like the picture . its blingy not glittery like little girl polish . just enough to be rocker chich but sexy .
 I could not find this shade anywhere because it had expired from OPI this is the same color that OPI discontinued it is on the blue side of teel but a beautiful metallic color
 This is one of my very favorite polishes , and I do own many others ! The Zoya brand is a low-toxicity nail polish formula , at an affordable price . It applies super smoothly and dries quickly to a shiny finish . This color &#34; Dove &#34; is perfectly named ... its a lovely light gray ... not quite as light as a true whitish &#34; pastel &#34; gray , but light enough to give a very &#34; fresh and clean &#34; look to the nails , if that 's what you 're after . It 's a full coverage &#34; cream &#34; formula that takes two substantial coats to reach opague coverage . This shade of gray is neither super warm -LRB- brownish -RRB- nor supper cool -LRB- bluish -RRB- ... to my eye it 's a &#34; neutral &#34; gray , so I imagine it would flatter a wide vairety of skin tones , and go with most outfits . I have very fair skin with warm -LRB- yellow -RRB- undertones . There is no shimmer to the color , but it 's nice and luminous . I 'd say this color is office appropriate as well , for all but super conservative settings . To me the color says &#34; modern and hip and creative &#34; yet also &#34; reserved and elegant . &#34; I 'm really fond of shades like this , that manage to be off beat without being wild or tacky . This shade will get your hands noticed though , so make sure your nails and cuticles are well manicured before applying , clean up any mistakes with a polish corrector , and apply hand cream after the polish dries . I used a good base and top coat as well -LRB- Opi &#34; Start to Finish &#34; -RRB- . My husband really loves this color on me , and he 's usually not one to comment on my nail polish . Enjoy it !
 I know how fussy nail polish is to photograph , so I understand . However , I thought it was a pinkish hue when I purchased it . When it arrived I thought I 'd received a different color entirely , as there is no pink at all in it . It is , however , a lovely coppery shade , just not what I wanted . The formula is fabulous , though , and I will definitely buy more Zoya in the future . The ordering process was easy , and the polish arrived quickly and well-packaged . I will definitely shop this seller again .
 Very nice blue color ... very soothing on the eyes . Easy application . Great nail polish ! As expected with Zoya . Thank you : -RRB-
 The nail polish is first and foremost , gorgeous . I have been looking for a nail polish similar to &#34; Waves of Enchantment &#34; by Wet 'n' Wild , and found this ! I 'm glad that I found this on here , because the Zoya site wanted practically 20 dollars for this tiny bottle ! Other than the size -LRB- which I know the seller on Amazon ca n't do anything about -RRB- , this is perfect !
 This applies to all Zoya Nail Polishes.I purchased Zoya Nail Polish after perusing their large color selection . Their colors really are great - beautiful pigmentation , wide variety of colors , unique colors , etc.The application is n't as impressive . The brush does n't fan out like my favorite nail polishes . It goes on very thick . If you put it next to other brands of nail polish -LRB- e.g. , Essie , Butter London -RRB- , you can see the difference - Zoya tends to look a bit more sloppy.Is it worth it ? I 'm torn . I really do love the unique colors , but I would n't stock up on a ton of Zoya colors . I 'll pick a few of my favorites and deal with the coverage . -LSB- I will update this review if I notice anything regarding the wear and tear of the nail polish . -RSB-
 Zoya makes wonderful long lasting nail polish in beautiful vibrant and subtle colors . I am a real fan and have using this product for several yeats .
 Zoya 's Daul has really received a bad rap in the beauty blogsphere because of the color and opaqueness -LRB- they argue it 's too sheer -RRB- , but I never had any issues with this product . It 's not a one-coater ; I usually need two good coats to make it fully opaque . And I absolutely disagree that Daul is n't a good color -- I think it 's extremely beautiful . It 's a light purple shade with flecks of gold , which shimmers in the light and make your nails looks metallic . Oh so pretty.This nail polish dries pretty fast and lasts for a long time , especially if you use a top coat . I 'm currently wearing it on my nails and it 's been on for a week with no chipping.As for dupes , there are plenty , but none less expensive . I know Julep recently released one , but it 's more expensive.So overall ... love ! : -RRB-
 Looked a little prettier in pictures I viewed but a good quality polish and I will use this again . I would recommend this to anyone who loves a grey-like color .
 I found this color while getting a pedicure on Halloween and loved it so much that I ended up getting a manicure too , which I never do ! The color is beautiful . Just enough shine and sparkle with a beautiful dark tone . If was beautiful for Halloween and will look great for Christmas too ! . Year round really ! Also , I am a huge fan of Zoya . Their colors last . No chipping here !
 I received my nail polish quickly and was very happy with it , as I expected I would be . Zoya nail polish is long lasting and beautiful , no matter what color you get . `` Jem '' is a beautiful DARK maroon/fushia/red / purple shimmer . It 's VERY similar in color to OPI 's `` Shoot for the Maroon '' , but is a much smoother formula than OPI and stays on longer . I will only buy Zoya from now on .
 I love Zoya nail polish and this is the best summer color ever !
 This is a great color for Christmas . All of the Zoya nail polishes are worth purchasing . These are better polishes for your nails compared to others .
 Been a ZOYA fan for years ! Why ? 1 -RRB- Colors are vibrant , fun and sexy2 -RRB- Long lasting wear before any `` chipping '' starts -LRB- you get your $ $ $ and time out of ZOYA -RRB- 3 -RRB- Drying time is quick especially if you use Seche Vite Top Coat4 -RRB- Add Seche Vite Top Coat over any ZOYA color and you receive that `` WOW '' Factor5 -RRB- Did I mention the long lasting wear ? ** I mainly use ZOYA nail polish on pedicures I give myself . Color lasts a LONG time . When I do use it on my fingernails -LRB- which are natural -RRB- color lasts just as long or longer than Essie , China Glaze or OPI or any other over rated , over marketed and over priced nail polish . *** ZOYA has been tried and true to my toes for years !
 Great silver/white color that goes with any time of the season ! Quick to dry and easy aplication !! I would purchase it again !
 This polish wears great and lacks some of the chemicals other polishes have . The color is fantastic and will wear nicely into fall .
 I got this color for free from zoya.com to celebrate the 4th of July . It is amazing ! I only put one coat on and it was all I needed , virtually unheard of in the world of nail polish today ! I wo n't say all of Zoya 's products are as great because I 've not tried them but this is a winner to me . They now have a loyal customer in me !
 I have several of the Zoya nail polishes and love them all , but this color is my absolute favorite . I 've been wearing it in the summer , but it 'll be great for fall/winter .
 I bought this to paint my nails and occasionally my daughters , so I was looking for something nontoxic . It 's a beautiful color , goes on nicely , but still has some smell to it and does chip after a day or two . Overall , I like it .
 This color has a very beautiful and creamy appearance . The polish goes on smooth and even . I am very pleased with this purchase .
 Purchased my first bottle of Zoya in Poppy . Love , love , love the color . So summer ! AND it does not chip ! I cut the grass , wash dishes by hand , very physical work with my hands . Had it on for 3 days now and not even one little chip . Great price .
 I really like this color . I am a 60 year old caucasion woman and this mauve-gold color enhances my skin tone and is not garrish or too `` youthful '' . I would consider this color to be a `` warm '' color . PRU by ZOYA is one of my new favorites . I 'd never heard of Zoya before I went ` surfing ' AMAZON.COM for nail polish . Come to think of it , there has n't been anything that I could n't find on AMAZON.COM !
 i found this nail polish in a pregnancy magazine , and though i 'd give it a try for health reasons , but even better than that , the colors are beautiful , they go on perfectly even , have high shine , and last at least 5 days ... even through endless hand washing and diaper changing . i highly recommend them !
 I got this as I heard it is safe for use in pregnancy . I was rather shocked at the strong chemical fumey smell still in it though when I opened the bottle . It still smells like normal nail polish . Application is great - I only needed one coat and it was really black . Its been on a week and it has n't chipped and still looks great . Not sure if I 'll keep using it though as it smells like there are still VOCs in there of some kind to make such a smell . But if that does n't bother you , then it 's definitely a great nailpolish .
 I got my nails done at a salon with this color and now I am buying it for myself because I want to keep re-doing my nails over and over with this color . I am enamored ! I get several compliments , but I do n't need them . I love this color enough myself to make me happy whenever I look at my nails even if no one else notices them . I am the type to use conservative nail colors , but this shimmery green is so exciting and cheerful ! I ca n't remember when I first got my nails done with this color , it has lasted so long ! I own over 100 bottles of nail polish and this is my current favorite ! I have never written a review , but this polish is so beautiful , I want everyone to know !! !! Thanks Zoya ! ! ! !
 Found this at Ulta after considering an online purchase of Zoya -LRB- after reading reviews -RRB- . Gemma is an army green color , and in the bottle , you can see the contrast dichroic-type effect of pale purple shimmer . However , once it 's on the nails , that dichro effect is lost . It simply looks like a shiny army green . I think that the difference between regular ambient light in a room -LRB- or outdoors -RRB- and the pale purple shimmer is simply not great enough to show a difference . If you 're looking for army green , go for it . If you 're looking for dichroic effect , keep looking.On the plus side , I did my nails last night and have spent about 10 hours typing since then , and they show no wear at all . Right now I 'm using OPI 's Natural Nail Base Coat and Top Coat , but I have the Zoya products on order -LRB- Ulta did n't stock those -RRB- . I 'm hoping the all-Zoya combo will give me a super long wear . I 'll come back and report in when this one starts to show wear , and also after my first all-Zoya manicure begins to show wear . So far , I recommend!Edit . Zoya took a really long time to ship out my stuff . My Gemma manicure lasted 10 days with only minimal edge wear -LRB- which only I could see ; people talking to me could n't tell -RRB- . I was bored with the color , so I went to Ulta and bought `` Sarah '' -LRB- a metallic red -RRB- and did that with Orly 's `` Top 2 Bottom '' base/top coat . So far this has lasted 5 days and is not showing wear.Of course the Zoya stuff showed up the next day . So I stripped the `` Sarah '' manicure off my right hand and used the Zoya Anchor base coat , 2 coats of Sarah , and the Armor top coat . This has lasted 4 days so far -LRB- no wear -RRB- . I 'm really impressed with the longevity of this nail polish . I used to be an all-OPI girl , but when their stuff started chipping within a day I decided it was time to look elsewhere . Zoya is now my top stop for new nail polishes . Just wish they 'd either ship faster , or that Ulta would stock 100 % of their products !
 Please stop complaining about the color of the product as it displays on your computer screen compared to the actual color of the product ! Anyone who has ever bought an item online knows the little disclaimer that colors depicted online are not always true to the actual color.In this case , the written description of the color along with the image were helpful in choosing this item . I was happy with the `` Riley '' color , and the quality was satisfactory , too . My `` wear time '' before chipping was about five days , as other reviewers already noted .
 I love Zoya polishes . This dark teal color really draws the eye and looks really great . It looks cool in the sun as well .
 this purple has the prettiest sheen in the sun its like pink and gold and the sheen is gorgoues absolutly my favoriiite luuuuvv ittt and the stayyiiin power is amazin glad i got it . oh and the bottle is a lil smaller than most nail polishs but way worth it , very unique purple
 I bought the `` cassi '' pink nail polish . I do n't really like wearing bright or flashy colors on my fingernails , so this was perfect . It gave it a nice subtle shimmer and a pale pink color . I just put one coat and it wore of naturally , rather than chipping . I 'm sure for a more `` pink '' color i could have added another coat , but one was just perfect for what i wanted . Good quality polish for the color . I had n't tried this brand before , but i would n't hesitate to purchase another .
 I love everything about this nail polish , it is easy to apply and makes for a great neutral . This is almost a one coat polish . I used two just to be safe . I adore the fact that it is a vegan polish . Great deal as well , this is very affordable and worth the money .
 I am thrilled to have found a nail polish with out formaldehyde and toulons . It is a great color for spring . I am happy with the product .
 My 2-year-old son helped me Test Drive this item . It was able to clean his little hands , which was important since they touch everything . He loved the melon scent that lingered after washing . The pump dispenser top was large , so he was able to handle it himself . The soap has a light/medium scent , but it did n't last long . Considering how well it worked with my toddler , I 'd buy it again .
 I use a few of the Softsoap antibacterial soaps . I like Softsoap products because they 're a good value in terms of quality for the price . The Softsoap Fruit Essentials , Antibacterial , Juicy Melon was the first fruit scented Softsoap product that I 'd seen . I liked the scent -- it was different . The soap quality was just as good as the other Softsoap products I currently use . I liked this product and would definitely purchase it on my own .
 I really love the calming fragrance . It lathers very well and you do n't have to use a lot . My daughter loves washing her hands now because she likes it smells so good . It leaves my hands feeling soft , too .
 These small soft soap dispensers are nice to use as you do n't have a nasty old and unattractive bar of soap lying in a soap disk . My wife uses this fragrance in the kitchen . When you are preparing food you have to wash your hands frequently and she likes how clean it makes her hands feel and the scent of lavender and chamomile . Even though you have to wash frequently your hands still feel soft.You can also buy refill bottles of soft soap and refill the dispensers and save money . She likes this fragrance and we believe you will also like it !
 This is a great product , although the package is a little small . It works well , moisturizes extremely well , and leaves your hands smelling just wondering . You really should try this one in the winter months . It does a fabulous job on keep your hands moisturized .
 The Softsoap left my hands feeling very soft , and I absolutely loved the watermelon scent . The contour of the dispenser makes it less likely to slip out of your wet hands than many other hand soaps . Add these features to the fact that it 's antibacterial , and you have a definite winner ! I highly recommend this hand soap , and I 'll definitely be buying it for myself .
 The Softsoap Fruit Essentials in Juicy Melon smells wonderful ! It 's one of the best-smelling soaps I 've used . It also works as well as any soap I 've used . It lathers well and does n't require you to use a large amount to get your hands clean . But I personally think the smell alone would be the selling point for this product . I definitely recommend it !
 My children absolutely LOVED this product . They have the cleanest hands in the neighborhood . But I particularly liked it because it was easy for them to dispense by themselves . It has a special spout that 's easy for small hands to use . The fruity smell is great , too !
 I enjoyed using this product . It has a pleasant fragrance and comes in a well-designed bottle . Compared to similar products -LRB- anti-bacterial , fruit fragrance -RRB- , it 's a reasonable price .
 This hand soap has a wonderful smell ! The bottle is really attractive and wo n't look out of place on your kitchen sink . The kids loved it , and anything that makes them want to wash their hands is just great by me . The only drawback was that it had a tendency to leave my hands feeling a little dry . However , this effect was n't as bad as with some other soaps .
 Caswell Massey almond is my favorite scent in lotions and fragrances -- this is a nice gift set . As always , CM stuff is overpriced for what it is , but since it 's special order and not sold mass market , I understand why .
 I LOVE the almond scent from Caswell-Massey . It is light and one of the best smells I 've every used for an all over lotion , soap , shower gel , etc. . I want to try the lavender scented set as well ! Thanks to Amazon , I can actually buy these products . I ca n't find them around my area anywhere !!
 I just finished flat ironing my hair and it looks like i went to a salon!I got a little $ 12 Chi sample pack from TJMax that included this infra treatment , infra shampoo , silk infusion and thermal spray.I do n't know if it was the shampoo , this treatment or silk infusion but my hair is SOOO soft and bouncy ! It might be the combination of all three ! I 've used silk infusion before but never had results like this!I recently used a hair color that totally dried my hair out -LRB- see my other review -RRB- . I have super curly type 4a hair that I semi-relax . I 've been looking for a product that gives me shiny soft hair and this did the trick.I 'd like to add that my touch up was 2 months ago . I do n't think I 'll need one now for another month or so . . yay!Love this . Will buy the full-size when i run out.By the way , i used this with my $ 30 ceramic/tourmaline flat iron . Not a chi or sedu.Update
 I 've used different products for straightening my hair along with a ceramic iron , and have achieved the best results with the Chi product line . I apply the Thermal Protective Treatment after shampooing and after the rinse my hair is smooth and silky .
 I received great results using this product with Chi Silk Infusion . I have gray hair -LRB- very fine -RRB- thats been colored , so over the years it 's been changing to a lovely straw-like texture . After using these products , my hair is silky , smooth , bouncy and healthy looking . I would definately recommend .
 The item was just as decribed and it arrived on time . Very useful purchase . The item is very expensive otherwise .
 Chi Products are great , They leave my hair so soft and smelling so good . I would recommend this product highly to anyone . Yes they may be a little costly but well worth it .
 I love this product , it ultra conditiones dry hair and ends , keeps it from getting frizzy , protects hair from heat-styling , smells very pleasant , worth the prize -LRB- unlike some other brand-names -RRB- . All around a very good product . I would n't use anything else .
 Made my hair incredibly soft , I 've never had hair like that before . I still straighten it but I feel like it does n't damage it as much . Not the greatest fan of the smell but oh well . It 's a good product !
 I got this product lickity split . It makes my hair so soft and shiny . I really love it .
 I love this iron . It is a convenient alternative to the 4-in-1 -LRB- which I love as well , but I lost it ! -RRB- . It is easy to use and not too clunky , as I had originally thought . I have very thin short hair , and this has been perfect for quick touch-ups after blow drying , or for full-on straightening jobs . The curling iron is too big to make small tight curls , but I wanted it to help give my hair some shape and curve while I was straightening it . This works great for that.If you 're looking for something to make smaller curls I recommend the Infinity 4-in-1 , it did great things for my hair .
 So I have had this product for about 3 to 4 months now and I will have to say that I really like it . I do n't use the blowdryer as much as I thought I would but I do love this product , the finish is nice it does n't leave me hair brittle it always feels very soft and bouncy . I would buy it again , and the price is great !
 Okay I have to say that it was a really goooooood piece of machine but it has one flaw ... even though it looks really cool i have had mine for about a year and i left it on one day and of course it shut its self off -LRB- great feature -RRB- but when i turned it on the next day to use it the plastic around the iron had melted then when i tried to turn the iron on it wouldnt turn on
 There really is n't a negative thing I can say about this product . I love the ceramic iron , and once you 've used ceramic , you really ca n't go back to regular metal . And having a straightener and a huge roller all in one is a great idea ! Also , my hair is naturally wavy , so this iron tames it and give it a little body where I want it , and not where I do n't ! I actually ordered this as a replacement to my old one , which I had for at least 5 years . But my toddler threw it on the ground and broke it , so for the time I had to wait for it to be shipped to me , it was like losing an arm !
 It straightens very easily and makes great curls . Part of handle does get in the way but you learn to work around it .
 I have thick , very wavy , high volume Hispanic hair and I highly recommend this curling tool . After many years of trying out all kinds of brands and models , I have found THE perfect styling tool . It heats up quick and provides you the versatility of a curling iron or straightener at the flick of a finger . Makes my hair silky smooth and the rotating cable makes it easy to maneuver around while you 're styling -LRB- minimal cable untangling after you 're done -RRB- . It 's awesome - totally love it and want to buy another one in case the one I have currently breaks for whatever reason . Ca n't live without it ... seriously .
 I purchased this product about a year ago , and for the price it was great ! I have courser wavy hair that is starting to thin a bit , and I live in the southeast where the humidity is high for many months ! When I straightened or curl my hair with this it definitely cut down on the frizziness -LRB- with additional frizz styling products -RRB- . It did what I wanted it to do . My only complaints were the large `` unguarded '' barrel would lead to forehead burns on occasion while straightening and I was being too hasty , and the on/off and temperature buttons are in a really bad spot . I would find that I while styling my hair with this product , I would often hit the buttons and turn it off or adjust the temperature without meaning to do so ! All in all , for the price , it was a great product and worked well until it shut off last weekend and would n't turn back on ! Thankfully , it has a five year warranty , and when I called Conair this morning , they told me to ship it to them for a replacement -LRB- I have to pay the shipping costs , but that 's better than shopping for a new one right now -RRB- . In the mean time I will have to borrow my daughter 's Chi :-RRB- !
 I bought them for my daughter and wanted to keep them . They are great . You can have your hair straight or soft curls . Really happy with them and so is my daughter so you would not let me keep them ! Shge llives in a different city from me . Pity .
 This curling iron heats up quick and has an extra long cord which is great !
 I have tried both straightning and curling using this one . . and wat a product . I am not a pro at curing hair at all ... just searched a utube video on how to do it . . and boy is it good or wat !
 UPDATE
 I have tough , thick curly hard-to-manage hair , but this product does an amazing job as both straightener and curling iron.It makes my hair silky and shiny . I can style my hair exactly the way I want . It has 5 heat levels , and it 's heated super fast.I just love this product and want to recommend it to everyone .
 I ORDERED THIS ITEM FOR MY TEENAGED DAUGHTER AS ONE OF HER MANY XMAS GIFTS . SHE TOTALLY LOVED THIS CURLING IRON . NOT ONLY IS IT A CURLING IRON BUT A HAIR STRAIGHTENER AS WELL . IT IS VERY WELL MADE OF CERAMIC . IVE NEVER SEEN A CURLING IRON SO WELL-MADE . HAS AN EXTRA LONG CORD FOR MOVING AROUND ! ID RECOMMEND IT TO ANYONE !
 This iron is everything it says it is . It 's easy to use and a great price .
 Great bargin . I have pretty thin hair and the flat iron part of it straightens all my hair in 5 min . it is a little bulky to use at first . i am a total klutz and i have not burned myself yet . the curling iron part works just like a regular curling iron .
 I 'm not sure why there are so many negative reviews on this product . After my Revlon Straightening/Curling iron exploded in a shower of sparks a couple months ago , I 've been on the hunt for a replacement . I could n't bring myself to spend a fortune on a good straightening iron , and I really wanted a large barrel curling iron too . I finally found this one , which does not seem to be available in stores near me . I own the Infiniti hair straightening blow dryer , which I really like but at the moment my hair is cut short in an inverted bob , and it really was not effective . Knowing how much I like the Conair Infiniti brand , however , I was excited to find this 2-in-1 from them . It has completely exceeded my expectations . I use it on the 2nd lowest of 4 heat settings , and in one pass my fine frizzy hair looks sleek and beautiful - my hubby actually thought I had gotten a haircut the other day because my hair looked so nice . The only issue I have with it is that the curling iron does n't grab my fine hair as tightly as I 'd like it to - I 've learned to work with it anyway . I 've been pricing curling irons , flat irons , and 2-in-1 's for 2 months now , and I truly believe that you will not find a better value out there .
 I originally bought this because I was staying in Europe for 2 months and needed something that would n't take up my precious luggage space . And even though I am back home now , I continue to still use it almost every day.I am able to achieve great hairstyles because of the versatility in switching from curling iron to straightener ; so much so that people continue to ask me if I have hair extensions or if I have gone to beauty school . This multitasking tool helps me achieve sexy wavy ringlets , stick straight hair , it helps boost volume in my hair -LRB- when used right -RRB- , and allows me to do `` hair end '' curls that especially work for layered hair to achieve that va-va-voom look.My only warning is that if you have bangs around your face and use straighteners to smooth them out , when using this product be EXTREMELY careful to not put the tool to close to your face . Because I was so use to my old straightener with the plastic around the plates , I accidentally placed this tool too close to my forehead . Since there are no buffers or barriers on the tool , I burned my forehead .
 I love this iron so much , I bought two of them.It 's great for straightening and curling , so it 's very versatile . It 's light enough that I always take it on vacation with me , and although it does n't specify that it can operate at 220V , I 've used it in Europe without any issues or needing a power converter . Definitely recommend it for anyone who want 's the flexibility to straighten or curl their hair .
 I have salt and pepper hair -LRB- white and black - mostly white -RRB- . True Steel takes the white out of the mix and makes it gray . This tones my hair down so that the white is now gray . Now the black and gray blend together and are no longer in stark contrast . It does not get rid of the white hair , but just blends it more with the remaining black hair .
 I had used Roux color before and liked it . Now my hair is all white , I need to put some color in it to make it look fuller . I chose # 41 True Steel and love it . I do not like to permanently dye my hair , so this is the product for me .
 The rinse was everything they described and I am completely satisfied . It does exactly what I want it to , just give me a little color over my grey but does not look fake . Love it !
 This magical elixir has been brewed by one of France 's oldest perfumers for generations . `` Pour un Homme '' -LRB- For a Man -RRB- has been worn by crowned heads and is an original choice for men or women ... it goes well on people who are more easily found on golf carts than on tractors ... then again , no ... it simply goes well with anyone who likes subtility .
 I gave this as a present to my father and he loved it . It is a very warm and cozy scent .
 The service is excelent and the promised delivery time was kept.It makes me confortable tocontinue shopping from Amazon
 Green Tea & Aloe Foaming Hand Soap has a mild detergent , so it 's less likely to irritate . It works great on my dry hands . I 've even used it to wash my face , which is also dry . Because it foams , there 's less cleanser on the skin , so it 's a very gentle and non-drying cleanser.I reuse the bottle by making my own foaming cleanser . I mix one part regular Method hand soap with six parts water -LRB- I like to use distilled -RRB- and keep it in a large container . I just refill the small bottle whenever necessary .
 I have very sensitive hands and this is the only hand soap that does n't irritate my skin.I like the newly designed bottle and the foam makes my skin feel softer than the liquid variety.I 'd highly recommend this product .
 Paid for six bottles , only received five as one spilled in box . Would appreciate another bottle to replace spilled one .
 I 'm a firm believer that some germs are &#34; good &#34; germs and that Antibacterial soaps/solutions/etc . kill these &#34; good &#34; germs and also enable them to mutate into monster bacterias that are even worse to combat -- thus making family members sickly and especially making kids ' immune systems even more vulnerable to bacteria . Most local stores only sell hand soaps that are antibacterial , and I ca n't buy anything at specialty shops like Bath & Body cause all of their items are anti-bacterial solutions ... So Amazon is the best place to find these almost &#34; rare &#34; plain old school soaps .
 I do love this product . What I do n't like is being forced to use a certain number of words in order to complete these summaries . Maybe I 'm the only one that feels this way .
 First found out about this soap at my yoga studio . Everytime I went , I would say `` it smells sooo good , wish I had it at home '' And now I do . ; -RRB-
 I like the foaming action , even use it to shave sometimes . Just the right size for the bathroom countertop . easy dispensing .
 helps keep your sink from clogging since it is so light coming out of the pump already yet it still cleans your hands properly .
 I love this hand soap . It cleans well , smells great and is gentle on your hands . Try it , I think you will like it .
 We purchased Method Foam hand soap since we can no longer find Dial Foam hand soap . We have been very satisfied with Method . This hand soap feels very nice after you wash your hands . My hands are not dry after I use this.I knocked 1 star off of the rating for 2 reasons . 1 -RRB- The green tea and aloe has a very strong odor . A fainter odor would be much better . 2 -RRB- The soap caused some staining on our bathroom counter . Whatever gives the soap the green color left a light green stain . But we did not have any staining issues in the sink . Most likely wo n't have issues on stone/marble counter tops.A good note for septic systems . Antibacterial soaps are not good for septic . Septic relys on bacteria to breakdown waste . This was one of the reasons we purchased this hand soap .
 I do n't buy into all of the eco-crap surrounding this product . With that firmly ruled out as a reason for liking this product , I love this soap!The smell is awesome and very pleasing . One full pump of this is enough for me to wash my hands -LRB- big hands ! -RRB- with little wasted product , and as previous reviewers mentioned , unlike gels it does n't mess up the counter.My only complaint is that the product is difficult to find . Method makes individual containers of this but you have to buy 6 to get a half-decent price . Who buys a case of soap , especially when the company makes refills for this product line -LRB- which seem even harder to find than the single pumps -RRB- .
 Product is great , but you should buy one box and determin how long it takes to finish it .
 Dr. Charles Gerba , author of The Germ Freak 's Guide to Outwitting Colds and Flu 's indicates the best way to rid hands of germs is to lather , without water , for 20 seconds with a common soap . And , according to Dr. Don Goldmann , an infectious disease specialist at Children 's Hospital in Boston , a cold virus can live on contaminated surfaces for up to five or six hours but just touching the surface usually is n't enough to get you sick . Inhaling a cough or sneeze is how cold virus get passed.Did you know , recent studies indicate antibacterial products cause more harm than good . According to a UK study , triclosan -LRB- common active ingredient in antibacterial soap -RRB- `` shows estrogenic and androgenic activity in breast cancer cells '' and causes toxic disruption among aquatic wildlife . Additionally , the FDA states that triclosan releases chloroform , a toxic gas that can harm the lungs , when mixed with warm tap water . And Dr. Stuart Levy , a microbiologist at Tufts University , is quoted to say
 Sweet Water Method Hand Soap has a great scent , it lathers perfectly , it 's easy on the skin and leaves your hands feeling clean and fresh . What else can you ask for ?
 Method is one of those products that is reliable , is made with good ingredients and leaves you feeling clean and refreshed . Their green tea and aloe foaming hand soap is no different . It smells terrific , feels natural without being overly medicinal , and definitely succeeds in washing impurities away . Truth be told , I actually use it to wash my bras , whenever I want to rinse them out in the sink . The smell is lovely and light .
 You know , I did n't comparison shop here because I wanted this soap , I wanted it in bulk , and I wanted it delivered ! I purchased on the Subscribe & Save program which means it comes to my door step at no delivery expense to me . I do n't have to try to remember to pick up hand soap after work . I really like the gentle scent and it appears to do the job ! Subscribe & Save is the only way to go ! I 'm busy at work all day and really do n't want to clutter my mind with having to remember to buy hand soap . Thanks Amazon !
 We love Method products in our house . This soap smells good and my kid loves the foaming action ! Great deal for a case of it on amazon , especially when you live in a small town -LRB- like we do -RRB- and the products are hard to find . Thanks Amazon for helping me get products I ca n't get locally !
 Even though this came in 6 bottles , I plan on reusing the bottle over and over again . It gives you such soft tiny small foams which gives you a nice feeling every time you wash your hands ! You do n't necessary have to purchase the foaming refill . Simply buy the gel refill and mix it with hot water in 1:3 or 1:4 ratio -LRB- 1 being the gel -RRB- . When you mix them together you will see foams building up but it settles after like an hour . This way , you can use one 34-oz gel refill for months ... and months ...
 After using Bath and Body Work 's foaming hand soap for several years , I now use only Method foaming soaps . B&BW ; products are overpriced and overrated . Last year they changed the vendor that supplied their dispenser pumps . The pumps often stuck and frequently did n't work at all . The company 's position was that we should take the product back to the store and get a full refund ... with no guarantee that we would n't get the same malfunctioning pumps . To top it off , it was obhvious that they were diluting the product because the foam was quite runny . Their answer ... take any unused product back to the store for a full refund . After many complaints from many users , they never tried to explain or fix their product issues . You know what ... the heck with them . I am glad now that it happened . Method is much cheaper and free shipping with Super Saver Shipping plus no harsh chemicals means that I am getting a better product in a dispenser pump that actually works and a product that is better for the family ... a WIN WIN situation . Thank you Method.MY ONLY COMPLAINT is that they need to have a VARIETY PACK . It takes a long time to go through six bottles before we can order a different `` flavor '' to try .
 The foaming soap does what it names says , foam ! The soap smells really nice and does n't seem like soap . This is a purchase you wo n't regret !
 The green tea smell good and no more waste soap , makes my hands and soul feels very good .
 I used to use Bath and Body Works hand soaps , but they all drip and there 's always a good amount left over in the bottles that wo n't pump out . After reading more bad press about one of the ingredients , triclosan , I decided to search for a non-toxic foaming hand soap with good reviews . I came upon Method 's Foaming Hand Soap and purchased the Green Tea & Aloe through the Subscribe & Save function . I am so glad I did ! I love the nice , refreshing , clean scent and the lack of residue . Also , you get every bit of soap out of the container ! No left over soap !
 I used to but scented soaps from the mall store , but discovered this and have been using ever since . There is only one frangrance , but its just fine for me and my family and I enjoy the convenience of the subscribe & save feature .
 Love the foam action and smells so nice !!! Much prefer this to the gooey thick liquid of other soaps with a dispenser .
 I 'm a male in my mid 20 's so I needed some solid hand soap that was n't overly flowery . I found this soap to be perfect for me.The foaming action works very well -LRB- one full pump is the perfect amount for my hands -RRB- . You definitely feel as if this soap is cleaning very well . It 's got a nice `` fresh '' smell - a bit like after it rains . But it 's subtle -LRB- which is good ! -RRB- . The form factor the bottle is very nice . It should fit in with just about any decor.I 'll definitely re-purchase this after my 6 pack runs out .
 Great buy and very happy with product . Does a good job removing oil from skin and fragrance lasts a long time ... which I like .
 I have some reluctant hand washers in the house , and they demand that they 'll only wash their hands if foaming soap is present . This product is great for me and mine . I love that it 's from Method since I trust their products and I also love that I can get it on subscribe and save so I save money and never run out . I also like that refills are available so we do n't have to go through so many bottles . I wash my hands all the time throughout the day and I do n't find this drying at all . Much better than similar products .
 The box of six came in with the entire contents of one bottles spilled . The pump cap was not even on one turn . The box was a soggy mess . This is the 2nd box of six Method foaming soap bottles that I have ordered . The first purchase came incredibly individually wrapped so that the caps could not come loose . This last purchase was not.I will order the Green Tea and Aloe Method foaming soap again but I will find the place from whom I ordered it the first time .
 Ever since I first used Method hand soaps from Target , I have been in love with the Sweet Water scent . The foaming solution reduces waste in my opinion when people use it versus the gel soap . 1 or 2 squeezes of the foam is perfect whereas a full squeeze of the gel is too much . I have these in each bathroom and the kitchen . Excellent !
 This bottle looks nice on my sink , and I like that the soap is both effective and environmentally friendly . It 's a huge step up from your typical gloppy -LRB- and questionable health-wise -RRB- anti-bacterial soap.But woe unto the poor sap who accidentally gets some of this in his eyes . Natural does not equal tears-free . Johnson and Johnson baby shampoo this ai n't . Ouch ouch ouch !
 I expected these bottles to be about the same size as the gel dispensers , but they are significantly taller and sturdier . I was pleasantly surprised.Like many other people , I bought these so I could eventually make my own foaming soap with the gel refills . The sweet water scent is n't my favorite , but is pleasant and mild .
 we were happy to find somewhere to purchase this in bulk - although during shipping one of them was broken and another had leaked so it was only 1/2 full .
 I love this soap and the smell . I even take it to work in the lab .
 This is an excellent product . I purchased this product three months ago and have found that it does not dry out my hands . Also , the real surprise was how long one bottle lasts . One bottle lasted almost three months and was used NUMEROUS times every day . I had marked the date on the bottom of the bottle so I could track how long it lasted . Great value , excellent product . I will be purchasing it again .
 I have been slowing switching all of my families cleaning products over to Method products . They clean well , have nice , fresh scents instead of choke worthy chemical scents in most `` toxic '' cleaners , and come in very mod , clean line , eco friendly packaging . Method has made it easy being green.I really love the scent of this Green Tea and Aloe-I found it `` fresh '' and not `` flowerery '' or `` sweet '' .5 stars !
 The Method foaming had soap is the best of the Method products and this scent , Green Tea and Aloe , is the best of the scents . I was not able to find the item at Target , they only sell the gels now , so this was a great deal and a real find ... for me .
 I love this Method foaming hand soap . I was so glad to find it online at a good price .
 I love this handsoap !!! Cool foaming action is less messy than the others . It cleans your hands good and man does this stuff smell good ! It also says MADE IN USA on the bottle . Nuff said !!!
 I 've ordered Method foaming wash twice . The first time it was the blue-tinted Eucalyptus Mint . -LRB- Gorgeous color -RRB- . It had a scent that I thought would work well for both my hubby 's and my bathrooms -LRB- not too girly , fresh -RRB- . This time , I wanted one without dyes , so I got the Sweet Water , hoping it would have a `` unisex '' sort of scent . Water is neutral , right?No , it does n't . I 'd put this scent squarely in the `` gentle floral '' department . It 's a clean , feminine scent that 's not overwhelming . I keep one bottle in the kitchen and one in my bathroom.The foaming action is great -LRB- I reuse the bottles , putting other shower or hand soaps in there , diluting a bit with water , and getting them to foam up this way . -RRB- These make nice gifts in baskets witih other personal products , cause the bottle 's shape is attractive.It 's not inexpensive . You can get handwashes for a LOT LOT less . But this one smells wonderfull , does n't irritate my very sensitive skin , and the bottle is pretty . I like the colorless one as it matches any room 's decor.I 'd reorder this . For sure . As long as amazon offers a discounted price and PRIME shipping.Mir
 Scent is wonderful . I also prefer the foaming soap but make my own with the regular pump soap . Just put about 1/2 to 1 inch of the regular method soap in the empty foaming bottle and add water to fill to the top - a few pumps and you have foaming soap . I 'll get a lot of refills of the foaming soap from one bottle of the regular . We love the method products .
 I prefer foaming soap because it does n't drip or leave unused residue in the sink.Previously I used Bath & Body Work 's Anti-Bacterial Gentle Foaming Hand Soap . When I learned that it contains Triclosan which is a toxic chemical found in many anti-bacterial products according to the Environmental Working Group , I set out to find a replacement without Triclosan.I found method Foaming Hand Soap , Green Tea & Aloe which is less expensive than the B&B ; hand soap . It has a mild and fresh scent . The simple and modern design of the bottle goes great with the decor in my bathroom.Target no longer carries this scent but I did manage to find it at Lowe 's .
 I prefer foaming hand soaps because my kids do n't end up coating their hands in far too much sticky soap ! The Method pump works more comfortably and consistently than other brands , and the shape of the bottle makes it unusually stable . The `` sweet water '' scent is blessedly mild . Plus the elegant bottle + clear soap makes a sleek addition to our bathroom . Good all-around product .
 If you search on Amazon for a `` foaming soap dispenser '' or `` foaming soap pump '' you 'll find a lot of individual pumps selling for $ 10 + . With this item you 're getting six pumps with soap included at a great price ! We 've been reusing one of the pumps with no hiccups so far . If there 's a problem in the future I 'll try and update this review.As other reviewers have noted , you can save a lot of money by refilling these pumps with a soap of your choice and water . Fill the pump with a 1/2 inch or 1 inch of soap and fill the rest with water and you 're good to go . -LRB- Another commenter stated that it 's better to fill the pump with water first , then soap . This avoids a sudsy mess when you replace the top -RRB-
 I have been slowing switching all of my families cleaning products over to Method products . They clean well , have nice , fresh scents instead of choke worthy chemical scents in most `` toxic '' cleaners , and come in very mod , clean line , eco friendly packaging . Method has made it easy being green.I gave sweet water a 4 instead of 5 because it was a little too `` flowerey '' for me , but you may like it . Please remember to either recycle or reuse the bottle . Like the other reviewer , I 've reused the foaming bottle by putting about 1/8 to 1/4 of method dish soap and the rest of the bottle with water -LRB- fill slowly so you wo n't make it foam out of the bottle . -RRB- 4 stars !
 I 'm always asking my kids `` Did you wash your hands ? '' I did n't realize that I could get a happy response by just changing my soap ! I 've always used the pump , liquid soaps which tend to empty fast because we use too much of it and it takes a bit longer to wash off , not to mention sticky and messy ! After using this Foaming Method Sweet Water soap , I will never again buy the liquid soaps . I never thought I would be raving about soap , but I love the way it cleans , dispenses and smells ! Just a pump onto the palm of the hand and it 's a thorough wash and go . My kids love it because it 's fluffy and easy to rinse . I have one at every sink and refill packs stocked in the pantry .
 I started buying the Method foam soap when I saw it at Lowe 's where it cost nearly $ 5 a bottle . Then I found it at Target for under $ 4 ... . For some reason Target stopped carrying the foaming kind and only sold the regular pump style in the Method brand . So , I went on line and found it on Amazon in bulk ! The price is great , the door to door service wonderful and now I have plenty of the soap on hand . We like the foaming soap so much better because it does n't drip or get sticky .
 In the search for environmentally friendy cleaning products , I have found exactly what I want in this soap . It foams-less mess , it 's not anti-bacterial-unnecessary and bad for the environment , it has a pleasent scent , and cleans fabulously . It also comes in a decent sized bottle that is completely recyclable .
 I actually like all of the Method hand soap varieties , including the non-foaming versions , but there is something a bit more convenient about the foaming version . It does n't run/drip/drool like it 's non-foaming counterparts , which is very thick . I like the the Green Tea & Aloe flavor perhaps more so than the others -LRB- or maybe I just like the idea of Green Tea & Aloe more than the others -RRB- , but they are all great . It 's totally environmentally friendly , nice smell , even people who categorically hate environmentally friendly products -LRB- because they think they are inferior to non-environmentally friendly products -RRB- love this stuff -LRB- including my father who does n't know it 's good for the environment , for fear of him refusing to use it -RRB- .
 This is my 2nd favorite nail polish color , the first is OPI 's Natasha & Boris . This one is great cause its super light , I would call it a ballerina pink . Looks great with one coat or two .
 This color is beautiful on nails and toes . It goes on easy and looks great for days .
 I fell in love with this color and i HAD to find it!When i finally got it i was so happy!HOWEVER the color is so much more lighter than you see.Even with 2 coats it looks like raspberries . but still cute !
 This is hands down my FAVORITE fall/winter nail color . It is the PERFECT maroon/oxblood/burgundy . Received SO many complements while having this on . . Its a must have : -RRB-
 I was so glad to have been able to find this on Amazon . Essie discontinued it and I love it . I have used two bottles of it over the past several years and am sad to know this one will probably be the last bottle I will be able to find .
 I really like the Essie nail polish line . You get a great polish for the price . I rated this color a 4 only because it is a translucent pink and I wanted more coverage of a light pink then a clear pink . If you like a light pink/clear polish look then this is perfect for you .
 This is a very pretty color that will look great on any skin tone . I honestly bought it because I heard this was the color Kate Middleton wore on her wedding day . I purchased it here because it was cheaper than in stores , and I could n't find it in any stores ! I 'm glad I got this shade that I can wear and I know where I can buy another bottle when I run out of this shade .
 Color reminds me of fuschia a deep rich pink . Color goes on smoothly . It is exactly what I was expecting tried the color in a salon prior to buying . I love Essie products
 I love this color ! I am really glad I decided to get it ! I will purchase more Essie products in the future !
 Beautiful deep rich red color , and such a unique name ! High quality polish , no streaking or chipping . Very satisfied with this brand . Similar quality to other professional polishes like OPI , China Glaze and Zoya !
 This is a gorgeous royal blue . It goes on smooth without streaking . I prefer essie polish to any other brand , I have real nails and others do not last as long w/o chipping . I change my polish once a week , so I do n't know how long you could go before `` having '' to change . I just like to change colors . I do know that after a week of wear there is NO sign of chipping at all . The shine on this is superb , no top coat needed . I would like to thank the seller -LRB- HOUSE OF ACCESSORY -RRB- for wonderful service ! Item arrived on time and packaged so there was no chance of damage during shipment . I have had VERY BAD service from -LRB- NAIL DISCOUNT -RRB- I was not at all pleased with them ! Just a tip ... beware who you buy from !
 I have been searching for a good light pink that does not go on see through and looks professional . And I finally found it . Love this color !
 I ordered this polish in white -LRB- blanc -RRB- . I was worried that like some other white polishes I 've seen that it would end up looking like I 'd put white out on my nails . Or that the color would n't be a true white . But this polish went on very smooth and the color is wonderful . I 've never used Essie before , but I think I 've found a new favorite polish .
 Bordeaux is the perfect dark red nail polish . I often ask for it when having my nails done in a salon . I especially love using it on my toe nails . I was having a problem finding it in drugstores , as it 's an older shade . However I got it easily through Amazon and at a good price , too . For a glam occasion I like to use it on my finger nails . The name conjures up France and sipping a deep red vintage . That 's a good description of Bordeaux .
 This color is a very pretty rose gold metallic color that goes very well with nude clothes and gold accessories . I really like this color and it is most certainly a legitimate Essie Nail polish .
 The polish was nicely packaged and also it came on time . It came as described and the polish was bend new .
 If you are looking for a dense but not glue-y holo polish , then buy this immediately . The formula is incredible , the glitter is packed full of reflection and the bottle glows with rainbows .
 A nice light creamy clear coat . I work as a waitress so having chip free nails is almost impossible ! So I love to wear something shear that does n't show wear and tear too much . Overall a great color .
 Essie 's Fishnet Stocking is just perfect . It 's red . It 's not glittery , shimmer , or satiny ... it 's just RED . A very refreshing and no nonsense bold crayon-like red . It 's approach to nail color is what I 'm really loving about the Essie line . All Essie colors that I 've tried are darker on your nails than in the bottle ... consistently too . Like most of the other colors , this shade is heavily pigmented . My last 3 manicures were in this color . That 's how much I love it . It 's classic , it 's basic , and it 's not one of those shade you really had to be in a particular mood to wear . Best of all , I can wear it without being constantly reminded of Christmas .
 I got the Essie polish on sale , for the price it looked worth a shot . From the first coat I was impressed , it goes on smoothly and evenly with little effort ! No bubbling or streaking ! Even with two coats , it was perfect!Two coats , a topcoat , and this polish lasted me two whole weeks . I work with my hands a lot and do a lot of typing , so this was pretty phenomenal . For the price point of this polish , I really did n't expect a whole lot.This color looks very red , very bright , in the bottle . I almost did n't get it , but decided what the heck . -LRB- Imagine my surprise to see the color name , I would hope you do n't see this color after . . well ... but anyway -RRB- I am very fair and red normally looks horrible on me for everyday wear , but this color really warmed up my skintone . It looked good on my shorter length nails , too . I expected it to draw attention to the fact that my nails were so short but this is a very rich , deep , living color . It has just enough metallic to not look flat and uninteresting , it gleams ever so slightly as you move your hands . So pretty!The plus side is that I did n't get any staining afterwards , and it was easy to remove . Even with a basecoat red seems to cause problems for my nails but this was easy on , easy off , and I loved it . Great product and I 'm an Essie convert when I want regular polish ! -LRB- You should try gel nails ... but that 's a different review ! -RRB-
 It is the best color I have been looking for a long long time , a little bit peach , and blush , and nude , big love ! High recomend !!!
 I love Essie nail polish ! This review is specifically for `` Aruba Blue . '' `` Mademoiselle '' review is below.This is a dark blue , not navy , but a deep Royal blue . There is shine but no sparkle , and the coverage is amazing . The polish consistency is thin but even , and goes on in thin coats . -LRB- If yours does n't , you might want to get a thinner -RRB- . Two coats is more than enough for deep color , and since it goes on thin you can either use Seche Vite topcoat for bulk or CND Air Dry for thin coverage . Color lasts well , does NOT chip , and there is no streaking past the first coat . This , like all other dark-pigmented polish , will wear off the tips and may mark paper that you are writing on or books you are reading . Applying a second top coat a day or so after polish will help keep the color on your nails and not on your paper.I have noticed that this color will get in between the nail and the flesh on the side of your nail . It stains pretty well so color removal can take a few more cotton balls than is expected . When removing polish the pigment will travel along the remover and can stain under the nail with a dusky blue color . This can and will stain cuticle debris left on nails . A slight buffing after polish removal and scrubbing with soap and a nail brush resolves this problem.Mademoiselle by Essie is perfect for French Manicures . It is rather sheer , no matter what it looks like in the bottle , and WILL streak if you are not careful . As a solid color three coats looks pretty good , but you can still see the tips of your nails if they are long . Over a snow-white french tip this looks beautiful . When someone wants a pale pink , I always recommend this . Remember though , it is NOT opaque , and never will be . -LRB- When will Essie or OPI make an opaque pink like Orly 's `` Kiss the Bride ? '' -RRB-
 The Moonstruck is my favorite neutral Essie color . My order came quick and the polishes were in perfect condition . Definitely look forward to being a regular costumer .
 I have very fair skin and this color looks absolutely great on me . it really stands out and i get a ton of compliments . the color is a little different than the picture shown online but it is still a bright and vibrant color , perfect for summer or if you 're just looking for a quick pick me up to brighten your day .
 This color may not be everyone 's cup of tea - it is super sheer . Essie 's site recommends it for french manicures , but I just use it on it 's own . I was frustrated with opaque polishes because chipping is so obvious , but I wanted something a bit more exciting than clear . Essie No-Prenup fits the bill perfectly ! One or two coats gives your nails a natural , healthy , rosy tint but is sheer enough that mistakes and chipping are not obvious . It 's a clean and simple look . Love , love , love .
 This pink is fantastic with my fair skin tone , although I 'd imagine it 's pretty much universally flattering . One coat gives your nails a super-sheer wash of ballet-slipper pink . If you prefer a more opaque finish , it 's as easy as a few extra coats . The polish dries with a lightly shiny finish - not at all shimmery , but just glossy enough that I did n't need a top coat . Word of advice
 This polish color reminds me of cotton candy with a glitter and sparkle ... it would be a great alternative to use for a french manicure it would be fun ... great seller fast delivery ...
 This is a light pink shade with an opalescent effect . It is long-wearing and a perfect choice for the base coat of a French manicure . The shade is subtle yet attractive . It 's wonderful for a pedicure as well . The color will work for all skin tones , and small chips are hardly noticeable . It 's the `` go-to '' shade for any occasion . Great color for nails of all lengths . Essie products are known for their quality , but I held back a rating star due to price point .
 Great quality - just as described . FYI - Comes out a little darker on the nails .
 I LOVE Essie ! This is the greatest nail polish ; I can get a full five + days out of my manicure . This color is so great ; it has a little shimmer to give some interest and dimension to red .
 This is a good shade . Its very close to OPIs Vampire State Building from way back when , if not exactly like it . Essie is good polish . Two coats will do yah ...
 the perfect white color i 've been looking for . not too sheer , not too white-out looking . definitely need at least 2 coats , but the finished product is gorgeous and simply classic . bought from the same third party seller i 've purchased most of my nail polish from . no issues . thanks amazon !
 I was so disappointed that my favorite nail color has been discontinued by Essie , and so happy to find it on Amazon ... yay ! The vendor sent it out very promptly , and they arrived in perfect condition !
 I ordered this essie nail colour FED UP its beautiful color I really liked it , I was wearing it at a party my friend gave at his house and he even noticed it and said he really likes the color , and there were guests there the women gave me a lot of compliments too and asked what colour it was and what brand so I told them everything and where they can buy for lower prices , again thank you amazon for great beauty products you carry for lower prices .
 Quick , solid delivery , product is as gorgeous as I was hoping it would be ! I 've come to expect good quality from essie nail polish and this did not disappoint . I kept staring at my nails all day after painting them , lol .
 I 've never been able to find this color except for at the actual nail salon and finally I found it and own it and could n't be happier !! Thank u !!
 I 've tried a lot of Essie colors in this light pink range . This is the best , in my opinion , as it does not turn yellow and has a nice , pearly look with a bit of pink
 This is the perfect red shade of nail polish ... not too red and not too pink . Just that right mix !
 Arrived quickly and in great condition . Perfect white with a little bit of sparkle , but not glitter . Is n't young or silly - very chic , can be worn for work .
 This seller is probably one of the best I 've ever bought from . I ordered the nail polish color Sole Mate , and got it in a very timely manner . Also it was wrapped to where it would n't break.The color is n't actually what I thought it was be . I thought it would be more of a maroon , but it 's more of a purplish plum color . Nonetheless I still love it , and I totally love this buyer . I WILL be buying from them again !!
 This basically gives a &#34; your nails , but better &#34; look - it is a sheer and ladylike pink . Good for everyday or work wear as well as for more formal occasions . Easy to apply , goes on smooth , dries pretty quickly , and reflects the light beautifully . Recommended .
 im not much of a red girl but i saw this and thought it looked nice when i received it and tried it on i fell in love ! it is the perfect red i want to buy ten of them so i never run out !
 It was so easy to find on amazon.com . My manicurist had this color , and I loved it and wanted it for touchups . Sure beats driving all over to find it . Looks better on than in the bottle .
 I found this color to be neutral and elegant with a nice shine . Perfect for professional environment where you ca n't go to crazy with funky nail colors . Need 2 coats to appreciate the color . Also very fast shipping . I would definitely recommend this product !
 Marshmallow is a really common name drop around nail polish blogs , especially when it comes to combining it with glitter and making glitter sandwiches and the like . That 's why I purchased it , and it did n't disappoint . Application is smooth , color is ... delicious and marshmallow looking . . ? Keep in mind it is a jelly and takes several coats to become opaque , but I knew and expected and desired this going in . And Essie , as a more fancy brand than your average drug store polish , still holds a not-too-steep price point .
 I love essie 's nail color Bungle Jungle . It has a great sheen and color goes with many clothes items . Happy with my choice and with the seller.Definitely 5 stars !
 This was a trendy color this summer and I enjoyed it . The color is the same as it looks in the bottle after 2 coats .
 Sand of a Beach is a shimmery neutral that I love to use . I was lucky to find it from an Amazon provider . It is the perfect color for almost any time of year and for any occasion . It arrived carefully packaged and a couple of days earlier than promised ! I would not hesitate to purchase from this provider again .
 I love the color of this nail polish ! It is a beautiful light pink , and it goes with almost anything . The only problem I have had is that it needs about 2 coats , but 2 coats sometimes congeals and gets smudged . I can not figure it out ! But other than that , it is a great polish .
 This is such an amazing color forEveryday wear or a French manicure , so nice that I ALWAYS get compliments on the color even from the folks at the nail salon doing my nails . I wear this color all year long .
 No problems with order . Color is pretty . Picked it by recommendation from Beth Stern . Figured she would know what to choose !
 this order arrived quickly . it was packaged to avoid breakage . included in the package was a recycle bag that can be used for purchases such as groceries . also , included was a sample bottle of Good to Go by essie . i will definitely order from this vendor again .
 I feel the quality of the Essie products are great for the monies . I do have problems finding my favorite colors in the store . I have however been able to find the colors wanted online .
 The color is more coral/orange than I expected , but I am pleased with it nonetheless . Two coats of it will give you full coverage -LRB- unlike other Essie colors . -RRB- Looks good with the high gloss sheen , as well as with the Matte About You top coat .
 When the sun SIZZLES , my toes need to REFLECT IT w / their own SIZZLE . . `` CLICK IT OR TICKET '' BY ESSIE IS THE ANSWER . SORRY TO HEAR IT 'S BEEN DISCONTINUED ... BUT I FOUND IT ON AMAZON & I 'M SO GRATEFUL !! THANKS AMAZON . . ALWAYS A FAN !
 Essie is my favorite nail polish brand , the amount of shades made is incredible and while they stay on the safe and pretty side they are stunning and slightly different enough that I want to have them all . Two coats are all I need for shiny , strong nails and with a good top coat it lasts a few days.In the past I would stick to pale colors such as Ballet Slipper , Potato Fields , Sugar Daddy , Waltz or Marshmallow . Now I love the black wine color called Wicked but my absolute favorite is Geranium - a wild , flaming orange/red tomato that people always seem to complement me on . I wear it with short nails of course and since getting it two weeks ago I am unable to change it , I repainted my nail 3 times since and they have been Geranium all the way through . Great for the summer , I ca n't wait to break out my flip flops and rock my toes with this color.If you have nails and love to paint them then you ca n't go wrong with Essie ! - Kasia S.
 Love this color - not too sheer , not too heavy . Perfect for both french manicures and just alone for a clean , pretty look .
 I was originally gifted this nail polish in a sample size and I used it up in a record amount of time . It is , hands down , my favorite Essie color ever . It looks good on all skin tones and it neutral . You only need two coats - it 's not like other `` pastel '' nail colors , where you have to do a ton of layers . I recommend this to every one would loves a neutral color and/or Essie . It 's the best !!!!!
 I never write review but I felt like I needed to do this for this product . It is one of the best polishes that I have bought , the color is absolutely amazing , goes on smoothly and lasts well . I will be comming back to Essie to try the other colors .
 I love Essie products and I love this color . It is a shade darker than I thought , but it works !
 All the Essie nail polish colors are terrific . This particular color is one of the beauties I love to wear on both fingers and toes .
 I had been looking all over town for this exact Essie color after seeing it at a nail salon . It is a great pink color for summer ! Product arrived early -LRB- a few days before the estimated arrival date -RRB- and it was exactly as it was described . I am a very happy customer !
 I purchased Aruba blue and boy do I love it !! it 's the perfect cobalt blue . I have caramel skin and it went well with my complexion . My mother who is fairer tried this on and it looked just as amazing on her . I think any girl of any shade can rock this color .
 This nail polish really must look good on all skin tones ... just like In Style magazine recommended . It looks great on my toes . Not too pale , not too pink , just right !
 I bought this color for my bridesmaids , for them to wear it polish for my wedding . It came out very pretty and smooth but it was a little light . The girls layered on about four layers and it looked great !
 Essie products are always the very best . Have lots of nail polish from Essie and I am never disappointed . Go Essie !
 It was a gift , so I cant tell much about the product . But the girl who received it was quite happy .
 I love this color so much ! I got compliments on this color . Essie is a good nail company . The shipper also sent this product very fast .
 I bought this to replace my first bottle of Essie Innocent when it spilled in my luggage on a flight . I love the color so much I had to replace it ! I have very fair skin and this color looks great .
 Wearing dark colored nail polish in the fall lends a great air of sophistication to any outfit . Wear this polish , and you 'll get into the classiest clubs in town !
 Nice color , Kinda a light peachish color . The order arrived very quickly . I had to put on a good 4 or 5 coats on each nail to make the color really show which is why its 4 stars not 5 .
 I am always on the lookout for astonishing nail color . I do not have pretty hands . I have a lot of red in my skin and dark , bright polishes seem to emphasize this . I have tried Essie Ballet Slippers and Essie Mademoiselle , but found them to be just a bit lighter than what I wanted and it also took at least four coats to produce the desired result . Who has time for that ? Two coats of Delicacy covers well ; three is better followed by Essie topcoat . My nails look neat , finished and not bare but they do n't scream `` I 've been polished '' either . The polish has just enough pink to give definition with a very slight pearl appearance . It 's a perfect shade for me .
 Beautiful pale pink - not too pink - with a hint of gleam . It is n't shimmery but has almost an irredenscent look about it . Only wish Essie still made/sold this color . It is off the shelves and I can only find it online . Also wish Essie would make the shelac/gel polishes and definitely in this color !
 I really like this shade , but I find that he coverage is rather inconsistent . I have applied two coats to my nails , and the color is sort of splotchy . When I was touching up my nails , I added a 3rd coat , and it seemed to make the color really pop . I would recommend applying 3 light coats and you will get the full richness of this incredible red . I think this is my new favorite color . It 's glamourous and also bright and feminine . It is a bold red , but nor orange or gothy . I really like the way it looks on my skin tone .
 This pinkish color is soooo pretty . It is a bright pink that looks really great in sunshine . Just a cream color without glitters . And the quality is decent . Only one coat is enough . But I apply two coats anyway . And it stays on my nails perfectly for five days until I want to switch the color ! It 's amazing .
 I love Essie products , but they 're so expensive . I was so pleased when I found them on Amazon at great prices . I got the Bordeaux and I love it . It looks great on both hands and toes . The color is same as what you see in the picture -LRB- or at least i , t appears so on my netbook screen . -RRB- If you 're thinking Essie products are a little too expensive for you , pay the extra bucks and treat yourself . You wo n't regret it . It lasts twice longer than any other miracle nail polish I ever owned , and it DOES NOT CHIP . My manicure looked just as good after 2 weeks as the day I made it -LRB- except for the gap in between the cuticles and polish line -- too bad nails grow so fast -RRB- . GREAT PRODUCT !
 Awe , this color Marshmallow by Essie holds a special place in my heart . I used this white nail polish for white on white french manicures for 10 years and I used to get compliments non stop . I wear short dark nails now but I never forgot where it all started for me , with Essie Marshmallow . Best white polish ever .
 I purchased nail polish from this company . The order came very fast the company kept in contact with me to make sure I was satisfied with my order . They even called me ! Awesome place to shop !
 I love Essie ! It 's a great nail polish !!! The price is very good ! This time I bought `` Catwalk '' the color is beautiful . I get lots of compliments !
 Typical I do n't buy Essie brand nail polish besides their ridge filling base but this color attracted me . I was always worried about how this color would look on my dark brown skin tone but once I gave in and bought ; I do n't know what the doubt was about ! It looks great on me and I have a feeling it 'd look better on all skin types . I really do n't like to brushes on Essie nail polish because it does n't give me that professional finish look I enjoy at a nail salon but overall the color is great . A great base and top coat will allow this color to last at least 2 days , possibly more .
 I love Essie products . I have at least 30 of their polishes , ranging from sheer pinks all the way to the darkest blacks . This color looks really good on my skin tone -LRB- black , caramel skin tone -RRB- . I love the fact that with a simple coat of Essie base coat , 2 coats of polish , and a coat of top coat , my nails will look good for at least 5 days with proper maintenance.Most people who are complaining about their polish not lasting need to follow a few simple steps to make it last longer.1-Thin coats are best . Thick coats tend to lead to more porous polish . More porous = more likely to chip.2-Dry manicures are better than wet ones . If you polish after soaking your nails for any period of time , the nail bed expands . Drying then causes it to contract , making it more likely to have base coat and thus nail polish that does n't adhere properly.3-Wear gloves when washing dishes .
 I 've been searching everywhere for this color ! It 's the perfect nude in my opinion . :-RRB- Definitely my new staple nail polish color .
 This is a deep rich red that you can wear casually and formally as well . It has a creme feel to it .
 This is MY ALL TIME FAVORITE NAIL POLISH . PERIOD . It is such a great color and it looks good with my skin color -LRB- olive -RRB- . I take it with me whenever I go to the nail salon in case they do n't have it . I call it true blood because it kinda reminds me of the show : -RRB-
 * Description from essie.com
 I expected Swing Velvet to be more of a dark pink shimmer but it has a lot of red tones to it . It 's slightly more pink than Thigh High , but the two are very close .
 I love this polish . The color is very subtle , pretty and sophisticated . This polish works well with everything . I ca n't wait to wear it again !
 i love the color . my mom used to wear nail polish like this in her early days and when i got her this she really liked it . Its not a brown colo. its kind of a dark brown with a hint of dark red . really nice !!
 Overall I would rate this 4 stars . The product came intact , wrapped very nicely in bubble-wrap and was not opened or spilled . The color is displayed a little brighter in the picture than it is when you see it in real life . It takes about three coats in order to get the color to show up on your nail and not have your nail show through under the polish .
 I bought Essie because I am falling in love with their nail polishes , since they are fast drying and long lasting . However , this one was a little too watery . While I was applying it , a few drops dripped onto the table . I have never experienced this with any other Essie nail polishes . Speaking of the color , its a cream white color , and its usually opaque in 2 coats . Its an okay polish , I would n't re-purchase .
 This polish has a metallic shimmer to it that makes it look really great . This has been my favorite polish color since I got it .
 When I opened the bottle , this looked a little like a brown and I am NOT a brown polish girl . Once I put it on , I was relieved and excited ! Love this color !
 I love this color ! However , the formula of the polish is a little thin and runny . I needed 3 coats to get it opaque , but it looked beautiful .
 Bought this after seeing it won some beauty award and I was looking for a nice neutral pink . It is pretty but it very sheer , like clear nail polished classed up a notch . Pretty , but nothing special . No problems with chipping etc. .
 Essie is the only fingernail polish I use . This is such a beautiful color . I look forward to coming seasons of color .
 I love this polish . The color is a perfect brown and it goes on so smooth . It is well worth the money .
 It 's such a beautiful deep red color that I 've never seen before , 2 coats work great , but if you go for 3 the color is just perfect ! Ecspecially for pale skin ladies ! This color is perfect for fall , and for me , I added glitter to 1/2 of my nail near the cuticles and it just works great for Christmas !!! A must have !
 My local stores were out of this my favorite color . I decided to look on line and i 'm glad I did . I received my polish promptly and I 'm very happy with this purchase .
 This is good , but not as pink as I 'd hoped . It was a little chalkier looking and I ended up using a different Essie color . I had ordered it for my wedding , but have used it other times for different days .
 Awesome Product ! Love the color , love the brand ! Essie is up there as one of the nail polish greats !
 This product was exactly what I expected it to be . It arrived rather quickly too .
 I bought this for my husband whose expletives while cutting his toenails were no longer acceptable . Nothing was doing the job short of an axe . So the Body Toolz Nipper was ordered , arrived , put to work , and we are living happily everafter .
 This was a gift for my wife . She was thrilled to recieve this fragrance . I was pleased at the way it was packaged and delivered . This was a spray she had when she was young and could never find . Thank you for supplying it and I am sure I will order more in the future for her . She would like to see if it is sold as a roll-on stick to carry in her purse . Thank you again .
 I have been looking for this for years . I could not find it in any store or even on the Yardley web site . I was so happy to find it ! I have never bought anything on line before , and although I got the wrong thing the first time , they did send me the correct thing and gave me the item that was mistakenly sent with no problem .
 Soft , comfortable , washes well , and encourages moisture retention . Gloves are slightly short , extending to bottom of the palm but not fully covering the wrist . This is n't a problem in the functionality of the gloves , but more of a personal preference in gloves .
 My wife has had a recurring skin condition for years . It requires steroid creams to be used each time until it clears up . She says `` the cream is super oily and it takes a while for it to soak in . These gloves are comfortable and allow the air to circulate also until the medicine is fully absorbed . They wash easily and do n't shrink ! Very pleased with them . ''
 Had to buy these online , because I could n't seem to find any in the town where I live . It 'd be nice if you had the option of picking a size because the fingers are a little long , but since that is a problem I usually run into with gloves that 's not a surprise . The gloves do cover my wrist , so the person who said they did n't probably just needed a large rather than the medium that 's automatically sent . Despite the fact that they are a little big they do fit well enough that I 'm able to wear them while typing this review . The gloves look really durable , especially with as inexpensive as they are .
 These gloves are great . Sturdy - good quality !! Last gloves I got were thin and did n't maintain their shape . Really strong even after washing . Arrived quickly in individual boxes .
 this item was exactly what i was looking for , they fit perfect , and stayed on all night longthanks a lot !
 Very nice product . Only qualm is that they are a little big around the wrist . . almost as if they have been stretched out . Elastic at the ends of the gloves would be a more worthwhile production .
 These gloves are the perfect solution to protecting my hands from cuts on the job . I work in medical records in a doctor 's office and deal with charts and papers everyday .
 These are better than I expected , they are a nice texture and are made well . I expect these to last quite a while .
 Just as they say they are . Very simple , white , cotton gloves . For petite hands . They do , however , stain easily from whatever kind of lotion you are using , but that is n't a big deal .
 These were pretty good gloves but the size was not very clear in the listing , they are a snug size medium , luckily they just fit ! Got 3 pair 1 developed a hole after one use but other 2 have held up to washing . Overall good value .
 I ordered the gloves guided by the costumers ' reviews and they were right ; the gloves are perfect in size , and quality . I am ordering more because my hands are getting better for wearing the gloves after applying the medicine before sleep time . I am extremely happy , thanks to the people who took their time in reviewing the product at Amazon .
 5 stars . It 's the most wonderful stuff ever ! ok 10 stars ! It 's nothing like conditioner , it will not way down thin fine hair can be used every day and just puts moisture back in your hair . Not all that other stuff that can way down thin fine hair .
 I purchased these while looking for more reasonably priced makeup removers that would n't cause me to break out.I use Pond 's removers and old fashioned cold cream mostly . I use this with hot water to remove my foundation and I must say these really remove most of my makeup and make my face feels scrubbed clean . My pores definitely look cleaner . Only think I wish it did better was remove my eye makeup . I use dark liners and mascara and have to do a lot of rubbing to get it all off . Instead I use this with soap so I do n't damage or irritate the sensitive eye area . It rinses clean with just water . Definitely will repurchase .
 Looks like leftover fabric from a novelty Valentine 's day plush toy . However it works great to gently and thoroughly cleanse my face . And , the cloth rinses totally clean . Even stubborn mascara and foundation rinse right out . I have ordered this cloth to give as a gift to my daughter and girlfriends .
 I love it , it 's awesome , i am very pleased , what can I say , get this cause it is totally great my wife loves these things
 I had been using micro cloths for years but this one is so much better . It 's small enough to hold in your hand and makes rinsing your face so easy .
 I have used these cloths for the last 10 years . I wo n't use anything else on my face . I have oily skin and never have break outs . I love the way it feels on my face . I first bought it at bed bath and beyond , unfortunately they do n't carry it anymore . Purchasing for my girls for stocking stuffer 's this year . I highly recommend this product .
 I truly love these cloths . I have been using them for quite a few years and they are a wonder . All traces of mascara and makeup are removed with water.Amazing . They are great for travel . I am only afraid of leaving them behind . It would be nice if they came in different colors for that purpose .
 this is a good face cleaning cloth . it seems like it 's going to last forever .
 OK So I 've been using this product for about 2 weeks and I LOVE it . I do n't know what I was doing before this . With the cold winter months , I 've noticed that my skin gets dry and a little flaky in spots , but oddly I have oily areas in the T-Zones . After using this product I noticed that my skin overall is smooth and glowy all over . I use it to wash off my make-up . Then use Neutrogen face wash and almond oil to moisturize .
 All my friends and visitors who use this cloth , ask me for one . Therefore I order 6 at a time .
 I purchased wonder cloths a few years back at Bed Bath and Beyond , however , they no longer carry them and I was happy to find them on Amazon . They are soft , but clean my face removing all makeup .
 I have been using these washcloths for at least 10 years . I searched all over to find them when the store I originally purchased them from did not carry them any more . They are so gentle on your skin when it is winter and you feel sensitive and dried out from the cold and overheated buildings . And in the summer they dry quickly in humidity . Great for home and travel . They remove make-up and are totally gentle . I was hooked from day one and will keep buying them . I have not found anything as good - not even the disposable make-up remover wipes compare .
 This product was suggested to me from a cosmetic company owner to use in the morning with just water so as not to dry out my skin ... it works great !
 this cloth is more than a wonder , it 's a miracle . Takes off your makeup quickly and rinses out without leaving any stains on the cloth . I LOVE it !
 A friend introduced me to the Wonder Cloth . It is great . I use Blinc mascara and this makes it a breeze to remove at the end of the day .
 This is an excellent product ... you must at least try it . It 's an end to make-up removers . It 's so easy ... just wet the cloth and apply to your face ... rinse the cloth and repeat untill all make-up is removed.Then wring cloth out to dry untill the next time ... it works very well ... can not expound it 's qualities high enough ! Please just try ... then pass it on to your friends ... they too will be amazed !
 I 've owned and used these cloths for about 5 years and am totally satisfied with them . They 're great for removing makeup with just warm water ; no soap or makeup remover needed . The cloth rinses perfectly clean under the faucet , and does n't need laundering for more than a week . I 've given them to friends and grown daughtrs too , and they love them .
 I read several reviews and I agree with the positive results . This product does work well with makeup removers . I like not having to use cotton pads . It 's certainly worth the price .
 I 've been using this product for over 10 years . They are reusable . You can toss in the wash and dryer . Love them .
 The face cloth is very nice . I had a different kind and it seemed better , softer and larger and I think it is probably the cheaper one , which I seem to like better .
 I 've used this product for years . It keeps my other wash clothes and towels free from make up and it lasts for years . The cloth is also very useful for travelling . Just be careful not to leave it out for a maid to take by mistake ! I highly recommend this cloth for daily use if you wear make up .
 I use to use 3 wash cloths a day . Now I can you use this cloth for a week to remove my makeup . I 've only had it for about 2 weeks , so I can say much more at this time .
 Even though it is pricey , this face cloth is wonderful . It washes well , although I simply rinse it out after each use for 2 or 3 nights , then put in laundry . It lasts a long time . It is so much better than using a wash cloth , which becomes permanently stained from makeup .
 I have used this product for 5 years and have previously bought locally . When the store no longer carried it , I searched online so that I could give it as a stocking-stuffer to my new daughter-in law and replace the one I finally wore out after 5 years . The product arrived on time , was exactly what I wanted , only 1 of the cloths was not in the box . It took just a single call to Customer Service to fix the problem and I had my missing cloth in just a few days . It was a pleasure to deal with this company and Amazon .
 We all know we have to wash our faces before bed to promote pretty skin , but sometimes I 'm just too tired . That 's where this wonderful cloth comes in . If I 'm fully made up I bite the bullet and do the whole washing routine , but many days I wear little makeup and would like to escape the ordeal , especially since it seems to take forever for the water in that bathroom to heat up . This cloth comes to my rescue because I can ` wash ' my face with just water , even cold water , and get my skin completely clean before bed . The cloth rinses out completely and easily . I can see the makeup tint on the cloth and see it rinse away.The cloth can be used with soap or makeup remover of whatever kind suits you , but just water works fine for light makeup situations . Both sides of the cloth have rather longish fibers that cleanse deeply . The cloth can be laundered repeatedly with no worry about detergent or fabric softeners affecting it . I 've used one cloth for several years and another similar one , but like this type better because it seems to ` scrub ' cleaner and has fibers on both sides , where the other is one-sided . I will say that the cloth is so effective my face feels dry afterward so I use a moisturizer at night . I do n't have hard water ; it 's just that the cloth is very thorough . I do n't use it only at night . Sometimes I only want a quick rinse in the morning if I 'm in a hurry or after yard work that leaves my face feeling dusty or worse . This cloth is so fast and easy to use , my face stays cleaner and less prone to breakouts . Highly recommended .
 This wash cloth does exactly what it says ! You wash your face with it , all of the makeup and grind comes off your face and in a split second it washes off the cloth and cloth is clean as new !
 This cloth is great . No need for chemicals to remove eye makeup . Just wet it and it removes all makeup , especially eye makeup . I ca n't say enough good things about this cloth . I bought one from a drug store 3 years ago but they stopped selling them . Took me this long to find them again .
 I have used this product for over two years . You can take off ALL of your makeup and just rinse the cloth with water and it 's clean again . I use it everyday and throw it in the wash once a week . It dries very quickly and is great for travel . They last forever , but after awhile the back would get a little gray . Now , the new cloths are the same on both sides so they look good for months . It 's an outstanding product .
 This is a reorder for this product ... it is like no other wash cloth ... I love it !!! It takes every bit of your makeup including mascara ... and rinses clean with just water . I wo n't use anything else !
 I 'm like the first reviewer - I bought mine at a drug store locally about 4 or 5 years ago and I 'm STILL using the two I got then . They work wonderfully . What I like most about them is that I now keep my pretty expensive towels that go with sets looking newer longer since I do n't get lipsticks , foundation and other `` face spackle '' on them anymore.They are very soft and look brand new every time I take them out the dryer . They just do n't die ! I love them most for removing clay face masks that can take forever to rinse out of regular face cloths . These rinse quickly and leave no residue or odors.I 'm only buying another set so that I do n't have to rush to the laundry as often to have a fresh Wonder Cloth . Like I said , they just do n't die - mine has n't frayed , gotten stringy or anything . Very smart product !! Two thumbs up -LRB- and a toe -RRB- !
 I 've bought a lot of stuff over the years that claimed to do one thing or another and it ended up being a total waste of money . This however , is some of the best money I 've ever spent . I bought one about 10 years ago and I 'm still using it . It really does what it says it 'll do . . removes all makeup without staining the cloth itself . So , it gets used every day and I wash it once a week and it still looks new after 10 years . I paid $ 10 for it at Bed , Bath & Beyond -LRB- it 's still the same price there -RRB- . . so that 's $ 1 a year!I do have to say that with waterproof mascara , it does take a bit more work to get it off , so using just a small drop of face wash or eye makeup remover on your eyes and then washing with this cloth , makes it much easier . Even if it 's stubborn and you have to really scrub , this cloth is super soft and very gentle on your skin and eye area . My husband has rosacea , so many types of face wash just irritate him , but he can use this cloth to remove oil , dirt and grit without any reactions to it . I 'm still amazed that none of the makeup sticks to the cloth . . it rinses completely clean . I never travel anywhere without taking this with me . I think it 's just fantastic and that everyone should have one ! I just love it ! Think of all the money you 'd save by not having to buy face wash every few months !
 I bought one of these about 10 years ago that 's still in use . I like the improvement of being able to use both sides . I think they are priced too high , but that did n't stop me from buying two !
 I had this cloth for 3 years and ready to by a new one . I never use soap or any cleansing solution with this cloth . It not will stretch your skin during cleaning , gentle on face , and effective to clean pores . I have oily skin . I love this product . I tryed microfiber cloth and did not like it because it will stretch skin .
 I received the two Yardley talcs in a short period of time . These are hard to find and they smell so true to the Lily of the Valley and Rose fragrance . Thanks and appreciation to the seller .
 I have always loved the fragrance of lily of the valley . My grandmother had a flower bed filled with lily of the valley . I would go outside to sit near the flower bed and simply enjoy their wonderful fragrance . I would have my own flower bed of lily of the valley , but I live in a hot dry climate where the delicate flowers can not tolerate such heat , so the fragrance of this lovely powder brings back fond memories . It is a light fragrance , very fresh and true to its name . The talcum leaves your skin soft and silky and keeps you feeling clean and fresh on a hot , summer day . It 's a delightful fragrance and a lovely powder . I enjoy dusting it on with a fluffy powder puff after my shower .
 Fast and safe shipment , no problem with the product at all.And the smell is just amazing : -RRB- not to strong , just the perfect amount of perfume , and it ` s really good to use , leaves the skin silky smooth , highly recommended .
 I 've loved Lily of the Valley scent since I was a teenager and my Grandpa gave me a bottle of Mugeut perfume . This talcum powder has a nice , long-lasting scent , not too heavy or overwhelming . I ordered 3 of these from the seller - they arrived individually wrapped , one was dented , but it was still intact .
 I had gotten Lily of the Valley in another brand but could not find it . I found Yardley and this is oh so wonderful !
 I was looking for Yardley 's Bond Street in a box with a puff . This was a substitution . It smells ok but not my favorite . Not having a powder puff means it gets all over the place instead of on me .
 I 've been looking for another one for many years hoping the one I had would last forever . It did n't . I was so excited to find this product !!! It was very easy to order and my customer service gentleman was very helpful and polite !! The product arrived earlier than expected and in wonderful condition . I could n't be happier !!!
 I have very curly hair and have used this tool for years . It styles without frizzing and detangles wet hair . Great for both short and long hair .
 I love this comb because its not only the perfect size to travel with -LRB- and wont get cracked to splinters like most combs do -RRB- , I comb trough my long hair almost as fast as when I use my detangler comb !
 These floral waters actually come in the blue glass spritzer bottle that sometimes is shown on Amazon and sometimes not . I love the whole line ! The Rosewater is a great toner and skin conditioner . I love to freshen my hair with the Chamomile floralwater , massage into scalp , and restyle for a fresh soft hairstyle that leaves no residue on my hair ! Consistently a great line from a great company .
 The Conair Travel Dryer is pretty quiet , has two settings , and works very well . The only negative is that it is a little bigger than I thought it would be but with the folding handle it should still be better for traveling than the dryer I use at home .
 I bought this model as a backup when my full size was in the shop . I was n't in a hurry for the other one to get fixed . This little baby is powerful and not too small or too big . Despite all the many options you get with a full size model , I always end up using only one or two and this model was perfect for getting the job done . It is compact , yet not too small , powerful and not too loud - I have no complaints !
 I have had this model for several years and was deeply disappointed when it finally died . I did n't expect to find that the same model was still available but was thrilled to find it through Amazon , and for a great price . I 'm thoroughly please with my purchase . It is light , portable and powerful . It also has an attachment to allow you to narrow the flow for an even more powerful and directed flow .
 First , I got my dryer about ... 5 years ago ? Maybe more . It still works very well . It has good power , but it is n't super loud . Does it actually make my hair shinier ? I 'm not sure about that , but I 'm totally satisfied with how my hair comes out . When I use someone else 's dryer I sometimes think that my hair comes out more frizzy than with this one , but it 's not a huge difference . A couple other reviewers have mentioned that this is n't truly travel-sized dryer , and I agree . It is definitely smaller than a regular dryer , and the fact that the handle folds up does make it more portable -LRB- and just easier to get into a bathroom drawer -RRB- . I use it as my regular hair dryer , and often take it with me on trips , though it would n't be my choice if I had to be really careful about how much space I was using in my luggage . Overall
 I purchased this to use when I am overseas in Asia and it has worked well so far -LRB- bought about 4 months ago -RRB- . Read the instructions which recommend usage on the low setting when traveling in countries not compatible with the US . The low setting when used outside of the US is very strong . I use it for about 10-15 minutes at a time and it 's never shorted or overheated . It does get a bit hot but cools down quickly . Strong and great for thick hair but a bit louder than I expected .
 I have owned this dryer before and it is my favorite travel dryer . As powerful as a full size dryer .
 I use this after washing my hair and it gets out any tangles easily , usually with no pain whatsoever . The smaller version is great for kids who do n't like having their hair combed because it hurts too much .
 I must admit , I was worried about ordering the polish online , but it came perfectly hermetically sealed and is the right consistency.This is my absolute favorite OPI colour but it has been discontinued for about five years . It 'll be sad when it the back stock is finally all gone .
 Fast , timely and beautiful ! Was looking for my favourite polish in my favourite colour ... great price , perfect condition ... SO BLOODY HAPPY ! Will buy from them again , same colour ? Maybe ? Another of the Canadian collection ? I only need 2 more of the colours !
 I got this color in a manicure at a nail salon and fell in love . When I could n't find it in the stores I was glad to see it was still available online through amazon . Great fall/winter color !
 I do not paint my finger nails but like to express my `` wild '' side by painting -LRB- more like someone else -RRB- my toe nails.I prefer dark polishes to the fruity reds , pinks , and greens . This color is sophisticated and dark without going `` goth '' . The trick is to go as dark as possible without wearing black , which crosses into a whole other statement . I like to be urban without being overt . This color looks great peeking out of open toed platforms.A couple of my other favorite Opi polishes are `` My Private Jet '' and `` Suzy Skis the Pyrenees '' .
 This is really great . It 's a lot like Ralph Lauren 's `` Ralph '' but a little stronger . Sweet smell .
 Since I 'm a woman , it seems like any time anyone does n't know what to get me , they resort to body sprays and lotions because all women are supposed to like those , I think . As a result of that , I have years ' worth of body sprays sitting around and going bad because I just do n't like them . But this one is different.This smells more like the stem and leaves of the tomato plant , so it 's an earthy yet refreshing scent . I always get questions and compliments about this spray . I love that it 's not flowery or fruity . It 's probably not something a super girly-girl would like , but for someone who does n't like the usual scents , this is perfect .
 One of my friends introduced me to this scent after finding it at her local whole foods . I searched high and low and could only find it online . It smells unlike any other perfume I 've used . I typically wear Burberry Baby Touch or Flowerbomb but this is my new favorite . The perfume smells exactly like a tomato plant at first spray but after a while it evolves into a simple , clean fresh-cut grass kind of a smell . Highly recommended , very much worth a try for the price , you 'll be glad you did .
 Light clean scent . Not overwhelming at all . My doorman asked me what I was wearing and could n't believe it was Tomato .
 This is my favorite Demeter scent by far . I occasionally buy a different scent and end up giving it away .
 I use hot rollers daily and have a history of misplacing clips . These work for any size roller and are easy to use . They are bulkier than the hairpin clips that came with the rollers , so will take more room in a suitcase . They are a good replacement and I am very happy with my purchase .
 My hair is very slick and hot rollers tend to slide out of the hair . These clips hold everything in place extremely well .
 These clips work great for my hot rollers set . The springs are strong so they hold without slipping . I have also not noticed any denting . They work so much better than the lame clips that came with my hot rollers set !
 Got these because the metal clips with the hot rollers are so hot on my 6 yr old granddaughter . The clip is a lot easier and does not get hot .
 good quality , nice color and heavy duty comb.I recommend it to every one who looks for a good long lasting comb .
 I think they stopped making this color unfortunately . But its the perfect color for a redhead for the underbrow area . It takes the pink out but adds a shade . It does n't crease . Its just perfect . I wish they still made it .
 Initially was sent wrong item , but they immediately rectified that and all was well . Pleasure to work with . No problems ...
 Mustela has been really good for my son 's sensitive skin . He breaks out at the sight of any of the kid 's body washes on the market that one might by at a general retailer.This lotion has a bit of a scent to it , but it 's not strong or over powering . It smells pretty clean . It seems to last until the next day 's bath and it does keep his skin very soft . We live in very harsh winter conditions and lotion is a must during the winter.During the summer months , I use this on my son every other bath . It seems to work very nicely that way . It is n't greasy and it absorbs very well.We have been using Mustela products on my son since he was 4 months old and he is now 4 years old . It is such nice stuff , I do n't know when we will switch to another product , nor do I know what those products will have in them that might cause a rash . There are no dyes in this lotion . A little bit really goes a long way , too . One need n't apply a lot to moisturize a child 's body .
 I love Mustela products ! I love this lotion and use it on my baby every day ! It smells great and keeps her skin soft .
 My daughter has severe eczema and have been using this product now for many months with very good results . I have got so many compliments about how great she smells . Some people might be put off by the smell though . It is a great moisturizer . I found it a little pricey but anything for her .
 I have used this lotion on my daughter since she was born an her skin is as soft as the day she was born ... she does have sensitive skin and has never had any problems . . i love this lotion !
 Love the scent and its gentle on my baby 's skin . Seems to hydrate well . Love the bath/hair soap that goes with .
 Mustela Hydra-Bebe Body LotionSilky skin , gentle to baby , and the most scrumptuous scent ever
 I purchased this Body moisturiser cream after my first purchase of Mustela products - the hair and body wash . Both this moisturiser and the body wash are awesome products and smell great . They last forever too - I 've used the body & hair wash every single day and my baby 's 4 months and there 's still heaps left . My coworkers comment on her yummy `` baby smell '' . I do n't think you really need body moisturiser for a baby - unless you want to give your baby massages . After they lose all that flaky skin when they 're little , their skin becomes soft , smooth and definitely not dry -LRB- at least that 's the case with my 4 month old -RRB- . So do n't bother purchasing this unless you want to massage your baby.PS I use this to massage my baby girl and I do n't think she really enjoys the massage - I am persisting because maybe the sounds she 's making are good sounds ... or curious sounds ... I am still learning ... but your baby may be different .
 I love love love Mustela bebe products in general , I 'm living in New York City and discovered this brand whilst on holiday with my baby in Spain , we used the body lotion , the foam bath -LRB- works well as a shower gel too -RRB- , the creme pour le change -LRB- butt cream lol -RRB- ... then after becoming addicted to the smell , and the gentle feel of these french skin products for baby ... I checked out Amazon and began ordering to my home in NY , we tried the physiobebe -LRB- a no rinse cleansing fluid , use this for travelling out and about . . when baby poops himself in the park or somewhere there 's no easy way to wash him down with a damp wash cloth ... this cleans up messier messes like a woman 's cleanser would removing all traces with ease and leaving a much more pleasant smell , useful for when wipes are n't quite enough -RRB- . We also tried the eau de cologne for baby -LRB- very light scent and so gentle , smells like rest of mustela products -RRB- this comes in the cutest glass bottle and would make a lovely baby shower gift . I also use the mustela face cream on my baby to preserve his perfect skin lol It 's just beautiful lightly scented gentle products . . I would highly recommend . I 'm going to try the sun screen -LRB- nivea baby is very greasy not such a pleasant consistency -RRB- and the shampoo . Price to buy in USA is comparative to prices I paid in Europe so it 's not hiked up too much , maybe a little though . Oh yes and I got the face wipes too which are great for cleaning baby 's face when out and about ... and you want him to remain perfectly smelling and groomed ! and no I do not rep Mustela just love the products especially compared the stuff available on the US market .
 VIvo en Venezuela , y aqu&iacute; nadie vende productos Mustela , que considero lo m&aacute;s sofisticado en cosmetica para bebes y ni & ntilde ; os . Mi hijo usa toda la linea Mustela , desde Estelatopia hasta los protectores solares . El tratamiento con Hidrocortizona fu&eacute; suspendido pu&eacute;s la aplicaci&oacute;n de los productos Mustela hizo desaparecer magicamente todos los s&iacute;ntomas y signos de la dermatitis at&oacute;pica . A todos los padres del mundo , por favor , solo usen esta marca de productos .
 I bought this to mix with black milk tea powder for bubble tea drinks . It tastes just like the 3-dollar drinks I buy at the bubble tea store , but it costs a fraction of the price . It is also good mixed in with hot chocolate and alcoholic drinks . The coconut flavor is rich and sort of roasted/toasted . Buy it with the black milk tea powder and the tapioca pearls and you can have bubble tea at home and make it for friends . The bag it comes in is fairly large and it lasts a long time . I go through two black milk tea bags for every one of the flavor bags . It also comes with a scoop which is great for measuring the right amount .
 Love this product for keeping the hair in control and achieving a semi-wet look . Smell is a bit strong for me , but i get used to it .
 Used this gel a few years ago and was bummed when I was looking for it again and could n't find it . Good stuff ! Makes my hair spikey ! : -RRB-
 This product was discontinued in salons here in Chattanooga , I shopped high and low ... A friend suggested going to Amazon , and Amazon is amazing , they had it , again , a great value for the quantity of product , got my hair back in shape !
 I have been using this product for years and is not available in retail stores . I was happy to find it on Amazon .
 Since I 'm a woman , it seems like any time anyone does n't know what to get me , they resort to body sprays and lotions because all women are supposed to like those , I think . As a result of that , I have years ' worth of body sprays sitting around and going bad because I just do n't like them . But this one is different.This smells more like the stem and leaves of the tomato plant , so it 's an earthy yet refreshing scent . I always get questions and compliments about this spray . I love that it 's not flowery or fruity . It 's probably not something a super girly-girl would like , but for someone who does n't like the usual scents , this is perfect .
 One of my friends introduced me to this scent after finding it at her local whole foods . I searched high and low and could only find it online . It smells unlike any other perfume I 've used . I typically wear Burberry Baby Touch or Flowerbomb but this is my new favorite . The perfume smells exactly like a tomato plant at first spray but after a while it evolves into a simple , clean fresh-cut grass kind of a smell . Highly recommended , very much worth a try for the price , you 'll be glad you did .
 Light clean scent . Not overwhelming at all . My doorman asked me what I was wearing and could n't believe it was Tomato .
 This is my favorite Demeter scent by far . I occasionally buy a different scent and end up giving it away .
 This may be a bit more expensive than regular conditioners but it 's very potent and will last a long time . You only need to use a little to achieve the desired detangling and conditioning effect . Hair feels softer and smoother right after and it smells of pina colada .
 This is the best hairspray I have ever used . i have very thick hair so I use the strong hold , otherwise I think the soft hold would be fine .
 There are very few products I can use on my face . -LRB- I have certainly tried to find something cheaper ! -RRB- But this feels wonderful and I have been using this product for 3 years .
 I have very sensitive skin and rosacea and can only use a couple of products . This works well for me and calms my rosacea . The toner is also great . I recommend this combination of products for anyone with rosacea and really sensitive skin .
 I love the scent . I often get compliments when wearing it . My BIGGEST complaint is the bottle . It leaks when turned on it side . I lost half the bottle in my vanity drawer and at $ 76/bottle made it a very expensive loss . The sprayer never worked that well either . I eventually had to buy an atomizer so I could use the rest of the perfume . For the price the bottle should be better quality . Not sure if I 'll buy again because of that .
 This is my favorite scent from the clean line . I get compliments all the time . Love the body lotion too .
 ITS MY FAV STRAIGHTEN HAIRSPRAY FOR YEARS . IM GLAD I GOT TO FIND IT HERE . IT WAS RECEIVED ONTIME AS WELL .
 I bought this Gel after using their shampoo . The Gel I used to use was the kind from Target that came in the giant tub . This gel holds just as good , if not better than the tub , at half the amount . This gel also does n't feel greasy , and it smells pretty good . It makes my hair look natural , without adding a `` shine '' that some gels add . The only mark against it is the price ; its a little high , but the 15.2 ounce bottle will last me about 9 weeks .
 These scissors are precise but you have to be careful not to knick your self . They are extremely pointy and sharp !
 I am impressed with how long lasting Zoya polish is . Hands down it out lasts and out shines Opi for me . I put nail polish to the test by working outside and constantly using my hands.with a base coat , two coats of polish , a top coat , as well as wearing my gloves while doing dishes or working in water , Zoya will last me the week . This week I managed to chip a finger tip and a quick coat took care of the problem and they look great again.My nails are usually thin and brittle , I have found keeping them polished with colors by Zoya helps them stay strong . They also remain healthy under the polish . I am sold , all my Opi Polish is being donated and I am a loyal Zoya fan from here forward .
 Very pretty reddish/plum color , very creamy polish and the color is great for the fall or winter/holiday seasons . Great price compared to other higher end polishes
 Bought this for my daughter and she just loves the color . I would suggest this color to anyone that loves medium blue color .
 I am reviewing Zoya 's color `` Jana '' from the recent Smoke & Mirrors collection . Jana is a medium shade of greyed up mauve in a creme formulation . The color appears a shade lighter and pinker in the bottle . When I 've applied two coats I see more grey . It 's a nice neutral for fall and goes on smooth and looks great with two coats . It 's not super shiny and will require a top coat if you want shine and to get longer wear out of your manicure . I type all the live-long day , as well as cook and clean and this polish does n't take kindly to such abuse . I have to repair minor chips after a day and usually have to re-do the entire manicure after 4 days . I 'm okay with that , thus the 4 stars , but if you like your polish to remain chip free for longer than a day or two this one may not be for you .
 This is my first Zoya polish and already I love it.I 'm usually an OPI kind of girl but fell in love with this color.It goes on nice and thick so you could easily get away with applying one coat.Perfect fall color .
 This nail polish stays on longer than any other that I have tried . Excellent buy !
 Love the color . It goes with everything . Has a nice shine and golden glow . Have used it for years and will continue .
 I 'm usually not a big fan of nail polish - I type notes for class , and I can not stand chipped polish . However , I got a sample of Zoya 's Feel Collection in Kristen in my birchbox -LRB- which , by the way , I totally recommend . Let me know if you want a referral ! -RRB- , and I had to try it . Needless to say , I was blown away - I ordered the full size , as well as another color in the same collection.ColorI LOVE the color . My birchbox called it a `` cool neutral , '' and while at first I was skeptical that a blue hue could ever be considered a `` neutral , '' I now have to agree . This color is a nice blue with a gray undertone , and it really looks good with anything . It does n't `` steal the show , '' so to speak , but it 's different . I 'm normally a pink-only girl on my nails , so I was surprised that I was so happy with the color.ApplicationThis polish went on really smooth and easily . It was n't glumpy or too thick -LRB- really impressive when you consider that it does n't have the normal chemicals of most polishes . -RRB- I was a little surprised at first , as the color was a bit darker than it looked in the bottle - it did n't bother me , however , since I was n't a huge fan of the bottle color . It dried fairly fast . I used one coat -LRB- it was a sample , after all , and I did n't want to waste much -RRB- , and it covered each nail . I applied a clear top coat , just to help protect.WearIt 's been five days , and I only have one little chip - but that 's because part of my nail tore in the corner . This is really good for me . Normally polish last two to three days for me at best . I 'm very pleased with how well this color has stayed.If I had one little critique , it would be that it sort of seems like the color has faded a bit . I ca n't be totally sure if this actually happened or if my mind is just playing tricks on me , but there 's a chance that it 's a little lighter and a little less gray now . Overall , though , I 'm very pleased . This polish definitely deserves five stars .
 The color of blood , literally . Looks amazing on hands and feet . Lasts a while and applies smoothly . 1-2 coats give excellent coverage . Love it !
 To the company , amazing safe packaging and superfast delivery !!! Colors are semi-transparent and vibrant , kind of like a stain but for your nails . I would not vouch on it 's endurance though , does n't look like it is going to last as long as some might claim ...
 Very good product and love the color . It is almost clear polish with sparkles - great for holidays to add a little shimmer . I am allergic to formaldehyde and it 's great to finally find a polish that does n't contain this ingredient .
 This is the perfect shade of light pink if you like just a hint of color on your nails . This would work well as the topcoat for a french manicure , and it is gorgeous by itself . 2 coats work out great , but I think you could get away with one coat with no problems.I have a few bottles of Zoya polish and they are the most durable I 've ever used . Does n't show ANY chipping or dulling of color , and the color comes off very cleanly when you do want to remove it . It is far worth it to pay a couple bucks more than you 'd pay for a drugstore brand and have a product that is far superior .
 love this polish , its just like the picture . its blingy not glittery like little girl polish . just enough to be rocker chich but sexy .
 I could not find this shade anywhere because it had expired from OPI this is the same color that OPI discontinued it is on the blue side of teel but a beautiful metallic color
 This is one of my very favorite polishes , and I do own many others ! The Zoya brand is a low-toxicity nail polish formula , at an affordable price . It applies super smoothly and dries quickly to a shiny finish . This color &#34; Dove &#34; is perfectly named ... its a lovely light gray ... not quite as light as a true whitish &#34; pastel &#34; gray , but light enough to give a very &#34; fresh and clean &#34; look to the nails , if that 's what you 're after . It 's a full coverage &#34; cream &#34; formula that takes two substantial coats to reach opague coverage . This shade of gray is neither super warm -LRB- brownish -RRB- nor supper cool -LRB- bluish -RRB- ... to my eye it 's a &#34; neutral &#34; gray , so I imagine it would flatter a wide vairety of skin tones , and go with most outfits . I have very fair skin with warm -LRB- yellow -RRB- undertones . There is no shimmer to the color , but it 's nice and luminous . I 'd say this color is office appropriate as well , for all but super conservative settings . To me the color says &#34; modern and hip and creative &#34; yet also &#34; reserved and elegant . &#34; I 'm really fond of shades like this , that manage to be off beat without being wild or tacky . This shade will get your hands noticed though , so make sure your nails and cuticles are well manicured before applying , clean up any mistakes with a polish corrector , and apply hand cream after the polish dries . I used a good base and top coat as well -LRB- Opi &#34; Start to Finish &#34; -RRB- . My husband really loves this color on me , and he 's usually not one to comment on my nail polish . Enjoy it !
 The color does not look like the bottle , closer to a greyish blue as opposed to a purple shade . However it is still a gorgeous color and I would still reccommend it .
 Nice colours but the ones i bought -LRB- ginessa / trixie -RRB- need several layers before I get the finish i want .
 Charla is amazing . Application is perfect . I personally prefer 3 coats for most of my polishes , this is no different for Charla . She is blingy and eye catching and awesome . Prepare for compliments :o-RRB- A known duplicate for OPI catch me in your net and Orly Halleys Comet if you are pining after either of these but ca n't find them or do n't want to pay twice the price for the same thing go for Charla ! Heck go for Charla regardless ; o -RRB-
 I do not know what other customers where experiencing , I got this product from Cosmetics Central , came on time in perfect shape.Usually , my nail polish lasts max 3 days , I use a lot of water and do some house work . This polish , lasted a whole week !!! I think as long as shellac I tried once . I used it as prescribed with armor and base coat . I did the manicure myself and file the nail a little bit.It 's quite dark but it 's in now , no?Hope it helps future customers .
 Wow . I finally found a polish that stays put . I bought the armor and the anchor , but never even use it . The polish is perfect all on it 's own .
 Loved this product . The color was what I was expecting and the quality of the nail polish is great . Look forward to getting more Zoya polish in the future .
 I like the Zoya Nail Polish , in &#34; Raven &#34; . . it needs 2 coats , which is normal for most nail polishes . It 's very black . . I 'm not sure its my favorite formula ever though . Nothing is really wrong with it , but for some reason I 'm not jumping over the moon for it . . its prettty good though and I 'm sure I 'll use it whenever I want nice black nails . I think I 'm going to try Union Jack by Butter London next though and I 'll try to compare which black is best .
 I wanted a light gray color and this fits the bill . It got to me very quickly . Very easy to apply .
 This was the first time I tried Zoya . It is a wonderful polish . Only needed one coat and it lasted a lot longer than I would have expected . The color is so rich . I am very pleased .
 This was my first Zoya nail polish . The formula was good - 2 coats for complete coverage . The halo sparkles were more subtle than I expected and it does require a top coat to keep the glassy-shine . All in all a good polish .
 Love love love this color ! Great product & high quality polish ! Seems to last longer than most ! Love it a lot !
 I am Asian , Light-Medium skin with a yellow undertone , and I have to say that I have finally found the natural nail polish color I have been on the search for in the form of Zoya 's Grace . The application is wonderful -LRB- no streaks ! -RRB- but it does take up to 3 coats to get , not bottle color , but some opacity . Anyway , I still love Zoya and their mission of non-toxic nail polish .
 I own half a dozen or so Zoya polishes , and this one , Ivanka -LRB- bright shimmery , foil green -RRB- , does n't quite live up to Zoya quality . Most look great in two coats , and the third is n't necessary , except maybe on a longer nail to make it extra solid . This color , while beautiful , absolutely requires three coats to get anything that looks close to the bottle color . It does n't go on streaky , though.The color of Ivanka is a bit brighter than Color Club 's 2012 holiday green , and unlike most other green polishes out there , so if you 're willing to do three or four coats , then it 's worth it since it is n't a color you can find everywhere.It 's hard for me to decide whether to give this 3 or 4 stars . If I could , I would give it 3.5 but I 'm giving it 4 because there really is n't anything wrong with it , other than needing more time and care than other polishes by the same brand.The seller I bought this from , Ultimate Beauty , shipped quickly and packed nicely , so no problems there .
 I have found this nail polish to stay on and the color is very nice . It goes on smooth and does not take that long to dry . I would buy this again and would recommend it .
 This is a great color for Christmas . All of the Zoya nail polishes are worth purchasing . These are better polishes for your nails compared to others .
 Been a ZOYA fan for years ! Why ? 1 -RRB- Colors are vibrant , fun and sexy2 -RRB- Long lasting wear before any `` chipping '' starts -LRB- you get your $ $ $ and time out of ZOYA -RRB- 3 -RRB- Drying time is quick especially if you use Seche Vite Top Coat4 -RRB- Add Seche Vite Top Coat over any ZOYA color and you receive that `` WOW '' Factor5 -RRB- Did I mention the long lasting wear ? ** I mainly use ZOYA nail polish on pedicures I give myself . Color lasts a LONG time . When I do use it on my fingernails -LRB- which are natural -RRB- color lasts just as long or longer than Essie , China Glaze or OPI or any other over rated , over marketed and over priced nail polish . *** ZOYA has been tried and true to my toes for years !
 Great silver/white color that goes with any time of the season ! Quick to dry and easy aplication !! I would purchase it again !
 This polish wears great and lacks some of the chemicals other polishes have . The color is fantastic and will wear nicely into fall .
 I got this color for free from zoya.com to celebrate the 4th of July . It is amazing ! I only put one coat on and it was all I needed , virtually unheard of in the world of nail polish today ! I wo n't say all of Zoya 's products are as great because I 've not tried them but this is a winner to me . They now have a loyal customer in me !
 I have several of the Zoya nail polishes and love them all , but this color is my absolute favorite . I 've been wearing it in the summer , but it 'll be great for fall/winter .
 I bought this to paint my nails and occasionally my daughters , so I was looking for something nontoxic . It 's a beautiful color , goes on nicely , but still has some smell to it and does chip after a day or two . Overall , I like it .
 This color has a very beautiful and creamy appearance . The polish goes on smooth and even . I am very pleased with this purchase .
 Purchased my first bottle of Zoya in Poppy . Love , love , love the color . So summer ! AND it does not chip ! I cut the grass , wash dishes by hand , very physical work with my hands . Had it on for 3 days now and not even one little chip . Great price .
 I really like this color . I am a 60 year old caucasion woman and this mauve-gold color enhances my skin tone and is not garrish or too `` youthful '' . I would consider this color to be a `` warm '' color . PRU by ZOYA is one of my new favorites . I 'd never heard of Zoya before I went ` surfing ' AMAZON.COM for nail polish . Come to think of it , there has n't been anything that I could n't find on AMAZON.COM !
 i found this nail polish in a pregnancy magazine , and though i 'd give it a try for health reasons , but even better than that , the colors are beautiful , they go on perfectly even , have high shine , and last at least 5 days ... even through endless hand washing and diaper changing . i highly recommend them !
 I got this as I heard it is safe for use in pregnancy . I was rather shocked at the strong chemical fumey smell still in it though when I opened the bottle . It still smells like normal nail polish . Application is great - I only needed one coat and it was really black . Its been on a week and it has n't chipped and still looks great . Not sure if I 'll keep using it though as it smells like there are still VOCs in there of some kind to make such a smell . But if that does n't bother you , then it 's definitely a great nailpolish .
 I got my nails done at a salon with this color and now I am buying it for myself because I want to keep re-doing my nails over and over with this color . I am enamored ! I get several compliments , but I do n't need them . I love this color enough myself to make me happy whenever I look at my nails even if no one else notices them . I am the type to use conservative nail colors , but this shimmery green is so exciting and cheerful ! I ca n't remember when I first got my nails done with this color , it has lasted so long ! I own over 100 bottles of nail polish and this is my current favorite ! I have never written a review , but this polish is so beautiful , I want everyone to know !! !! Thanks Zoya ! ! ! !
 Found this at Ulta after considering an online purchase of Zoya -LRB- after reading reviews -RRB- . Gemma is an army green color , and in the bottle , you can see the contrast dichroic-type effect of pale purple shimmer . However , once it 's on the nails , that dichro effect is lost . It simply looks like a shiny army green . I think that the difference between regular ambient light in a room -LRB- or outdoors -RRB- and the pale purple shimmer is simply not great enough to show a difference . If you 're looking for army green , go for it . If you 're looking for dichroic effect , keep looking.On the plus side , I did my nails last night and have spent about 10 hours typing since then , and they show no wear at all . Right now I 'm using OPI 's Natural Nail Base Coat and Top Coat , but I have the Zoya products on order -LRB- Ulta did n't stock those -RRB- . I 'm hoping the all-Zoya combo will give me a super long wear . I 'll come back and report in when this one starts to show wear , and also after my first all-Zoya manicure begins to show wear . So far , I recommend!Edit . Zoya took a really long time to ship out my stuff . My Gemma manicure lasted 10 days with only minimal edge wear -LRB- which only I could see ; people talking to me could n't tell -RRB- . I was bored with the color , so I went to Ulta and bought `` Sarah '' -LRB- a metallic red -RRB- and did that with Orly 's `` Top 2 Bottom '' base/top coat . So far this has lasted 5 days and is not showing wear.Of course the Zoya stuff showed up the next day . So I stripped the `` Sarah '' manicure off my right hand and used the Zoya Anchor base coat , 2 coats of Sarah , and the Armor top coat . This has lasted 4 days so far -LRB- no wear -RRB- . I 'm really impressed with the longevity of this nail polish . I used to be an all-OPI girl , but when their stuff started chipping within a day I decided it was time to look elsewhere . Zoya is now my top stop for new nail polishes . Just wish they 'd either ship faster , or that Ulta would stock 100 % of their products !
 Please stop complaining about the color of the product as it displays on your computer screen compared to the actual color of the product ! Anyone who has ever bought an item online knows the little disclaimer that colors depicted online are not always true to the actual color.In this case , the written description of the color along with the image were helpful in choosing this item . I was happy with the `` Riley '' color , and the quality was satisfactory , too . My `` wear time '' before chipping was about five days , as other reviewers already noted .
 I love Zoya polishes . This dark teal color really draws the eye and looks really great . It looks cool in the sun as well .
 this purple has the prettiest sheen in the sun its like pink and gold and the sheen is gorgoues absolutly my favoriiite luuuuvv ittt and the stayyiiin power is amazin glad i got it . oh and the bottle is a lil smaller than most nail polishs but way worth it , very unique purple
 I bought the `` cassi '' pink nail polish . I do n't really like wearing bright or flashy colors on my fingernails , so this was perfect . It gave it a nice subtle shimmer and a pale pink color . I just put one coat and it wore of naturally , rather than chipping . I 'm sure for a more `` pink '' color i could have added another coat , but one was just perfect for what i wanted . Good quality polish for the color . I had n't tried this brand before , but i would n't hesitate to purchase another .
 I love everything about this nail polish , it is easy to apply and makes for a great neutral . This is almost a one coat polish . I used two just to be safe . I adore the fact that it is a vegan polish . Great deal as well , this is very affordable and worth the money .
 I am thrilled to have found a nail polish with out formaldehyde and toulons . It is a great color for spring . I am happy with the product .
 I love Zoya nail polish and this is the best summer color ever !
 I know how fussy nail polish is to photograph , so I understand . However , I thought it was a pinkish hue when I purchased it . When it arrived I thought I 'd received a different color entirely , as there is no pink at all in it . It is , however , a lovely coppery shade , just not what I wanted . The formula is fabulous , though , and I will definitely buy more Zoya in the future . The ordering process was easy , and the polish arrived quickly and well-packaged . I will definitely shop this seller again .
 Very nice blue color ... very soothing on the eyes . Easy application . Great nail polish ! As expected with Zoya . Thank you : -RRB-
 The nail polish is first and foremost , gorgeous . I have been looking for a nail polish similar to &#34; Waves of Enchantment &#34; by Wet 'n' Wild , and found this ! I 'm glad that I found this on here , because the Zoya site wanted practically 20 dollars for this tiny bottle ! Other than the size -LRB- which I know the seller on Amazon ca n't do anything about -RRB- , this is perfect !
 This applies to all Zoya Nail Polishes.I purchased Zoya Nail Polish after perusing their large color selection . Their colors really are great - beautiful pigmentation , wide variety of colors , unique colors , etc.The application is n't as impressive . The brush does n't fan out like my favorite nail polishes . It goes on very thick . If you put it next to other brands of nail polish -LRB- e.g. , Essie , Butter London -RRB- , you can see the difference - Zoya tends to look a bit more sloppy.Is it worth it ? I 'm torn . I really do love the unique colors , but I would n't stock up on a ton of Zoya colors . I 'll pick a few of my favorites and deal with the coverage . -LSB- I will update this review if I notice anything regarding the wear and tear of the nail polish . -RSB-
 Zoya makes wonderful long lasting nail polish in beautiful vibrant and subtle colors . I am a real fan and have using this product for several yeats .
 Zoya 's Daul has really received a bad rap in the beauty blogsphere because of the color and opaqueness -LRB- they argue it 's too sheer -RRB- , but I never had any issues with this product . It 's not a one-coater ; I usually need two good coats to make it fully opaque . And I absolutely disagree that Daul is n't a good color -- I think it 's extremely beautiful . It 's a light purple shade with flecks of gold , which shimmers in the light and make your nails looks metallic . Oh so pretty.This nail polish dries pretty fast and lasts for a long time , especially if you use a top coat . I 'm currently wearing it on my nails and it 's been on for a week with no chipping.As for dupes , there are plenty , but none less expensive . I know Julep recently released one , but it 's more expensive.So overall ... love ! : -RRB-
 Looked a little prettier in pictures I viewed but a good quality polish and I will use this again . I would recommend this to anyone who loves a grey-like color .
 I found this color while getting a pedicure on Halloween and loved it so much that I ended up getting a manicure too , which I never do ! The color is beautiful . Just enough shine and sparkle with a beautiful dark tone . If was beautiful for Halloween and will look great for Christmas too ! . Year round really ! Also , I am a huge fan of Zoya . Their colors last . No chipping here !
 I received my nail polish quickly and was very happy with it , as I expected I would be . Zoya nail polish is long lasting and beautiful , no matter what color you get . `` Jem '' is a beautiful DARK maroon/fushia/red / purple shimmer . It 's VERY similar in color to OPI 's `` Shoot for the Maroon '' , but is a much smoother formula than OPI and stays on longer . I will only buy Zoya from now on .
 I enjoy using this soap . It has a mild fragrance and it makes good suds . I save it for use in the tub . It 's one of my special soaps .
 Been a ZOYA fan for years ! Why ? 1 -RRB- Colors are vibrant , fun and sexy2 -RRB- Long lasting wear before any `` chipping '' starts -LRB- you get your $ $ $ and time out of ZOYA -RRB- 3 -RRB- Drying time is quick especially if you use Seche Vite Top Coat4 -RRB- Add Seche Vite Top Coat over any ZOYA color and you receive that `` WOW '' Factor5 -RRB- Did I mention the long lasting wear ? ** I mainly use ZOYA nail polish on pedicures I give myself . Color lasts a LONG time . When I do use it on my fingernails -LRB- which are natural -RRB- color lasts just as long or longer than Essie , China Glaze or OPI or any other over rated , over marketed and over priced nail polish . *** ZOYA has been tried and true to my toes for years !
 Great silver/white color that goes with any time of the season ! Quick to dry and easy aplication !! I would purchase it again !
 This polish wears great and lacks some of the chemicals other polishes have . The color is fantastic and will wear nicely into fall .
 I got this color for free from zoya.com to celebrate the 4th of July . It is amazing ! I only put one coat on and it was all I needed , virtually unheard of in the world of nail polish today ! I wo n't say all of Zoya 's products are as great because I 've not tried them but this is a winner to me . They now have a loyal customer in me !
 I have several of the Zoya nail polishes and love them all , but this color is my absolute favorite . I 've been wearing it in the summer , but it 'll be great for fall/winter .
 I bought this to paint my nails and occasionally my daughters , so I was looking for something nontoxic . It 's a beautiful color , goes on nicely , but still has some smell to it and does chip after a day or two . Overall , I like it .
 This color has a very beautiful and creamy appearance . The polish goes on smooth and even . I am very pleased with this purchase .
 Purchased my first bottle of Zoya in Poppy . Love , love , love the color . So summer ! AND it does not chip ! I cut the grass , wash dishes by hand , very physical work with my hands . Had it on for 3 days now and not even one little chip . Great price .
 I really like this color . I am a 60 year old caucasion woman and this mauve-gold color enhances my skin tone and is not garrish or too `` youthful '' . I would consider this color to be a `` warm '' color . PRU by ZOYA is one of my new favorites . I 'd never heard of Zoya before I went ` surfing ' AMAZON.COM for nail polish . Come to think of it , there has n't been anything that I could n't find on AMAZON.COM !
 I am impressed with how long lasting Zoya polish is . Hands down it out lasts and out shines Opi for me . I put nail polish to the test by working outside and constantly using my hands.with a base coat , two coats of polish , a top coat , as well as wearing my gloves while doing dishes or working in water , Zoya will last me the week . This week I managed to chip a finger tip and a quick coat took care of the problem and they look great again.My nails are usually thin and brittle , I have found keeping them polished with colors by Zoya helps them stay strong . They also remain healthy under the polish . I am sold , all my Opi Polish is being donated and I am a loyal Zoya fan from here forward .
 i found this nail polish in a pregnancy magazine , and though i 'd give it a try for health reasons , but even better than that , the colors are beautiful , they go on perfectly even , have high shine , and last at least 5 days ... even through endless hand washing and diaper changing . i highly recommend them !
 I got this as I heard it is safe for use in pregnancy . I was rather shocked at the strong chemical fumey smell still in it though when I opened the bottle . It still smells like normal nail polish . Application is great - I only needed one coat and it was really black . Its been on a week and it has n't chipped and still looks great . Not sure if I 'll keep using it though as it smells like there are still VOCs in there of some kind to make such a smell . But if that does n't bother you , then it 's definitely a great nailpolish .
 I got my nails done at a salon with this color and now I am buying it for myself because I want to keep re-doing my nails over and over with this color . I am enamored ! I get several compliments , but I do n't need them . I love this color enough myself to make me happy whenever I look at my nails even if no one else notices them . I am the type to use conservative nail colors , but this shimmery green is so exciting and cheerful ! I ca n't remember when I first got my nails done with this color , it has lasted so long ! I own over 100 bottles of nail polish and this is my current favorite ! I have never written a review , but this polish is so beautiful , I want everyone to know !! !! Thanks Zoya ! ! ! !
 Found this at Ulta after considering an online purchase of Zoya -LRB- after reading reviews -RRB- . Gemma is an army green color , and in the bottle , you can see the contrast dichroic-type effect of pale purple shimmer . However , once it 's on the nails , that dichro effect is lost . It simply looks like a shiny army green . I think that the difference between regular ambient light in a room -LRB- or outdoors -RRB- and the pale purple shimmer is simply not great enough to show a difference . If you 're looking for army green , go for it . If you 're looking for dichroic effect , keep looking.On the plus side , I did my nails last night and have spent about 10 hours typing since then , and they show no wear at all . Right now I 'm using OPI 's Natural Nail Base Coat and Top Coat , but I have the Zoya products on order -LRB- Ulta did n't stock those -RRB- . I 'm hoping the all-Zoya combo will give me a super long wear . I 'll come back and report in when this one starts to show wear , and also after my first all-Zoya manicure begins to show wear . So far , I recommend!Edit . Zoya took a really long time to ship out my stuff . My Gemma manicure lasted 10 days with only minimal edge wear -LRB- which only I could see ; people talking to me could n't tell -RRB- . I was bored with the color , so I went to Ulta and bought `` Sarah '' -LRB- a metallic red -RRB- and did that with Orly 's `` Top 2 Bottom '' base/top coat . So far this has lasted 5 days and is not showing wear.Of course the Zoya stuff showed up the next day . So I stripped the `` Sarah '' manicure off my right hand and used the Zoya Anchor base coat , 2 coats of Sarah , and the Armor top coat . This has lasted 4 days so far -LRB- no wear -RRB- . I 'm really impressed with the longevity of this nail polish . I used to be an all-OPI girl , but when their stuff started chipping within a day I decided it was time to look elsewhere . Zoya is now my top stop for new nail polishes . Just wish they 'd either ship faster , or that Ulta would stock 100 % of their products !
 Please stop complaining about the color of the product as it displays on your computer screen compared to the actual color of the product ! Anyone who has ever bought an item online knows the little disclaimer that colors depicted online are not always true to the actual color.In this case , the written description of the color along with the image were helpful in choosing this item . I was happy with the `` Riley '' color , and the quality was satisfactory , too . My `` wear time '' before chipping was about five days , as other reviewers already noted .
 I love Zoya polishes . This dark teal color really draws the eye and looks really great . It looks cool in the sun as well .
 this purple has the prettiest sheen in the sun its like pink and gold and the sheen is gorgoues absolutly my favoriiite luuuuvv ittt and the stayyiiin power is amazin glad i got it . oh and the bottle is a lil smaller than most nail polishs but way worth it , very unique purple
 I bought the `` cassi '' pink nail polish . I do n't really like wearing bright or flashy colors on my fingernails , so this was perfect . It gave it a nice subtle shimmer and a pale pink color . I just put one coat and it wore of naturally , rather than chipping . I 'm sure for a more `` pink '' color i could have added another coat , but one was just perfect for what i wanted . Good quality polish for the color . I had n't tried this brand before , but i would n't hesitate to purchase another .
 I love everything about this nail polish , it is easy to apply and makes for a great neutral . This is almost a one coat polish . I used two just to be safe . I adore the fact that it is a vegan polish . Great deal as well , this is very affordable and worth the money .
 I am thrilled to have found a nail polish with out formaldehyde and toulons . It is a great color for spring . I am happy with the product .
 Very nice blue color ... very soothing on the eyes . Easy application . Great nail polish ! As expected with Zoya . Thank you : -RRB-
 The nail polish is first and foremost , gorgeous . I have been looking for a nail polish similar to &#34; Waves of Enchantment &#34; by Wet 'n' Wild , and found this ! I 'm glad that I found this on here , because the Zoya site wanted practically 20 dollars for this tiny bottle ! Other than the size -LRB- which I know the seller on Amazon ca n't do anything about -RRB- , this is perfect !
 This applies to all Zoya Nail Polishes.I purchased Zoya Nail Polish after perusing their large color selection . Their colors really are great - beautiful pigmentation , wide variety of colors , unique colors , etc.The application is n't as impressive . The brush does n't fan out like my favorite nail polishes . It goes on very thick . If you put it next to other brands of nail polish -LRB- e.g. , Essie , Butter London -RRB- , you can see the difference - Zoya tends to look a bit more sloppy.Is it worth it ? I 'm torn . I really do love the unique colors , but I would n't stock up on a ton of Zoya colors . I 'll pick a few of my favorites and deal with the coverage . -LSB- I will update this review if I notice anything regarding the wear and tear of the nail polish . -RSB-
 Zoya makes wonderful long lasting nail polish in beautiful vibrant and subtle colors . I am a real fan and have using this product for several yeats .
 Zoya 's Daul has really received a bad rap in the beauty blogsphere because of the color and opaqueness -LRB- they argue it 's too sheer -RRB- , but I never had any issues with this product . It 's not a one-coater ; I usually need two good coats to make it fully opaque . And I absolutely disagree that Daul is n't a good color -- I think it 's extremely beautiful . It 's a light purple shade with flecks of gold , which shimmers in the light and make your nails looks metallic . Oh so pretty.This nail polish dries pretty fast and lasts for a long time , especially if you use a top coat . I 'm currently wearing it on my nails and it 's been on for a week with no chipping.As for dupes , there are plenty , but none less expensive . I know Julep recently released one , but it 's more expensive.So overall ... love ! : -RRB-
 Looked a little prettier in pictures I viewed but a good quality polish and I will use this again . I would recommend this to anyone who loves a grey-like color .
 I found this color while getting a pedicure on Halloween and loved it so much that I ended up getting a manicure too , which I never do ! The color is beautiful . Just enough shine and sparkle with a beautiful dark tone . If was beautiful for Halloween and will look great for Christmas too ! . Year round really ! Also , I am a huge fan of Zoya . Their colors last . No chipping here !
 I received my nail polish quickly and was very happy with it , as I expected I would be . Zoya nail polish is long lasting and beautiful , no matter what color you get . `` Jem '' is a beautiful DARK maroon/fushia/red / purple shimmer . It 's VERY similar in color to OPI 's `` Shoot for the Maroon '' , but is a much smoother formula than OPI and stays on longer . I will only buy Zoya from now on .
 This is a great color for Christmas . All of the Zoya nail polishes are worth purchasing . These are better polishes for your nails compared to others .
 I love Zoya nail polish and this is the best summer color ever !
 Very pretty reddish/plum color , very creamy polish and the color is great for the fall or winter/holiday seasons . Great price compared to other higher end polishes
 Bought this for my daughter and she just loves the color . I would suggest this color to anyone that loves medium blue color .
 I am reviewing Zoya 's color `` Jana '' from the recent Smoke & Mirrors collection . Jana is a medium shade of greyed up mauve in a creme formulation . The color appears a shade lighter and pinker in the bottle . When I 've applied two coats I see more grey . It 's a nice neutral for fall and goes on smooth and looks great with two coats . It 's not super shiny and will require a top coat if you want shine and to get longer wear out of your manicure . I type all the live-long day , as well as cook and clean and this polish does n't take kindly to such abuse . I have to repair minor chips after a day and usually have to re-do the entire manicure after 4 days . I 'm okay with that , thus the 4 stars , but if you like your polish to remain chip free for longer than a day or two this one may not be for you .
 This is my first Zoya polish and already I love it.I 'm usually an OPI kind of girl but fell in love with this color.It goes on nice and thick so you could easily get away with applying one coat.Perfect fall color .
 This nail polish stays on longer than any other that I have tried . Excellent buy !
 Love the color . It goes with everything . Has a nice shine and golden glow . Have used it for years and will continue .
 The color does not look like the bottle , closer to a greyish blue as opposed to a purple shade . However it is still a gorgeous color and I would still reccommend it .
 I 'm usually not a big fan of nail polish - I type notes for class , and I can not stand chipped polish . However , I got a sample of Zoya 's Feel Collection in Kristen in my birchbox -LRB- which , by the way , I totally recommend . Let me know if you want a referral ! -RRB- , and I had to try it . Needless to say , I was blown away - I ordered the full size , as well as another color in the same collection.ColorI LOVE the color . My birchbox called it a `` cool neutral , '' and while at first I was skeptical that a blue hue could ever be considered a `` neutral , '' I now have to agree . This color is a nice blue with a gray undertone , and it really looks good with anything . It does n't `` steal the show , '' so to speak , but it 's different . I 'm normally a pink-only girl on my nails , so I was surprised that I was so happy with the color.ApplicationThis polish went on really smooth and easily . It was n't glumpy or too thick -LRB- really impressive when you consider that it does n't have the normal chemicals of most polishes . -RRB- I was a little surprised at first , as the color was a bit darker than it looked in the bottle - it did n't bother me , however , since I was n't a huge fan of the bottle color . It dried fairly fast . I used one coat -LRB- it was a sample , after all , and I did n't want to waste much -RRB- , and it covered each nail . I applied a clear top coat , just to help protect.WearIt 's been five days , and I only have one little chip - but that 's because part of my nail tore in the corner . This is really good for me . Normally polish last two to three days for me at best . I 'm very pleased with how well this color has stayed.If I had one little critique , it would be that it sort of seems like the color has faded a bit . I ca n't be totally sure if this actually happened or if my mind is just playing tricks on me , but there 's a chance that it 's a little lighter and a little less gray now . Overall , though , I 'm very pleased . This polish definitely deserves five stars .
 The color of blood , literally . Looks amazing on hands and feet . Lasts a while and applies smoothly . 1-2 coats give excellent coverage . Love it !
 To the company , amazing safe packaging and superfast delivery !!! Colors are semi-transparent and vibrant , kind of like a stain but for your nails . I would not vouch on it 's endurance though , does n't look like it is going to last as long as some might claim ...
 Very good product and love the color . It is almost clear polish with sparkles - great for holidays to add a little shimmer . I am allergic to formaldehyde and it 's great to finally find a polish that does n't contain this ingredient .
 This is the perfect shade of light pink if you like just a hint of color on your nails . This would work well as the topcoat for a french manicure , and it is gorgeous by itself . 2 coats work out great , but I think you could get away with one coat with no problems.I have a few bottles of Zoya polish and they are the most durable I 've ever used . Does n't show ANY chipping or dulling of color , and the color comes off very cleanly when you do want to remove it . It is far worth it to pay a couple bucks more than you 'd pay for a drugstore brand and have a product that is far superior .
 I could not find this shade anywhere because it had expired from OPI this is the same color that OPI discontinued it is on the blue side of teel but a beautiful metallic color
 This is one of my very favorite polishes , and I do own many others ! The Zoya brand is a low-toxicity nail polish formula , at an affordable price . It applies super smoothly and dries quickly to a shiny finish . This color &#34; Dove &#34; is perfectly named ... its a lovely light gray ... not quite as light as a true whitish &#34; pastel &#34; gray , but light enough to give a very &#34; fresh and clean &#34; look to the nails , if that 's what you 're after . It 's a full coverage &#34; cream &#34; formula that takes two substantial coats to reach opague coverage . This shade of gray is neither super warm -LRB- brownish -RRB- nor supper cool -LRB- bluish -RRB- ... to my eye it 's a &#34; neutral &#34; gray , so I imagine it would flatter a wide vairety of skin tones , and go with most outfits . I have very fair skin with warm -LRB- yellow -RRB- undertones . There is no shimmer to the color , but it 's nice and luminous . I 'd say this color is office appropriate as well , for all but super conservative settings . To me the color says &#34; modern and hip and creative &#34; yet also &#34; reserved and elegant . &#34; I 'm really fond of shades like this , that manage to be off beat without being wild or tacky . This shade will get your hands noticed though , so make sure your nails and cuticles are well manicured before applying , clean up any mistakes with a polish corrector , and apply hand cream after the polish dries . I used a good base and top coat as well -LRB- Opi &#34; Start to Finish &#34; -RRB- . My husband really loves this color on me , and he 's usually not one to comment on my nail polish . Enjoy it !
 Loved this product . The color was what I was expecting and the quality of the nail polish is great . Look forward to getting more Zoya polish in the future .
 Nice colours but the ones i bought -LRB- ginessa / trixie -RRB- need several layers before I get the finish i want .
 Charla is amazing . Application is perfect . I personally prefer 3 coats for most of my polishes , this is no different for Charla . She is blingy and eye catching and awesome . Prepare for compliments :o-RRB- A known duplicate for OPI catch me in your net and Orly Halleys Comet if you are pining after either of these but ca n't find them or do n't want to pay twice the price for the same thing go for Charla ! Heck go for Charla regardless ; o -RRB-
 I do not know what other customers where experiencing , I got this product from Cosmetics Central , came on time in perfect shape.Usually , my nail polish lasts max 3 days , I use a lot of water and do some house work . This polish , lasted a whole week !!! I think as long as shellac I tried once . I used it as prescribed with armor and base coat . I did the manicure myself and file the nail a little bit.It 's quite dark but it 's in now , no?Hope it helps future customers .
 Wow . I finally found a polish that stays put . I bought the armor and the anchor , but never even use it . The polish is perfect all on it 's own .
 I like the Zoya Nail Polish , in &#34; Raven &#34; . . it needs 2 coats , which is normal for most nail polishes . It 's very black . . I 'm not sure its my favorite formula ever though . Nothing is really wrong with it , but for some reason I 'm not jumping over the moon for it . . its prettty good though and I 'm sure I 'll use it whenever I want nice black nails . I think I 'm going to try Union Jack by Butter London next though and I 'll try to compare which black is best .
 I wanted a light gray color and this fits the bill . It got to me very quickly . Very easy to apply .
 This was the first time I tried Zoya . It is a wonderful polish . Only needed one coat and it lasted a lot longer than I would have expected . The color is so rich . I am very pleased .
 This was my first Zoya nail polish . The formula was good - 2 coats for complete coverage . The halo sparkles were more subtle than I expected and it does require a top coat to keep the glassy-shine . All in all a good polish .
 Love love love this color ! Great product & high quality polish ! Seems to last longer than most ! Love it a lot !
 I am Asian , Light-Medium skin with a yellow undertone , and I have to say that I have finally found the natural nail polish color I have been on the search for in the form of Zoya 's Grace . The application is wonderful -LRB- no streaks ! -RRB- but it does take up to 3 coats to get , not bottle color , but some opacity . Anyway , I still love Zoya and their mission of non-toxic nail polish .
 I own half a dozen or so Zoya polishes , and this one , Ivanka -LRB- bright shimmery , foil green -RRB- , does n't quite live up to Zoya quality . Most look great in two coats , and the third is n't necessary , except maybe on a longer nail to make it extra solid . This color , while beautiful , absolutely requires three coats to get anything that looks close to the bottle color . It does n't go on streaky , though.The color of Ivanka is a bit brighter than Color Club 's 2012 holiday green , and unlike most other green polishes out there , so if you 're willing to do three or four coats , then it 's worth it since it is n't a color you can find everywhere.It 's hard for me to decide whether to give this 3 or 4 stars . If I could , I would give it 3.5 but I 'm giving it 4 because there really is n't anything wrong with it , other than needing more time and care than other polishes by the same brand.The seller I bought this from , Ultimate Beauty , shipped quickly and packed nicely , so no problems there .
 I have found this nail polish to stay on and the color is very nice . It goes on smooth and does not take that long to dry . I would buy this again and would recommend it .
 I know how fussy nail polish is to photograph , so I understand . However , I thought it was a pinkish hue when I purchased it . When it arrived I thought I 'd received a different color entirely , as there is no pink at all in it . It is , however , a lovely coppery shade , just not what I wanted . The formula is fabulous , though , and I will definitely buy more Zoya in the future . The ordering process was easy , and the polish arrived quickly and well-packaged . I will definitely shop this seller again .
 purchased this for my father for christmas and he loves the scent . its not easy to find scented powder and he was very happy with this one .
 The product is good and meets expectations . I 'm glad I bought this product . As a suggestion , try to lower prices . Thanks.Regards fron Colombia .
 I use this two times a week and ca n't complain at how wonderful my hair is looking . I was having very dry course hair , and have tried lots of different shampoos from stores and salons . Well Not anymore . This one is a keeper . I have natural curly hair who needs lots of moisture . This does it for me . It does have a medicine smell to it , but I guess that 's why is working finely .
 This is by far the best product I have come across that creates thicker fuller hair if you have fine thin straight hair . I have tried other liquid to mousse volume/texture products such as Jonathan product Volumizing mousse and Enjoy 's volumizing mousse and this is the only one that delivers . It may cause a little dryness , but just deep condition weekly . It protects your hair from blow drying , curling and any other styling . I 'm not sure if it is being discontinued , because there are few places that carry it . But this product really works to create thicker hair . Highly recommended and it is n't expensive .
 I 'm allergic to alot of fragranced products-this is a great shampoo , even a general purpose liquid soap and never get a head ache or any thing . If your a sensitive person , try one bottle , I always check things first before stocking up to make very sure you love it as I do.And I bet it is even a nicer shampoo for hair than you are used to and I use it all over in the shower-the best for skin as well .
 I really like this shampoo , it leaves my hair soft and I 'm glad it is fragrance free . I will definitely buy it again .
 I have chemical sensitivites and I used Magick Botanicals fragrance free shampoo previously , but it always left me feeling very ill after use . Now that I am using Earth Science , I do n't have that problem and am enjoying washing my hair .
 My husband needs fragrance free stuff ... and he has a little dandruff . It has been difficult to find a good shampoo that is fragrance free and tackles the dandruff problem . Thankfully I have found this one . It works great , giving him shiny , healthy hair with no dandruff . Another good thing ... the price per ounce is cheaper than a lot of other fragrance free shampoos . This is one shampoo I 'll always keep on hand . Thank you Earth Science .
 I get migraines from fragrances , so have been searching for a good fragrance-free shampoo . All products I have tried dry out my hair , but this product seems somewhat better than most -LRB- although I think this is due more to the conditioner than the shampoo -RRB- . This product lathers well and seems to add some body as it shampoos , but does cause tangles that you need to comb out . Even some products that claim to be fragrance-free have a detectable odor , but I have detected no odor with this product at all.I ordered several bottles at once to save on future S&H ; charges . The product arrived promptly and was 12 oz . bottles , so no problems there . Overall , I would recommend trying this product if you are searching for a fragrance-free alternative .
 I 'm so glad to have finally found fragrance free shampoo that works really well ! It does n't dry out your scalp and there 's no perfume . It 's nice to find something so affordable .
 I have been using Earth Science Fragrance Free Shampoo for years , and am a satisfied repeat customer . It 's a simple product that works great . Gets my hair clean without being harsh , and avoids the perfumes , etc , to which I am sensitive . If you want conditioning , too , their fragrance free conditioner also works well , with the same benefits . I usually buy six at a time to save on shipping . I will continue to buy it as long as I have hair !
 Switched to a fragrance free shampoo/conditioner recently due to chemical allergies . This is a great shampoo -- the best fragrance free one I 've used so far . I have also used the Whole Foods Fragrance-free shampoo , which was a lot cheaper , but had a horrible smell and did n't work that well . Two thumbs up for this one !
 I love this product . It has stopped the itching on my head . I have been hunting for perfume free shampoo for several months , and finally got wise and searched on the computer . There it was !
 Great product , just do n't recommend you order it from this supplier . If you are allergic to perfume , this is a reliable choice . But , the supplier did n't send the correct quantity -LRB- bottle sizes turned out to be MUCH smaller than advertised.KInd of a gyp . -RRB-
 I love this shampoo . Wild Oats does n't sell it anymore . I tried using other shampoos , but they all made my hair so flat . Finally I found someone at Wild Oats who remembered the name of the shampoo after I described the bottle to her and I 'm so glad I 've found it online . I 'm stocking up on it just in case . I did n't realize what a good shampoo it was until I had to go without it .
 I 'm very sensitive to chemicals and this shampoo is great . Unfortunately , I ordered 17oz and only got 12oz ... a month and a half late . Needless to say , I wo n't be using Vitamin Shoppe again .
 I love this shampoo ! It smells like fresh oranges or grapefruits . I only need a little to get my hair really clean . Gets fluffy & sudsy easily . It 's my favorite ever -LRB- and I have tried many many shampoos ! -RRB- I do have one complaint - I want to purchase it in a huge bulk bottle so I do n't have to use so much packaging !!!
 For those who do n't need an overpowering smelly shampoo - this is for you . Leaves hear clear but does n't dry it .
 Have trouble finding a shampoo for my husband 's sensitive nose . We have used this one for years and was very happy to find it through Amazon . Wunderful product !
 I 'm allergic to most fragrances , and this had no fragrance to bother my allergies . It has a slight soapy scent in the bottle , but nothing that stayed with my hair . It worked well , though I use a bit more than previous products . Overall
 I am allergic to coconut and I was looking for a shampoo without any coconut ingredients or derivatives that are used to make shampoo to lather . This is the only shampoo that I am aware of that does not have an ingredient like cocamidopropyl betaine which is a synthetic surfactant derived from coconut oil . There are arguments on the Internet disputing whether ingredients like cocamidopropyl betaine is an allergen . But each of us has to choose what works for our particular need .
 I 'm folding my reviews for Earth Science 's `` Pure Essentials '' Fragrance Free Shampoo and Conditioner together . In a nutshell , if you 're looking for a shampoo and a conditioner that do n't stink , go no further
 I have perfume sensitivities - can not use anything containing perfumes or even essential oils . I love this shampoo . I have tried several fragrance free shampoos and they either made my hair feel like straw , did n't lather , made my hair feel weighed down & greasy , or smelled off - a chemical/chlorine like smell . This shampoo lathers very well & does n't weigh my hair down at all , no funky smell -LRB- I have a heightened sense of smell so I can smell some things others ca n't - some fragrance free products do still bother me -RRB- .
 I recently tried this shampoo looking for a brand that did n't contain sodium laurel sulfate -LRB- itchy scalp oy ! -RRB- , or penetration enhancers like Propylene Glycol -LRB- allows other chemicals to penetrate skin -RRB- , preservatives like Methylparaben -LRB- which may alter hormone levels and put unborn child at risk -RRB- , Cocamide DEA / MEA -LRB- may contain impurities or combine with other chemicals to form carcinogenic nitrosamines -RRB- , and -LRB- Cocamidopropyl Betaine which may containe nitrosamines -RRB- . At least this is what I 've read . I 'm no chemist . I may be misinformed , so take it with a grain of salt.It basically seems the lesser of other evils , and does n't contain fragrance -LRB- which may be stinky or irritate -RRB- . Supposedly chamomile is good for blond highlights , and jojoba and panthenol is good for hair -LRB- strength ? -RRB- . At any rate I found that when I used this shampoo I needed to wash my hair every other day or less , though there was an acclimation period . Now since I 've run out and decided to use up an old shampoo -LRB- John Frieda Sheer Blonde Highlight Activating Shampoo , which contains above `` bad '' ingredients ! -RRB- , I find I need to wash my hair everyday -LRB- and it looks greasy a lot ! -RRB- Yuk ! I 'm switching back to Earth Science.Earth Science Pure Essentials Fragrance Free Ingredients : Water , Sodium Myreth Sulfate , Wheat Germamidopropyl Betaine , Chamomile Extract , Jojoba Oil , Hydrolyzed Wheat Protein , Panthenol , Potassium Sorbate , Sodium Hydroxymethlyglucinate , Lactic AcidI like the conditioner too .
 I have a sensitivity to srong perfumes and scents that have forced me to rarely use any kind of store-bought shampoos , even baby shampoo , which can be highly perfumed for some reason . When I buy a bottle , it lasts for years , because the only thing I 've found that does n't cause me problems in the shower is Original -LRB- Aqua -RRB- Zest soap , and that is what I use from head to toe . I rarely use shampoo because the typical strong scent makes my eyes water and gives me a sinus headache . Years ago , Ivory Soap made unscented shampoo and conditioner that was the best product I had ever used , but they discontinued production due to poor sales . I wish I had bought a case of Ivory before it halted . I purchased the Earth Science shampoo and have used it twice . It 's great ! It performs well when it comes to sudsing-up and cleaning . If I used an amount equal to 2 teaspoonsful each application , I 'd be surprised . I had no ill affects , what so ever . I highly recommend this product for anyone that has a sensitivity to highly scented shampoos . The only complaint I have is that the shipping for my order was more than the actual cost of the product . It cost me about $ 10 for this shampoo , but so far , for me , it 's worth it .
 I have chemical senstivities . This is the only shampoo that does not give me a horrible headache , brain fuzziness , or make me sneeze due to smells . I 've been using it for 2 years now . Highly recommended .
 I used to be someone who tests out different perfumes and personal care products with different fragrance . However , my husband is asthmatic and very sensative fragrances -LRB- so are his parents -RRB- . When we started going out , I started looking into different products that are fragrance-free . And only when I started doing that did I realize that it is not very easy to find them ! Many products labeled unscented often still have an odor -LRB- pleasant to me , but ` smelly ' as far as my husband is concerned ! -RRB- . It always amazed me how he could tell that I am using a new lotion or shampoo even it has been hours since I have used the product.When I came across Earth Scence Fragrance-Free Shampoo and Conditioner at PCC , I decided to give them a try . And I am so happy with the result . My husband did not complain about the smell because there is none ! Neither did my in-laws when they came to visit . And these products are made of natural ingredients and are of good quality so that my hair does not suffer.I have since then started using their other products . Some of them are not fragrance-free , but the scents are so mild that even though my husband could detect them , they do not bother him .
 I am allergic to shampoos with a fragrance . I found this one online and it is terrific . I used to break out from the perfumes , I no longer have a problem with this . It makes great suds and leaves your hair nice and soft and shiney . I order them 3 at a time !
 I am allergic to fragrance and have oily skin , and LOVE this shampoo for many reasons . It actually works enough that my oily hair is clean for a day -LRB- most fragrance free shampoos I 've tried work so poorly I might as well not wash my hair -RRB- without ever being totally dried out . Other FF shampoos I 've seen are much more money for much less product , so I get more bang for my buck in the Earth Science shampoo . Fantastic stuff !
 My sinuses were going crazy lately . I had to change something I was doing . I am very allergic to anything with perfume in it , so I decided to set my old smelly shampoo aside , and just give this fragrance free product a try . I LOVE IT ! I can tell my sinuses do n't drain like crazy while I 'm in the shower washing my hair like they used to . I wished I would have tried this product years ago . I wo n't use anything else from now on ! This product does a fantastic job !! Next I 'm going to try the fragrance free conditioner from earth science . I 'm convinced I 'll be just as pleased with its performance .
 Wish it was in stores.I have been using it for years.I would recommend this product.Shipment arrived timely .
 This is a wonderful product that I can not recommend enough . It is a highly gentle formula that leaves my hair super rich looking , smooth and shiny . It has helped me to prevent damage that I 've noticed I used to get in the past using other shampoos . It takes a really long time for my hair to get immune to this formula before I have to switch off to a different shampoo for awhile . It really does everything it says , smells great and lasts a long time . On top of this its all natural . Great product I always have in the house .
 Fragrance Free shampoo . This is the second time I 've ordered your shampoo . Used to be able to get it from Wal Mart , but no more so went on the internet and found you . Thanks . I also have to share with my son , because he wanted to try the fragrance free and now he is a satisfied customer , too .
 Right now the only conditioner myself or my wife can use is this one . I am so allergic that she is restricted to the same products I am . Our skin types are different , so this is very time consuming and I am thankful for her patience.As a conditioner , this is just `` pretty good '' according to my wife -LRB- 3-4 stars -RRB- . But as a non-allergetic product , there is nothing I have found better.The only other thing that has worked is plain extra virgin olive oil . The problem is that it must be spread very lightly with a comb or brush or we tend to break out from too much oil on the skin.My background : I am extremely allergic to all shampoos / conditioners / deodorants / etc. .
 After looking for 3 + years and trying over 60 + different shampoos and conditioners . This is the only off the shelf conditioner that works for me.For a year or two , I used regular soap and just had wierd hair , because I could not find anything.I know almost nothing about the chemistry of shampoos and conditioners . I have been tested for allergic reactions by two allergist/dermatologists to 3 types of allergy tests , including all `` shampoos '' `` scents '' `` perfumes '' . They said `` I did not show any strong reaction to anything . `` Yet when I use regular shampoos & conditioners , I get rashes , itchy eyes , runny nose , and am generally miserable.I believe this is because of a combination of being allergic to the scents that most of the companies use and the ingredients . When they use scents like `` floral pure and clean '' , it is just as bad as suave or whatever for me . `` Hypo-Allergetic '' for shampoo/conditioners means nothing positive for me.Recently I have found something new that seems to work
 IMAGE - FIXATIVE GEL NATURAL STYLER 9 OZ for UnisexImage Fixative tames the ` frizzies ' on fine , permed hair . It does n't weigh fine hair down or leave it looking greasy . My stylist recommended it years ago and I 've been using it ever since . Pricing is good and it shipped immediately . An excellent product .
 This stuff is amazing !! It 's the BEST product I 've ever come across to manage frizzy hair . Having wavy hair , it 's always a challange to style without getting frizz . This product makes hair totally smooth , sleek and shiney 100 % of the time , rain or shine !
 I like this very much ! My lips were always chapped , nothing , NOTHING worked for me before . This does and finally I can have that dewey look . The one thing though is that I do n't feel that it has much plumping action but I am not certain because it is the first plumper that I have ever used so no comparison . Overall , I intend to always keep it in stock ; it is that good !
 I buy this product every year . I use it myself and give it as a gift . It always gets rave reviews . A tad expensive but its worth it .
 I have MCS and ca n't use almost all shampoo 's or conditioners even if it does n't have any fragrance . I do n't have any reactions when I use Magick Conditioner . I hope that they will make this product forever .
 As I was preparing to start the low calorie phase of the HCG diet , I put away all my oily shampoos and conditioners and searched for a good replacement . Magick Botanicals Oil Free Shampoo is recommended on some HCG sites and when I found it on Amazon , along with Magic Botanicals Conditioner , I placed an order.I was concerned that my hair would n't be soft enough or the friz tamed enough without an oil-based conditioner but I was proved wrong . My hair feels great and little or no friz . I 've added this conditioner to my after-HCG regimen .
 We have been using the Magick Botanicals Shampoo as well as their Conditioner for years and yes , the shampoo is a little watery , but it is truly the only one we have found that is really fragrance free . Members of my family have sensitivity to anything with a scent and these are the only products that we have found that work for all of us . The shampoo and the conditioner are even ok with color treated hair . Highly recommended .
 Great product . My daughter is allergic to perfumes . This works great and is fragrance free . I even use it myself !
 So , after my love affair with other scented products , my scalp has begun to turn on me once again . Enter Magick Botanicals conditioner . It is really slippery and does not leave build-up after rinsing . I have tightly curled afro hair and I like this product . It provides slip and just the right moisture balance for me .
 There are not many good fragrance free conditioners . This is the best fragrance free conditioner . I would recommend it to anybody .
 I bought this Magick Botanicals conditioner , because it was on the safe list for me , fragrance free , etc. I have contact dermatitis , and I 'm very sensitive . It works great , you only need a little bit , about a nickle ... does the job , pull it through your hair and leave it on for a few minutes .
 I love Magick Botanicals whole line of hair care products . I have an awful time finding hair care products that do n't aggravate me.They have to be fragrance-free and sometimes even that is n't good enough . There are several different shampoos out there that I can use but before this I 've never found a conditioner I could tolerate for very long , even when it 's fragrance-free -LRB- they make me itch and break out -RRB- . And I have dry hair so I really need a conditioner or my hair is like straw some days -LRB- I do not color or perm my hair and rarely blow dry -RRB- . I 've been using the shampoo and conditioner for several years with no problems and the gel and detangling/shine spray for over a year.It 's also nice that , to me anyway , they do n't seem to have much of an odor at all . Sometimes fragrance-free products still have some sort of a lingering odor to them that bothers me.I just hope they stick around for a long time . It seems like every time I find a product I can use the company either goes out of business or they change the product too much and I ca n't use it any longer .
 I was reading the review here of someone who does n't like this product . I am amazed ! I am very very sensitive to fragrance and this is the ONLY product I have found that does n't make me feel sick from smelling the supposed fragrance free product . This one is about a fragrance free as a product can get . It is light and rubs in easily . Oil free ... fragrance free . I love love love this product !
 I have used this product for years and like it completely . I am very very sensitive to fragrances and even some fragrance free smell yucky to me . This one is great at moisturizing and also is easy to absorb -LRB- not greasy/thick -RRB- It is truly fragrance free and I think you will love this -LRB- I sure do ! -RRB- I also get their shampoo , conditioner , etc. . Major brands seem to take the front positions on this site , but this is a better product , in my opinion . pat davis , seattle
 This conditioner makes my hair very silky , and is the only non-scented conditioner I 've found that works so well . I 've been buying this product for several years now .
 I think it works very well . My skin feels very moist after application . It does take a while to rub in but for someone who has a lot of sensitivities -LRB- including glycerine and fragrance -RRB- it is a GREAT product !
 Great for chemical sensitive individuals . I 've been using it for years . Free shipping took over two weeks to get .
 I 've used Light Mountain Natural chestnut twice now and have been thrilled with the results . Beautiful color with no dangerous chemicals . Have a friend with rare blood cancer and found out it can be attributed to artificial hair color . Women need to learn the danger they are being exposed to with hair dyes . Am hooked now for life .
 The light red is a hard to find color both in my town and online . I do n't want to color my hair , just bring back the shine lost over summer 's strong sun . It worked perfectly . this is my favorite Henna brand
 This really is chestnut color . Everyone loved my hair and it reallly does cover the gray . Especially if you have been out in the sun it really brings the color up .
 I have naturally red hair , and was looking to make my hair redder . My hair is a light orangish brown , and I felt it was a little blah . I used this stuff , and my hair became the most gorgeous shade of red ! The first two days , I kind of looked Merida from Brave of Ariel for the little mermaid . After a couple of washings , my hair became a deep red . It 's the kind of red that does n't clash with pink and red , which is awesome!Just keep in my that every shade of hair will turn out slightly different ; dark hair will have a reddish tint , and blond hair will be a bright orangish red . If you 're a redhead looking for that perfect shade of vivid red , this is the product for you .
 so when I used the henna it worked really welly on my hair . dident really notice a change in color but it did make my hair softer and more shinny .
 To start off with the product arrived in a timely manner and was as pictured . on a more personal note ... I am a natural redhead that is experiencing some color loss as i am getting older -LRB- even natural redheads can fade -RRB- I used this product today and am very happy . The process is a little messy but worth it . I mixed the product as directed and left it to cure for one hour , applied it and left it on my hair one hour . I rinsed with LOTS of water and conditioner -LRB- after the bulk of the henna was rinsed out -RRB- The results is the hair i had in high school -LRB- perhaps a touch brighter but I 'm not mad at that -RRB- I will buy this product again . To first time users of any henna product ... be patient I will not lie its messy and takes longer than chemical dye but the result is natural , low cost and chemical free color . Have fun ! : -RRB-
 I just used this product 2 days ago and followed the directions it listed . I kept the product in my hair for a total of 45 minutes and sat by the window and let the sun keep it warm . I included 2 tablespoons of yogurt to moisturize my hair as well as some all-spice to bring out the brown . No clue if either worked but figured it was worth a try.Rinsing the product out was n't too difficult , a little chunky and thick and left a very strong smell that it still lingering but slowly going away . I only used conditioner the first day to help moisturize it since my hair was very dry and hard to brush through after using this product . Afte 2 days of using a regular condition it 's back to what I expect it to be.The color I am very happy with . I dyed my hair lighter a few months ago and wanted something to get it all consistantly back to my original color . I highly recommend this product as a natural way to dye your hair .
 I am severly reactive to artificial hair color and this stuff is great . It goes on like a cow patty and I sit around under a hair dry off and on for 3 hours . To keep the color use half a pack every 3-4 weeks . Great stuff .
 a bit different from standard henna , this comes with easy to use instructions , hints on how to make the color brighter or darker and plastic gloves and head wrap . easy to use and gives great color results .
 I have used the Light Red Light Mountain Natural Hair Color for several months now and LOVE IT ! Not only is the color beautiful but my hair feels so good afterwards . The color is great for my dark strawberry blonde hair which is turning more white/gray at the roots -LRB- and dark underneath which does not take the color as well but is more hidden . -RRB- I am so happy to have found a hair color that is botanical and not highly toxic like my previous chemical hair color products . Also , the big corporate hair color companies were always discontinuing the light red dyes that I needed to mix with blonde in order to get my color , it was very frustrating . Here are my tips
 I love this stuff . My hair is so much healthier since I stopped using chemical dyes . I have medium dark brown hair with natural highlights -- my hair is a beautiful copper brown now . Not burgundy like chemical dyes , so if you have dark hair , do n't expect burgundy . But , it leaves your hair a beautiful color , nonetheless.Henna is different -- its green and kind of gritty , and takes longer to rinse out . So keep this in mind , if you have never used henna . And make sure you have n't chemically treated your hair recently -- it can react with the henna , leaving your hair green !!
 I have 1a/bfii hair -LRB- straight , fine , pony tail 2.5 inches around -RRB- It is about 30 '' long , just skimming waist length for me . I mixed this with coffee , cinnamon , allspice , and some yogurt to condition my hair . I let is cure for almost 2 hours before putting it on , and left it on my head for about 4 hours , using heat a couple of times . My grays did not get covered at all , but my over all color is great . I posted a photo above of before and after hair . It feels a bit thick and like there 's still stuff in it now , so the photo may not give the same idea as to what it will look like when I get to wash it tonight . I think I may henna again in a day or two to deepen the color and get the grays . Next time I will leave it in all night while I sleep . Not sure if I will use this exact shade again or try darker or redder ? Hmmm . But , basically , I am satisfied with the product and like it better than other hair dyes I have used in the past . The smell is gross , but grows on you after an hour or two . lol My hair feels full , thick and very soft . It did not damage my hair . * Update . I did redo it , only this time I used the one with the fox on the box , Light Mountain Natural Hair Color & Conditioner , Red , 4 oz -LRB- 113 g -RRB- -LRB- Pack of 3 -RRB- and like that color better on me . I let those installments cure longer in the bowl , and left them on overnight . My grays are gone ! After reading about henna , I have decided to apply it once a month , at least , in an effort to thicken up my hair and make it stronger . I have already -LRB- with 3 applications in 2 days -RRB- noticed many of my hairs going from fine to medium texture . It is smooth , healthy , bouncy and shiny ... . best product for my hair , ever . : -RRB-
 I was born with a bright , yet deep shade of red hair . Later on in life it has lightened exactly as Anne of Green Gables would have fantasized about to a strawberry blonde ... However , I love the intensity of bright red hair that glows like a fire when outside on a sunny summer day . I 've been using this for a year & no one seemed to notice -LRB- a plus ! -RRB- as I only left it on for a very short time my first time , ever since then it only grows in intensity . I 've done it over such a long period of time so while it becomes more of a fiery sunset color , no one realizes I am enhancing my hair in any way . I 've never had a problem with the color becoming too orange . I would never , ever dye my hair with conventional hair dye as it is too complicated , would ruin my fine , long hair , & force me to a salon which would waste my time & money.Your color will be natural & only enhanced . It will be the exact red color you need for your complexion.If you want natural , healthy red hair , this is the answer!If you 're a blonde & worried , simply do a strand test . If you know you were meant to be a redhead , simply take the plunge ! Do n't worry about it not being the exact color you imagined in your head , you will get the perfect color regardless , a color all of your own that no one else will have ! Do n't care too much your first time when you rinse it out ... Do n't dry your hair while looking in the mirror the entire time worrying , simply go with it & love * your * perfect color . In a day you will already be used to it & loving it even more . If you are a lighter brunette , you will end up with a great color wash or highlights . If you are a darker brunette , I suggest the `` Red '' instead of `` Light Red '' .
 I used this product on my dark blonde hair and it adds a nice light reddish tone to it . It looks very natural.However it is-no doubt-the messiest thing I have ever used to dye my hair with . It is a procedure to get it on the head and it 's a procedure to get it off the head too . Everything takes very long and a lot of cleaning in between -LRB- and afterwards -RRB- is hard to avoid . The muddy-like texture splashes easy and gets all over , so watch out if you are not already a professional with using henna . Other than that I like it .
 This henna gives my hair a great red color . It is long lasting and strong but not bright or too red . It feels so good to use natural dyes . However it is a bit tricky getting used to using heat to set the color and it does n't lighten hair , it only colors my original dark blond to red . I have taken to using lemons to lighten my hair in order to achieve the same color as I used to get from a box .
 I very rarely write reviews but since I poured over every available review -LRB- and probably would n't have ever tried henna if I had n't read all the personal experiences -RRB- , I thought I should contribute : -RRB- MY HAIRMy hair is fairly dark brown with lots of red tones . It is coarse and thick . I started getting grey -- no , not grey ... `` unicorn white '' strands when I was 15 . I definitely have way less than 10 percent white but because my hair is dark and the individual strands so thick , any white , single hair is pretty obvious.It is about 23 '' long in length and about 3.5 inches thick if measured in a ponytail . It has been chemically treated with dyes and bleach . Pre-henna , it was in the `` ombre '' style . Darker roots fading to lightened -LRB- bleached -RRB- ends.PRE APPLICATIONAllergy test : I cut a small corner of the bag and measured one heaping teaspoon into two teaspoons of boiling water . I wanted enough of the product to do both the allergy test and the three strand tests . Since I could use NOTHING METAL , I microwaved distilled water in a mason jar and stirred in the henna powder with a plastic spoon . After the mixture cured for about 10 minutes , I applied it to a one inch square on the inside of my arm near my elbow and left it for about 3 hours . It did not stain my skin and I experienced no adverse reaction.Strand test : Next I collected my hair samples for the strand test . The first sample was from a haircut I 'd had a few weeks ago . I wanted this piece because it was taken from the very end of my hair . Since my hair was nearly to my waist at the time , this piece had been exposed to bleach , many chemical dyes , chlorine , sun ... you name it . I thought that if any piece would react undesirably to the henna , it would be this one . The second sample was from my hairbrush and the third was composed of the strands that came out in my afternoon shower . I figured these three tests would really give me a broad idea of what could happen . I washed the three samples with a clarifying shampoo . I towel dried the samples . I turned a sandwich bag inside out and taped the three samples to one side . I used the teaspoon to coat the samples , turned the bag right side out and sealed it . I did n't apply warmth . I left these for 3.5 hours * . I was very surprised by the consistency of the strand tests . There were slight variations but overall , the color was dark warm brown that looked extraordinarily natural . * I did not apply heat to the strands . I suppose if one wanted to be truly accurate , they might want to tuck the sealed sandwich bag with samples under their clothes to develop using body heat simulating an actual application of the body heat captured by the plastic bag over the scalp -- I just did n't care that much.Prep : The day before , I washed and conditioned withIon Hard Water Shampoo LiterWe have well water and I heard -LRB- from other reviewers -RRB- that the build up of various minerals on hair can also cause unexpected colorsMIXINGI poured the henna powder into a glass bowl . Again , I boiled the water in the mason jars and stirred with a plastic spoon . Feeling emboldened by the consistency of the strand test , I added teaspoon of nutmeg to the mixture . The consistency was a bit thinner than I expected.You may have read that the mixture smells . It does . At times , it smelled like rotten spinach , tobacco , asparagus and wet hay . It was n't abhorrent but it is weird . IMO , the addition of nutmeg really made the mixture less fragrant.I let it cure for about 1.5 hours.APPLICATIONBecause the mixture was thinner than expected , I lined a small mason jar with a sandwich bag and secured it with a rubber band . I poured the mixture into the bag and sealed it , leaving about inch open . I hung a hand mirror in the shower and stood in few inches of water -LRB- as recommended by another reviewer -RRB- . Beginning at the roots , I squeezed the mixture through the opening in the sandwich bag . This method was easier than I expected , but next time , I 'll just buy one of those plastic hair dye applicator bottles sold at beauty supply shops . The mixture was thicker on my head than I expected given its thinner consistency in the bag . It seemed to stay where I put it and was resistant to movement . Since my hair is pretty long and fairly thick , I usually use two bottles , roughly 8-10 ounces , of conventional dye . I had figured that 14 ounces of the henna mixture would be enough . Next time I do a whole head application , I 'll use two boxes of henna . I tried to move the product from my saturated roots to my unsaturated ends but the mixture did n't really move like I 'd hoped . I applied the best I could , then saturated the ends by putting them directly in the sandwich bag . Since my ends were bleached/much lighter that my roots to start with , I was n't too concerned that the color would n't be uniform roots to ends.I wrapped my hair up in the provided plastic cap and secured that with a plastic grocery bag . I gave it a quick once over with a blow dryer -LRB- not much because heat brings out the red -RRB- and wrapped it up in a towel.I had planned to leave it on for 3 hours but it started dripping at little after 2 hours so I rinsed then.RINSEJust imagine you 're having a lovely day at the beach . You decide to go for a swim and get hit by a wave that drags your head about 10 yards against the bottom of the ocean ... Then someone dunks your sandy head in a vat of Mississippi River mud . It 's kinda like that : -RRB- Thanks to other reviewers , I knew what I was getting into . First , I leaned over the bathtub and began rinsing out the ends and moving up . When I got to my scalp , I hopped in the shower to rinse the rest . There was one moment where I did wonder if the grit would ever come out but with a gentle shampoo and deep conditioner , I got it all.I think this is the part might bother a lot of people . I actually enjoyed it because it reminded me of showering after long summer days of surfing , swimming and exploring nature . I kinda felt like a kid again.CLEAN UPBecause I read so many reviews , I had a pretty good idea of the mess I was going to get in ... Yes . It is messy . But , I manage to make a pretty decent mess using conventional hair dye and I 'd rather have non-toxic botanicals all over me than carcinogenic chemicals . Also , the henna dye did n't stain anything except the old shirt I wore to apply . It easily came off all the bathroom surfaces it touched as well as my skin . When I dye my hair with conventional dye , I usually have little stained areas on my skin , sink and tub for a few days . I had no staining with henna !!! RESULTSMy hair is about the same level as before , maybe a little darker . It is surprisingly much less red . I had thought it would be more red from henna . The resulting color is a shiny , rich , warm brown that it still darker at the roots and gradually lightens towards the ends . Overall , my hair seems FAR healthier , stronger , thicker , softer , less brittle , less dry and less damaged . I have never had shiny hair like this . It is more shiny that when I use Biosilk . It really is hard to believe . I wish I would 've used henna from the beginning . I could n't be more impressed . The extra time is worth it ... Remember those glaring unicorn white strands ? They are definitely blended . They are not as dark as the rest of my hair , but they are no longer glaringly obvious . They are a light honey brown . They look like subtle highlights . But this henna is not intended for use on grey/white hair so I was n't expecting complete coverage . Next time , I may experiment using the `` Color the Grey '' box on just my roots and see what happens.I had a fun adventure playing with henna and am very happy with results . I am looking forward to future experimentation.For years , I was on the fence about switching to henna and am SO glad I did . I really ca n't say enough positive things about it . If you are hesitant like I was , I hope this review helps out!Go for it ! -LRB- I 've heard that the color can change over time , especially the first 24 hours . If anything changes , I 'll update this review -RRB-
 I researched henna extensively before purchasing this item and recommend any interested do the same if new to henna . There 's a wealth of resources via Google ; one website includes the individual color properties of the various plant ingredients mixed with henna to create different shades . That being said , you can buy the individual plant powders and portion as you see fit , but I chose to -LRB- as a henna virgin -RRB- go with the boxed proportions . I made sure to find pure plant product contained therein , as some companies ' claims of henna are rather loose . Light Mountain is true to its word , happily.My hair , a naturally dull , flat brown , deepened to a dimensional chocolate shade with this Chestnut color . I opted not to use heat , as the instructions suggest doing so may bring out orange properties -LRB- in retrospect , I wish I had to bring out red highlights -- the initial result was a bit murky but cleared up after a few washes , possibly due to mixing the henna with coffee -RRB- . My hair feels thicker than it has in the past without as many dead ends , but I ca n't say if that 's the henna or the fact that I stopped using chemical shampoos and products as well as stopped straightening.It 's been about four weeks since I applied and while the color is still noticeable , I 'd like to attempt a lighter shade for spring . I 'm trying the Light Brown shade next , mixed with lemon juice and heat to really enhance the lightening properties , hopefully enough to achieve a dirty blond -- but in case it goes awry , I bought another Chestnut to cover up any potential mishaps . You CAN NOT use bleach over henna if you mess up , or you 're likely to melt your hair off . I do n't know if the same applies to chemical color , but I would n't take the risk.All in all , a positive experience ! I just wish it did n't take quite so long to ship , but well worth the wait over damaging my hair with chemical color in a local salon -LRB- and cheaper , too -RRB- .
 I love the way my hair feels after application . It was like super-food for my hair . But while I do n't hate the sort of chestnutty brown that it resulted in , I really was expecting a burgundy . The color chart had indicated that light brown hair -LRB- which I had -RRB- would be a shade of burgundy . Oh well ... too late now . : -RRB-
 have been using product for years but can not find anywhere . think they stopped making it . was surprised to find on amazon . love this as a bronzer . gives face just right amount of color and does not look orangy or sparkly .
 I first came across this product when I worked in London . I loved it ! When I moved back home to Australia my mum and my sisters all wanted to know what I was using . Now they are all fans too . It is the most natural coloured blusher for my skin colour -LRB- fair -RRB- - it gives a really lovely warm glow . People always comment on how well I 'm looking and I know its because of the blusher . I hope other people will love this as much as me .
 I have rated the condtioner for this dynamic duo and the same holds true for the shampoo . I wish I had found this combo twenty years ago , it would 've saved me a lot of hair damage and money . Great products , fantastic prices . Recommend both the product and the seller .
 I have severe fragrance allergies and in my search for products that would n't make me sick I found these . Yes , the shampoo is thin and does not lather well . . that 's because it does n't have the chemical poisons in it that causes `` commercial '' shampoos to do so . If you work it well into the hair it will clean it well regardless . It is just not so that diluting `` regular '' shampoo will give you the same results . It would still be full of countless chemicals that will cause a bad reaction in sensitive persons . You need to get over the idea that a shampoo has to lather like mad to clean ... these products do the job and do not cause negative reactions , nor do they strip the hair of all its needed oils . I am glad to have found them . ~ Mrs. W. James
 I suffer from pretty severe acne , really bad on my back . It was suggested to me that the fragrance in my shampoo could be partially to blame . I had n't heard this before , even after spending years visiting dermatologists . After using this product for a week my back was about 95 % clear ! You do need to use a lot of it to get a good lather . I have long hair so I also wash it twice , but the results are well worth it . I recommend this for anyone suffering from `` bacne '' or anyone with skin sensitive to fragrance .
 I have MCS and ca n't use almost all shampoo 's . I can use this one and I really like it . When you use the shampoo it 's very watery so that it 's kind of hard to work up a lather . other then that , i love it .
 I have MULTIPLE CHEMICAL SENSITIVITY and even small amounts of fragrance wipe me out . I have used this brand -LRB- including conditioner , lotion , etc -RRB- for years . It truly does not have a fragrance smell . Yes , it is a bit watery -LRB- the shampoo only -RRB- as was a complaint made , I see . But nah , you do not have to use alot of the bottle to get your hair clean . Water based is less toxic , and yes you use a bit more to get a lather that you are used . But the trade off is well worth it to not be choking on fragrances and it really does a great job cleaning my hair and my hair is super healthy . I have used it , and recommended it , for years now -LRB- originally had to buy it online prior to being available through Amazon -RRB- SUPERIOR PRODUCT ! This is the best on the market in my opinion . Incidentally
 I am one of those people who have allergies to many things including fragrance and chemicals . I ca n't remember the last time I 've stepped out of the shower without hives all over my neck , chest and shoulders . Maybe 10 years ? This shampoo is such a relief . It is gentle , not watery in my opinion and actually got my hair squeaky clean . I have medium length curly \ wavy fine hair . My hair lathered fine and in fact I found that just leaving it there for a minute or so after scrubbing , it seemed to be foaming up . I love it and would recommend it to anyone needing a break from the chemicals .
 I 've read several reviews here that say the shampoo does n't lather well . That is because it is missing the chemicals that cause lather . Just because it does n't lather does n't mean it 's not cleaning your hair . This is the first shampoo I 've been able to use in my almost 50 years that did n't make my head explode with sores and itchy scaliness . If you 're looking for lather , go find chemical-laden shampoo . If you 're looking for gentle , non-irritating cleansing , this is the product for you . I 've been using it for 2 years now and have n't had a breakout in that entire time . I will keep using it . I do n't need lather to be satisfied .
 This product works great . I bought it because I did the HCG diet which required the oil free products . I would use it anytime ... your hair seems to stay clean longer .
 Nothing frustrates me more than to buy a fragrance-free product only to find on the fine print labeling the word `` fragrance '' or `` lavender '' or `` herbal '' . This is wonderful , clean , pure . Great in the shower and makes a great replacement for all those bottled hand washing lotions that are loaded with perfume . I use it in the kitchen , bathroom , and shower.N
 I could not live without this great product . I am allergic to fragrances and to sodium lauryl sulfate , so this is a mainstay for me . I use it for hand soap and dish soap and shampoo if I run out of the other Magick Shampoo . It works great . Does n't foam alot but you really only need to use a little bit . Excellent product !!!
 Love the smell . Reminds me of a spa . Adds soft golden highlights to my high-lift blonde hair . Great shine . Refreshes my color in between color touch-ups . I can use it as a stand alone conditioner or in conjunction with other conditioners if my hair is very dry .
 I have used Bumble and Bumble shampoo and conditioner for well over 10 years . It gives my hair a beautiful , soft , blonde color without being brassy . Very natural looking . I use it every day . It smells nice , lathers nicely , and makes my hair really easy to manage . Very pretty color ! My actual hair color is very light grey . If you discontinue use , the color just gradually fades away . No roots . Ever !
 After trying several different make-up remover towelettes , me and my sister finally settled on these . Here are a couple of reasons why : - You do n't need water , and for people who wear contact lenses -LRB- like me -RRB- that 's very helpful.-They smell nice - not like anesthetic . Very fresh smelling.-They are n't harsh on my skin . Each towelette is textured which gives me extra scrubbing power , but the texture is n't rough.-They get everything off , including mascara , and do n't give me the raccoon eye look.-They do n't leave a greasy residue on my skin afterwards , and therefore I do n't need to rinse my face afterwards.-They do n't sting my eyes.-The towelettes come in resealable packs which keep them fresh and moist . The packs are also small enough that I can easily take one with me when I travel.-It 's hard to beat this price for this many towelettes !
 I can not live without these . They effectively take off ALL my makeup , foundation , eye make up , etc. , without water . Take these with you traveling , to the gym , keep em at the office , whereever . They are gentle and non-comedogenic and cleanse your skin without harsh stinging or burning .
 I have red-brown hair by birth , but have it enhanced to a more vibrant dark red and have done so for almost 2 years . Reds fade easily and I have been dissatisfied with many shampoos I have tried , often finding the ones with some dye added in them damaged my hair.Not this one ! My stylist recommended this product when I asked about shampoos & conditioners , the last time I had it treated . It works great ; it keeps my color looking vibrant even 3 months later w/o damaging it . This shampoo smells great too ; it reminds me of something from my childhood.The products I purchased at the salon were $ 20.00 each for 8 fl . oz. , whereas this shampoo has almost 4 times that amount for just under $ 30.00 . I do believe you can get great deals on quality products , but with certain items you really do get what you pay for . I 'm done with cheap shampoos & conditioners , this even in bulk is about twice as expensive then the average shampoo bought in bulk , but it is completely worth it .
 This is one of the best color products on the market for covering grays . Ignore the review from the person who gave it one star . If you do n't know enough about haircoloring to know that you need a developer , then frankly , you should n't be doing it yourself . Use 20 volume developer and process according to the instructions . Great coverage !
 I have been using Loreal Excellence along with an additive for resistant gray . My hair always faded during the month . I am using medium brown . I bought this just to try and it is the best tint ever . It was a little too dark first day , but after one washing it was perfect and has remained that way for six weeks . I had to touch up the roots after a month , but the remainder of the hair was perfect . This is a great product , gray or not especially if you have a fading problem .
 I 'm sorry the other reviewer did n't know that developer was required . I buy this shade because it is NOT in the boxed colors in the store . The box colors are very generic and basic . The .1 or .2 or .3 indicators suggest a little bit of different shading in the base color of 4 , 5 , 6 , etc.And the reason I buy Excellence Creme this way , instead of in the box , is because the box has 20-volume developer , which lightens at the same time it deposits the color . I do n't want lightening , I only want deposit , particularly on my grays , and I buy a 10-volume developer , which deposits without lifting . Otherwise , if I use the 20-volume developer , my roots are a different shade , much lighter , and I have a skunk stripe.This is a lovely color , I like , it is very natural ; when I was growing up I had level 5 ash hair with auburn tones , and they were really prominent when I was out in the sun.Buying color this way , in the tube , means that one has options and is not limited to the box colors and the developer inside . Sure , they have conditioners in them , for both before and after coloring , and sometimes I buy those but I still substitute the tube I purchased separately as well the lower-volume developer . Thanks for making this available on Amazon !
 Perfect lip stick and sent very fast ! Perfect service from this outstanding seller !
 I know how fussy nail polish is to photograph , so I understand . However , I thought it was a pinkish hue when I purchased it . When it arrived I thought I 'd received a different color entirely , as there is no pink at all in it . It is , however , a lovely coppery shade , just not what I wanted . The formula is fabulous , though , and I will definitely buy more Zoya in the future . The ordering process was easy , and the polish arrived quickly and well-packaged . I will definitely shop this seller again .
 Very nice blue color ... very soothing on the eyes . Easy application . Great nail polish ! As expected with Zoya . Thank you : -RRB-
 The nail polish is first and foremost , gorgeous . I have been looking for a nail polish similar to &#34; Waves of Enchantment &#34; by Wet 'n' Wild , and found this ! I 'm glad that I found this on here , because the Zoya site wanted practically 20 dollars for this tiny bottle ! Other than the size -LRB- which I know the seller on Amazon ca n't do anything about -RRB- , this is perfect !
 This applies to all Zoya Nail Polishes.I purchased Zoya Nail Polish after perusing their large color selection . Their colors really are great - beautiful pigmentation , wide variety of colors , unique colors , etc.The application is n't as impressive . The brush does n't fan out like my favorite nail polishes . It goes on very thick . If you put it next to other brands of nail polish -LRB- e.g. , Essie , Butter London -RRB- , you can see the difference - Zoya tends to look a bit more sloppy.Is it worth it ? I 'm torn . I really do love the unique colors , but I would n't stock up on a ton of Zoya colors . I 'll pick a few of my favorites and deal with the coverage . -LSB- I will update this review if I notice anything regarding the wear and tear of the nail polish . -RSB-
 Zoya makes wonderful long lasting nail polish in beautiful vibrant and subtle colors . I am a real fan and have using this product for several yeats .
 Zoya 's Daul has really received a bad rap in the beauty blogsphere because of the color and opaqueness -LRB- they argue it 's too sheer -RRB- , but I never had any issues with this product . It 's not a one-coater ; I usually need two good coats to make it fully opaque . And I absolutely disagree that Daul is n't a good color -- I think it 's extremely beautiful . It 's a light purple shade with flecks of gold , which shimmers in the light and make your nails looks metallic . Oh so pretty.This nail polish dries pretty fast and lasts for a long time , especially if you use a top coat . I 'm currently wearing it on my nails and it 's been on for a week with no chipping.As for dupes , there are plenty , but none less expensive . I know Julep recently released one , but it 's more expensive.So overall ... love ! : -RRB-
 Looked a little prettier in pictures I viewed but a good quality polish and I will use this again . I would recommend this to anyone who loves a grey-like color .
 I found this color while getting a pedicure on Halloween and loved it so much that I ended up getting a manicure too , which I never do ! The color is beautiful . Just enough shine and sparkle with a beautiful dark tone . If was beautiful for Halloween and will look great for Christmas too ! . Year round really ! Also , I am a huge fan of Zoya . Their colors last . No chipping here !
 I received my nail polish quickly and was very happy with it , as I expected I would be . Zoya nail polish is long lasting and beautiful , no matter what color you get . `` Jem '' is a beautiful DARK maroon/fushia/red / purple shimmer . It 's VERY similar in color to OPI 's `` Shoot for the Maroon '' , but is a much smoother formula than OPI and stays on longer . I will only buy Zoya from now on .
 I love Zoya nail polish and this is the best summer color ever !
 This is a great color for Christmas . All of the Zoya nail polishes are worth purchasing . These are better polishes for your nails compared to others .
 Been a ZOYA fan for years ! Why ? 1 -RRB- Colors are vibrant , fun and sexy2 -RRB- Long lasting wear before any `` chipping '' starts -LRB- you get your $ $ $ and time out of ZOYA -RRB- 3 -RRB- Drying time is quick especially if you use Seche Vite Top Coat4 -RRB- Add Seche Vite Top Coat over any ZOYA color and you receive that `` WOW '' Factor5 -RRB- Did I mention the long lasting wear ? ** I mainly use ZOYA nail polish on pedicures I give myself . Color lasts a LONG time . When I do use it on my fingernails -LRB- which are natural -RRB- color lasts just as long or longer than Essie , China Glaze or OPI or any other over rated , over marketed and over priced nail polish . *** ZOYA has been tried and true to my toes for years !
 Great silver/white color that goes with any time of the season ! Quick to dry and easy aplication !! I would purchase it again !
 This polish wears great and lacks some of the chemicals other polishes have . The color is fantastic and will wear nicely into fall .
 I got this color for free from zoya.com to celebrate the 4th of July . It is amazing ! I only put one coat on and it was all I needed , virtually unheard of in the world of nail polish today ! I wo n't say all of Zoya 's products are as great because I 've not tried them but this is a winner to me . They now have a loyal customer in me !
 I have several of the Zoya nail polishes and love them all , but this color is my absolute favorite . I 've been wearing it in the summer , but it 'll be great for fall/winter .
 I bought this to paint my nails and occasionally my daughters , so I was looking for something nontoxic . It 's a beautiful color , goes on nicely , but still has some smell to it and does chip after a day or two . Overall , I like it .
 This color has a very beautiful and creamy appearance . The polish goes on smooth and even . I am very pleased with this purchase .
 Purchased my first bottle of Zoya in Poppy . Love , love , love the color . So summer ! AND it does not chip ! I cut the grass , wash dishes by hand , very physical work with my hands . Had it on for 3 days now and not even one little chip . Great price .
 I really like this color . I am a 60 year old caucasion woman and this mauve-gold color enhances my skin tone and is not garrish or too `` youthful '' . I would consider this color to be a `` warm '' color . PRU by ZOYA is one of my new favorites . I 'd never heard of Zoya before I went ` surfing ' AMAZON.COM for nail polish . Come to think of it , there has n't been anything that I could n't find on AMAZON.COM !
 i found this nail polish in a pregnancy magazine , and though i 'd give it a try for health reasons , but even better than that , the colors are beautiful , they go on perfectly even , have high shine , and last at least 5 days ... even through endless hand washing and diaper changing . i highly recommend them !
 I got this as I heard it is safe for use in pregnancy . I was rather shocked at the strong chemical fumey smell still in it though when I opened the bottle . It still smells like normal nail polish . Application is great - I only needed one coat and it was really black . Its been on a week and it has n't chipped and still looks great . Not sure if I 'll keep using it though as it smells like there are still VOCs in there of some kind to make such a smell . But if that does n't bother you , then it 's definitely a great nailpolish .
 I got my nails done at a salon with this color and now I am buying it for myself because I want to keep re-doing my nails over and over with this color . I am enamored ! I get several compliments , but I do n't need them . I love this color enough myself to make me happy whenever I look at my nails even if no one else notices them . I am the type to use conservative nail colors , but this shimmery green is so exciting and cheerful ! I ca n't remember when I first got my nails done with this color , it has lasted so long ! I own over 100 bottles of nail polish and this is my current favorite ! I have never written a review , but this polish is so beautiful , I want everyone to know !! !! Thanks Zoya ! ! ! !
 Found this at Ulta after considering an online purchase of Zoya -LRB- after reading reviews -RRB- . Gemma is an army green color , and in the bottle , you can see the contrast dichroic-type effect of pale purple shimmer . However , once it 's on the nails , that dichro effect is lost . It simply looks like a shiny army green . I think that the difference between regular ambient light in a room -LRB- or outdoors -RRB- and the pale purple shimmer is simply not great enough to show a difference . If you 're looking for army green , go for it . If you 're looking for dichroic effect , keep looking.On the plus side , I did my nails last night and have spent about 10 hours typing since then , and they show no wear at all . Right now I 'm using OPI 's Natural Nail Base Coat and Top Coat , but I have the Zoya products on order -LRB- Ulta did n't stock those -RRB- . I 'm hoping the all-Zoya combo will give me a super long wear . I 'll come back and report in when this one starts to show wear , and also after my first all-Zoya manicure begins to show wear . So far , I recommend!Edit . Zoya took a really long time to ship out my stuff . My Gemma manicure lasted 10 days with only minimal edge wear -LRB- which only I could see ; people talking to me could n't tell -RRB- . I was bored with the color , so I went to Ulta and bought `` Sarah '' -LRB- a metallic red -RRB- and did that with Orly 's `` Top 2 Bottom '' base/top coat . So far this has lasted 5 days and is not showing wear.Of course the Zoya stuff showed up the next day . So I stripped the `` Sarah '' manicure off my right hand and used the Zoya Anchor base coat , 2 coats of Sarah , and the Armor top coat . This has lasted 4 days so far -LRB- no wear -RRB- . I 'm really impressed with the longevity of this nail polish . I used to be an all-OPI girl , but when their stuff started chipping within a day I decided it was time to look elsewhere . Zoya is now my top stop for new nail polishes . Just wish they 'd either ship faster , or that Ulta would stock 100 % of their products !
 Please stop complaining about the color of the product as it displays on your computer screen compared to the actual color of the product ! Anyone who has ever bought an item online knows the little disclaimer that colors depicted online are not always true to the actual color.In this case , the written description of the color along with the image were helpful in choosing this item . I was happy with the `` Riley '' color , and the quality was satisfactory , too . My `` wear time '' before chipping was about five days , as other reviewers already noted .
 I love Zoya polishes . This dark teal color really draws the eye and looks really great . It looks cool in the sun as well .
 this purple has the prettiest sheen in the sun its like pink and gold and the sheen is gorgoues absolutly my favoriiite luuuuvv ittt and the stayyiiin power is amazin glad i got it . oh and the bottle is a lil smaller than most nail polishs but way worth it , very unique purple
 I bought the `` cassi '' pink nail polish . I do n't really like wearing bright or flashy colors on my fingernails , so this was perfect . It gave it a nice subtle shimmer and a pale pink color . I just put one coat and it wore of naturally , rather than chipping . I 'm sure for a more `` pink '' color i could have added another coat , but one was just perfect for what i wanted . Good quality polish for the color . I had n't tried this brand before , but i would n't hesitate to purchase another .
 I love everything about this nail polish , it is easy to apply and makes for a great neutral . This is almost a one coat polish . I used two just to be safe . I adore the fact that it is a vegan polish . Great deal as well , this is very affordable and worth the money .
 I am thrilled to have found a nail polish with out formaldehyde and toulons . It is a great color for spring . I am happy with the product .
 The color does not look like the bottle , closer to a greyish blue as opposed to a purple shade . However it is still a gorgeous color and I would still reccommend it .
 Nice colours but the ones i bought -LRB- ginessa / trixie -RRB- need several layers before I get the finish i want .
 Charla is amazing . Application is perfect . I personally prefer 3 coats for most of my polishes , this is no different for Charla . She is blingy and eye catching and awesome . Prepare for compliments :o-RRB- A known duplicate for OPI catch me in your net and Orly Halleys Comet if you are pining after either of these but ca n't find them or do n't want to pay twice the price for the same thing go for Charla ! Heck go for Charla regardless ; o -RRB-
 I do not know what other customers where experiencing , I got this product from Cosmetics Central , came on time in perfect shape.Usually , my nail polish lasts max 3 days , I use a lot of water and do some house work . This polish , lasted a whole week !!! I think as long as shellac I tried once . I used it as prescribed with armor and base coat . I did the manicure myself and file the nail a little bit.It 's quite dark but it 's in now , no?Hope it helps future customers .
 Wow . I finally found a polish that stays put . I bought the armor and the anchor , but never even use it . The polish is perfect all on it 's own .
 Loved this product . The color was what I was expecting and the quality of the nail polish is great . Look forward to getting more Zoya polish in the future .
 I like the Zoya Nail Polish , in &#34; Raven &#34; . . it needs 2 coats , which is normal for most nail polishes . It 's very black . . I 'm not sure its my favorite formula ever though . Nothing is really wrong with it , but for some reason I 'm not jumping over the moon for it . . its prettty good though and I 'm sure I 'll use it whenever I want nice black nails . I think I 'm going to try Union Jack by Butter London next though and I 'll try to compare which black is best .
 I wanted a light gray color and this fits the bill . It got to me very quickly . Very easy to apply .
 This was the first time I tried Zoya . It is a wonderful polish . Only needed one coat and it lasted a lot longer than I would have expected . The color is so rich . I am very pleased .
 This was my first Zoya nail polish . The formula was good - 2 coats for complete coverage . The halo sparkles were more subtle than I expected and it does require a top coat to keep the glassy-shine . All in all a good polish .
 Love love love this color ! Great product & high quality polish ! Seems to last longer than most ! Love it a lot !
 I am Asian , Light-Medium skin with a yellow undertone , and I have to say that I have finally found the natural nail polish color I have been on the search for in the form of Zoya 's Grace . The application is wonderful -LRB- no streaks ! -RRB- but it does take up to 3 coats to get , not bottle color , but some opacity . Anyway , I still love Zoya and their mission of non-toxic nail polish .
 I own half a dozen or so Zoya polishes , and this one , Ivanka -LRB- bright shimmery , foil green -RRB- , does n't quite live up to Zoya quality . Most look great in two coats , and the third is n't necessary , except maybe on a longer nail to make it extra solid . This color , while beautiful , absolutely requires three coats to get anything that looks close to the bottle color . It does n't go on streaky , though.The color of Ivanka is a bit brighter than Color Club 's 2012 holiday green , and unlike most other green polishes out there , so if you 're willing to do three or four coats , then it 's worth it since it is n't a color you can find everywhere.It 's hard for me to decide whether to give this 3 or 4 stars . If I could , I would give it 3.5 but I 'm giving it 4 because there really is n't anything wrong with it , other than needing more time and care than other polishes by the same brand.The seller I bought this from , Ultimate Beauty , shipped quickly and packed nicely , so no problems there .
 I have found this nail polish to stay on and the color is very nice . It goes on smooth and does not take that long to dry . I would buy this again and would recommend it .
 I am impressed with how long lasting Zoya polish is . Hands down it out lasts and out shines Opi for me . I put nail polish to the test by working outside and constantly using my hands.with a base coat , two coats of polish , a top coat , as well as wearing my gloves while doing dishes or working in water , Zoya will last me the week . This week I managed to chip a finger tip and a quick coat took care of the problem and they look great again.My nails are usually thin and brittle , I have found keeping them polished with colors by Zoya helps them stay strong . They also remain healthy under the polish . I am sold , all my Opi Polish is being donated and I am a loyal Zoya fan from here forward .
 Very pretty reddish/plum color , very creamy polish and the color is great for the fall or winter/holiday seasons . Great price compared to other higher end polishes
 Bought this for my daughter and she just loves the color . I would suggest this color to anyone that loves medium blue color .
 I am reviewing Zoya 's color `` Jana '' from the recent Smoke & Mirrors collection . Jana is a medium shade of greyed up mauve in a creme formulation . The color appears a shade lighter and pinker in the bottle . When I 've applied two coats I see more grey . It 's a nice neutral for fall and goes on smooth and looks great with two coats . It 's not super shiny and will require a top coat if you want shine and to get longer wear out of your manicure . I type all the live-long day , as well as cook and clean and this polish does n't take kindly to such abuse . I have to repair minor chips after a day and usually have to re-do the entire manicure after 4 days . I 'm okay with that , thus the 4 stars , but if you like your polish to remain chip free for longer than a day or two this one may not be for you .
 This is my first Zoya polish and already I love it.I 'm usually an OPI kind of girl but fell in love with this color.It goes on nice and thick so you could easily get away with applying one coat.Perfect fall color .
 This nail polish stays on longer than any other that I have tried . Excellent buy !
 Love the color . It goes with everything . Has a nice shine and golden glow . Have used it for years and will continue .
 I 'm usually not a big fan of nail polish - I type notes for class , and I can not stand chipped polish . However , I got a sample of Zoya 's Feel Collection in Kristen in my birchbox -LRB- which , by the way , I totally recommend . Let me know if you want a referral ! -RRB- , and I had to try it . Needless to say , I was blown away - I ordered the full size , as well as another color in the same collection.ColorI LOVE the color . My birchbox called it a `` cool neutral , '' and while at first I was skeptical that a blue hue could ever be considered a `` neutral , '' I now have to agree . This color is a nice blue with a gray undertone , and it really looks good with anything . It does n't `` steal the show , '' so to speak , but it 's different . I 'm normally a pink-only girl on my nails , so I was surprised that I was so happy with the color.ApplicationThis polish went on really smooth and easily . It was n't glumpy or too thick -LRB- really impressive when you consider that it does n't have the normal chemicals of most polishes . -RRB- I was a little surprised at first , as the color was a bit darker than it looked in the bottle - it did n't bother me , however , since I was n't a huge fan of the bottle color . It dried fairly fast . I used one coat -LRB- it was a sample , after all , and I did n't want to waste much -RRB- , and it covered each nail . I applied a clear top coat , just to help protect.WearIt 's been five days , and I only have one little chip - but that 's because part of my nail tore in the corner . This is really good for me . Normally polish last two to three days for me at best . I 'm very pleased with how well this color has stayed.If I had one little critique , it would be that it sort of seems like the color has faded a bit . I ca n't be totally sure if this actually happened or if my mind is just playing tricks on me , but there 's a chance that it 's a little lighter and a little less gray now . Overall , though , I 'm very pleased . This polish definitely deserves five stars .
 The color of blood , literally . Looks amazing on hands and feet . Lasts a while and applies smoothly . 1-2 coats give excellent coverage . Love it !
 To the company , amazing safe packaging and superfast delivery !!! Colors are semi-transparent and vibrant , kind of like a stain but for your nails . I would not vouch on it 's endurance though , does n't look like it is going to last as long as some might claim ...
 Very good product and love the color . It is almost clear polish with sparkles - great for holidays to add a little shimmer . I am allergic to formaldehyde and it 's great to finally find a polish that does n't contain this ingredient .
 This is the perfect shade of light pink if you like just a hint of color on your nails . This would work well as the topcoat for a french manicure , and it is gorgeous by itself . 2 coats work out great , but I think you could get away with one coat with no problems.I have a few bottles of Zoya polish and they are the most durable I 've ever used . Does n't show ANY chipping or dulling of color , and the color comes off very cleanly when you do want to remove it . It is far worth it to pay a couple bucks more than you 'd pay for a drugstore brand and have a product that is far superior .
 love this polish , its just like the picture . its blingy not glittery like little girl polish . just enough to be rocker chich but sexy .
 I could not find this shade anywhere because it had expired from OPI this is the same color that OPI discontinued it is on the blue side of teel but a beautiful metallic color
 This is one of my very favorite polishes , and I do own many others ! The Zoya brand is a low-toxicity nail polish formula , at an affordable price . It applies super smoothly and dries quickly to a shiny finish . This color &#34; Dove &#34; is perfectly named ... its a lovely light gray ... not quite as light as a true whitish &#34; pastel &#34; gray , but light enough to give a very &#34; fresh and clean &#34; look to the nails , if that 's what you 're after . It 's a full coverage &#34; cream &#34; formula that takes two substantial coats to reach opague coverage . This shade of gray is neither super warm -LRB- brownish -RRB- nor supper cool -LRB- bluish -RRB- ... to my eye it 's a &#34; neutral &#34; gray , so I imagine it would flatter a wide vairety of skin tones , and go with most outfits . I have very fair skin with warm -LRB- yellow -RRB- undertones . There is no shimmer to the color , but it 's nice and luminous . I 'd say this color is office appropriate as well , for all but super conservative settings . To me the color says &#34; modern and hip and creative &#34; yet also &#34; reserved and elegant . &#34; I 'm really fond of shades like this , that manage to be off beat without being wild or tacky . This shade will get your hands noticed though , so make sure your nails and cuticles are well manicured before applying , clean up any mistakes with a polish corrector , and apply hand cream after the polish dries . I used a good base and top coat as well -LRB- Opi &#34; Start to Finish &#34; -RRB- . My husband really loves this color on me , and he 's usually not one to comment on my nail polish . Enjoy it !
 Perfect lip stick and sent very fast ! Perfect service from this outstanding seller !
 Miracote makes the best base and top coat . Keeps polish on longer and looks shinier
 Microcote really does dries your nails fast . Within 10-15 minutes of apppling it to my nails , they are pretty much smudge-proof . No more hair print/patterns after 2-3 hours of drying before going to bed as with other products . I 'm going to recommend this product ot everyone I know .
 I 've used dozens of products , trying to solve my split nails problem . This one works so well that I can hardly keep my nails as short as I prefer . They just keep growing !
 I have very brittle , weak nails , which splits and peels easily . This product has made my nails stronger . My nail tech has been very surprised about the change in the condition of my nails . I love this product and have recommended it to others and bought a bottle for my mom and a girlfriend so they can have healthy nails as well .
 I used to have beautiful nails , then I started getting ridges and the would crack and peel and looked horrible most of the time . I had tried many other solutions and nothing worked , then a co-worker told me about Duri and I gave it a try . Now I have back my beautiful nails , in fact I now have to trim them because they grow to long . Thank you Duri !!!!
 MY FIRST ORDER , BUT I 'M SURE IT WO N'T BE MY LAST . i WOULD RECOMMEND IT FOR ANYONE WHO HAS HAD PROBLEMS WITH NAILS . i HAVE TOLD MY FRIENDS THEY NEED TO TRY IT !!!!
 The best top coat for long lasting manicure . High shine is not to be believed , not to mention how fast my nail polish dries .
 Miracote is a fantastic topcoat . Used in some salons - it 's that good . Very durable and quick drying - great to use between maincures to keep your nail finish shiny and protected . I 've been using it for over 5 years . I highly recommend it .
 Threw out all my other top & base coats when I tried this . It 's the best I 've ever tried . I used to blame my chipped nail polish on the polish , but it was my old top coat . My polish lasts 2 weeks , would probably last longer , but I get bored with the color and like to change every week or two .
 I usually do my own nails and prior to using Miracote I was lucky to have the polish look good for one full week . After using Miracote , the polish looks good a week in , without any chipping . Nail polish dries faster and makes smudges and sheet lines a thing of the past . For the rare occasions that I go to the nail salon , I take this with me and ask the manicurist to use it -- it 's far better than the top coat they use . Highly recommend this product , it 's worth the price and goes a long way !
 I love this product and the rejuvecote by duri . This top coat dries really fast , then every day I put rejuvecote over it and my nail polish last a week or more !
 Perfect lip stick and sent very fast ! Perfect service from this outstanding seller !
 I use both this mascara and Lancome Hypnose when i 'm going out , Flextencils first then coat with Hypnose . My lashes look HUGE and not too clumpy . Flextencils add great length , while Hypnose adds volume . I use it by itself on just an average day . Great Product !
 Lipstick is wonderful . It 's creamy yet frosted . Gives the right shade of pink for summer .
 I bought this item for my wife during a business trip to USA.Nice product . Delivery was as expected .
 Vital Radiance is a perfect make up for women over 50 , leaves you with a dewy natural look but provides complete coverage . I have skin problems but Vital Radiance takes care of that , leaving me ready to face the world . I would not want to be without it !
 Too bad the company pulled the Vital Radiance Line from the drug store shelves . It 's a really nice product for a reasonable price . Performs nearly as well as Lancome Teintidole Ultra . Order it if you still can .
 Perfect lip stick and sent very fast ! Perfect service from this outstanding seller !
 I bought this product after searching for a zinc oxide based sunscreen for the face . I had been using a Lancome product , but it was too pasty and left a white film on the face -LRB- a common problem with zinc oxide -RRB- . This one is much , much better . It does leave a bit of a white film , but if you rub it in , it disappears . Zinc Oxide is the best and safest ingredient for sun protection . I highly recommend this product .
 I like this product a lot because it is not greasy at all ... I have acne prone skin and after I had laser scar removal this was recommended to me . It is lightweight and very good for your skin ! I would give it an A + .
 Great product . Protected my face in the hot Caribbean sun . Will definitely purchase again .
 I love the product , no obnoxious odor , absorbs to non-greasy state , no skin irritation even after several weeks of everyday use despite sensitive skin . I used the `` face '' and `` regular '' on myself , and `` baby '' for me and my grandchildren ages 2 to 8 . One negative , it is hard to find - only Basha 's carries it here in Tucson ... I thought I could find a better price online , but surprisingly enough , that was not true .
 I have used ` day creams ' that contain some level of spf for years . After having a skin cancer removed from my face , I used the Environmental Working Group 's guide to learn the most effective types of sunscreen , zinc or titanium minerals , and the chemicals to stay away from . On that note , if you review particular sunscreens through EWG , be aware that this product is different than the face formulation reviewed there -- it contains no parabens or urea . I use this product everyday . It is non-greasy , goes on smoothly , and does not interfere at all with my make-up . I am quite happy to ditch those pricey a.m. skin creams for this !
 I have spent years trying to find a sunscreen product that would allow me to spend time in the sun without burning or breaking out in a sun-related rash . I bought this product before going on a week-long vacation in Florida and I had more fun than ever on the beach without worrying about burning or rashes . When you first apply the lotion , it appears a whitish color , but it blends in fairly quickly and easily . It does n't feel too thick or sticky on your skin either . Lasts a long time , too . The only reason I did n't give the product 5 stars is that it is not waterproof . As long as I stayed out of the water , I was fine . Great product for every day use .
 No odor , no sting , lasts long . This is the best sunscreen for every day , especially if you expect a lot of exposure . In Florida , outside 3-4 hours a day , my doctor and dermatologist say I 'm doing a great job protecting my skin thanks to Blue Lizard . It does go on white , but that blends in shortly and you can apply makeup as usual .
 I first bought this product while traveling on the Mainland two years ago and love it . My dermatologist mentioned that samples were given to patients in the past but no longer . Since I have n't found a store that regularly sells this sunscreen , I ordered through Amazon . It 's safe , non-greasy with no whitish masked appearance as many of zinc oxide products do . It is pricey but living in Hawaii , we are consistently exposed to harmful UVA/UVB rays and need the best non-toxic protection we can find . I hope that our stores will consider selling all Blue Lizard products soon .
 I 'm a distance swimmer and I 'm in the pool for two hours every single day , in the hot Florida sun so I have been searching far and wide for a truly waterproof sunscreen . When I ran out of Blue Lizard Sport , I thought I might give this a whirl and surprise , surprise - it works even better ! Not only did it protect my skin perfectly , but it has n't clogged my skin at all and has actually IMPROVED my skin.I highly recommend this for those with sensitive skin , those who need a true waterproof sunblock , and those who could benefit from skin improvement . I would n't use this as a daily lotion after a shower or anything -LRB- too thick and heavy -RRB- , but if you are regularly out in the sun and need a sunblock that works , this is the product for you .
 The product arrived quickly . It seems to do its job quite well . It leaves a little bit of a film on the skin , but that seems to be intended .
 I just got back from being at the beach for 2 weeks . I used this every day on my face , swimming in the ocean and pool and it kept me protected . I did reapply once midday , but I would do that with any sunscreen.When you put it on your face , it does stay white at first , but it fades away in like 1-2 minutes . Does n't make you look like a ghost for an hour like some of the healthier sunscreens . It 's rated 1 or 2 by Environmental Working Group and it 's not that expensive , compared with other healthy options.Very happy with this product .
 I have fair skin that burns easily and I stayed out for hours in the garden , several days a week , all summer , without getting one sunburn . This sunscreen was the best I 've ever tried . I 'm not fond of the bottle , a little too hard for me to squeeze and if I forget and shake it with the top flipped up , the sunscreen gets splattered all over .
 My mother and father have been diagnosed with skin cancer and had to have several operations to get it removed . This is one of the ONLY products that their oncologist and dermatologist would even recommend . No other ` broad spectrum ' brands like Neutrogena even have the essential ingredients to block out the suns harmful rays . THIS IS THE ONLY PRODUCT I NOW USE ON ME , MY HUSBAND AND CHILDREN . WORTH EVERY PENNY .
 This sunscreen is really very good , but I have to say that it is very appropriate for fair skin people , since it leaves a white cast when applied to face . Since I have fair skin , it is perfect , because it gives a little coverage and uniform color to my face . The protection is an even better component on this product . It protects a great deal !
 Goes on well with no breakouts . I have no burning when I use it . Last the whole day when mowing commercially .
 I originally found this product at my dermatologist 's office then I found it cheaper at Amazon.com . This sunscreen is great for the face because it provides great sun protection without making your face oily or `` white . '' The bottle also turns blue to show you when UV rays are present ; good eye opener of UV risks .
 My dermatoligist recommended this to me since I had some facial sun damage in the past . This is a great product . Could n't find it in any stores but was happy I could buy it from Amazon .
 fans of sun . this is great . sweat do n't burn my eyes with this . get will worth the money you spend !
 Having had skin cancer I need a really good sunscreen . This was recommended by my dermatologist and after using it for a year in Florida I am very satisfied . The price seems worth the performance .
 UV rays make rosecea worse . I 've been using this product daily since March ; it sinks into the skin , and make-up can go over it . As an added benefit , I am not as red . I saw my dermatologist in July , and he was amazed at the state of my skin . It does n't irritate me , burn , turn me beet red before it sinks in either . I do have to use a shade lighter of powdered make-up , but that 's doable . Just wish they made a moisturizer for the rest of the year .
 This is great sunscreen . I have used on my fair-skinned children all summer and it worked beautifully . It says that it 's for the face but in a pinch I used all over a couple times and it worked great ! Highly recommend .
 Bought this for my husband . His dermatologist recommended it and it has been his favorite because when he uses it on his face , even with sweating , it does n't burn his eyes like a couple other good products do .
 I have been using Blue Lizard sunscreen for years . It was suggested by my dermatologist . It 's not greasy , and I use it everyday under my makeup . I also use it on my very fair 7 year old son when he is going to be in the sun . It has never failed us .
 My skin is very sensitive , I get a rash from most sunscreens , even the ones marketed for kids . This one is great , no rash , makes my skin soft , not greasy , no white residue , pretty good in the water -LRB- I swim several days a week year-round -RRB- . Even great on my face , does not sting my eyes . Two thumbs up !
 I sunburn easily . I have tried all of the major drugstore brands ' products , read all of their claims , followed directions religiously , and I still burn through 50SPF of the drugstore brands even when I apply every hour on the hour . Blue Lizard let me be outside in the noontime Caribbean sun and I did not get sunburned . Not even a little pink.The cream is non-greasy and did n't separate in the bottle . The bottle turning blue to remind you to put on sunscreen is cute . But for me , the fact that the suncream works makes it the best sunscreen I 've ever used .
 Although I have brown skin -LRB- not Caucasian -RRB- , I burn very very easily . 10 minutes of sun exposure during spring can burn my skin . I end up with swollen skin , a rash , terrible burning and itching . I have tried a lot of sun screen products on the market and none of them worked . My last resort was to wear UPF rated clothing , but even that did not protect my face.This product really works . After using this I have never had a sun burn . It needs some rubbing in to avoid looking blue . It is not sticky or greasy . It is very easy to put on.I bought this and the badger sunscreen to compare the two . This wins hands down . The badger product was thicker and more greasy . I now use this on my face and the badger sunscreen on my hands and legs .
 I am allergic to avobenzone , which is in most facial moisturizers/sunscreens out there . So , I 'm usually stuck with a zinc oxide product that leaves a whitish greasy film on my skin and I ca n't wear it under makeup b/c it makes it cake up . I love this moisturizer/sunscreen b/c it feels clean on my skin instead of greasy or oily . I can wear it under makeup with no problem and the best part about it is that it does n't give me an allergic reaction that makes my skin feel like it 's on FIRE ! Will be purchasing this product for a long time to come .
 Great sunscreen product that is very effective . Not too greasy or foul odor . Only sunscreen I have found that does not irritate my 8 year old daughter 's sensitive skin . If you find this a bit pricey it is worth the money . A little goes a long way and very easy on the skin . Strongly recommend !!
 I developed an allergy to chemical sunscreens which caused nightly hives outbreaks . I originally tried Blue Lizard Sensitive and it works well but I find Blue Lizard Faces leaves less of a whitish case on your skin -LRB- a problem with all zinc/titanium oxide sunscreens in my experience . -RRB- I wear this stuff on 3 hour bike rides where I 'm sweating profusely and it works great . I use this stuff on my face because it has no odor but I use the Coppertone Sensitive sunscreen on my arms/legs because it 's cheaper . One tip for reducing the whitish cast of these sunscreens is to apply it , wait 10-15 minutes , and lightly dab your face with a damp towel . The goal is not to scrub the sunscreen but lightly dab off some of the whitish appearance . It significantly reduces the Giesha girl look LOL .
 Finding a good sunscreen is really difficult for me . At 60 I still break out with a lot of products -LRB- including lightweight moisturizers -RRB- and yet I 'm also fighting dry skin ! Besides that , a lot of sunscreens run into my eyes and cause burning . Still , I feel it 's extremely important to use a good sunscreen . I wear it year around and it 's especially important to me during summer months when I 'm outside a lot.This goes on a bit heavy , although not nearly as much as some of their other sunscreens . It also starts out somewhat white , but that goes away with careful application . In other words , do n't rub a handful onto your face all at once . Start with smaller amounts and do it by sections -LRB- as in forehead , chin , cheeks , etc. -RRB- . The only thing I do n't like about it is it makes my face very shiny , but otherwise , it 's comfortable , does n't cause any irritation and I do n't break out from it .
 After dealing with some skin issues last spring I decided to look for a better sunscreen and I sure found it ! Had Blue Lizard overnighted before a trip and while the extra shipping was n't something I would normally do I was so happy I did . It 's the only sunscreen I will use on my face now !
 I reviewed this many months ago and knocked off a star because the product contained parabens - - potential hormone interupters . It is now paraben free and I love it . Wore it all summer long , two or three days a week , two hours at a time playing tennis in the hot mid morning sun and no burn . It is light and silky for a zinc oxide sunscreen , not as greasy as most and goes on easily . There is a slight white residue but far less than many other zinc oxide products and it rubs in very easily . Blue Lizard Face contains moisturizers so it is a one step product before I go out . Without a doubt this is my favorite sunscreen for the face . I use Blue Lizard Sensitive or Baby for my body and love them as well .
 This is literally the most amazing sunscreen ever !! I have sensitive , acne-prone skin , and this sunscreen does n't irritate my skin or cause breakouts . It is creamy , not oily , and leaves my face moisturizer and protected . I 'll never use anything else !!
 I was looking for a sunscreen that qualified as a safe product . I checked the EWG website for safe sunscreens . This one is ranked a 2 which is at the upper range of safe . This one does not contain Vitamin A according to the information I have , but it does not mention if it contains nano-particles . The product goes on smooth and disappears rather quickly . There is no major whiteness left over but when I applied my base makeup , it was a little lighter than it usually is . I think that got better as time went along but the change in lightness was so small that I would not consider it a problem . The product dries fairly fast and does not seem oily . But it did make my face a little drier and felt a little tight . The product is not too thick at all and was not clumpy . It went on very smoothly on my face.Overall this is a sunscreen that I would purchase again . The cost is the only factor as I use about 3 oz a day and a 5 oz bottle costs $ 11 so this is not one that I can afford and will probably only use this one on my face and have to find a less expensive brand for my body .
 I started using Blue Lizzard sunscreen for sensitive skin last year , and loved it . I used it all over including my face . It was a bit thick for my face , but did the job so well I went for it . This year I saw Blue Lizzard suncsreen for the face . I bought it right away . It is easier to apply , lighter , yet still works extremely well . I also use a site for all cosmetics and creams to check the level of toxicity . I have a tremendous amount of cancer in my family on both sides , so , I watch what I use to the best of my ability . Blue Lizzard 's ratings on this site were just what I was looking for . Very safe . All the other sunscreens I checked out were in the high risk area . I checked out a lot . I will not be buying any other brand of sunscreen . My daughter and I are both very fair and need good protection when ever we leave the house , no matter the season . So , for this product 's ability to save our skin from summer rays , as well as it does , says a lot for Blue Lizzard sunscreen for the face , sensitive skin or whatever you have . You can buy it , and use it with confinence . It lasts well and is fairly priced for the high quality .
 I had been using Eucerin Daily Protection for face for the past years but after I found out that it was poorly rated in the EWG website , I started searching for alternatives . First I triedVanicream Sunscreen , Sensitive Skin , Spf 60 , 4 Ouncedue to the very good reviews on Amazon and got really disappointed since it was way too greasy . And then , I gave it a try to this Blue Lizard sunscreen for face and I am very pleased with it .1 . Does n't leave your skin white
 I recently had some precancerous spots removed from my face and my dermatologist said it was a must to use a sunscreen daily . He recommended Blue Lizard Australian Sunscreen for face . I was concerned about how it would do under my mineral makeup , but it works great . Not to greasy , not to dry . My makeup seems to stay `` set '' all day & I feel confident that I am protected from the sun . If there are any sun worshippers out there reading this , take heed ; a sun tan is beautiful on your skin , but you will eventually pay the price .
 I have very fine hair but a LOT of it and it is very long . I was given this brand/model brush as a wedding gift 15 years ago , and while it has seen a LOT of use , it has held up very well . My guess is that the brush will outlive me . I have many fond memories brushing my great-grandmother 's hair when I was a child and had always wanted a brush such as this ... It was a very thoughful gift from a close friend with whom I 'd shared some of my stories with , and I will forever treasure it . I ca n't speak for this specific seller , but as for the Mason-Pearson Popular BN1 brush , I 've been more than happy with it .
 I know it 's crazy to spend so much money on a brush , but I 've never been able to find `` the perfect brush '' . I LOVE my Mason !! I feel like Rapunzel when I use it . It feels amazing ! If you enjoy nice things and are willing to spend the $ $ $ to do so , buy one !
 This is currently my second favorite musk . I 'm a big lover of white musks -LRB- though the ones saturated with vanilla tend to make me gag -RRB- . It 's a very gentle , clean , white musk that doesnt ' last very long on me , sadly-given the price for less than 2oz . But , when I simply must have a super clean , airy musk , I reach for this.I prefer the beautifully , gentle , somewhat floral , slightly warmsy-woodsy scent of the LEs Bain Du Marais musc blanc better -LRB- that one does n't last on me , either , whether the huile or the soin or both combined -RRB- . I 'll take the LBduM over the Serge Lutens any day . It 's one of my fave fragrances on the planet . Unfortunately , I ca n't seem to find it anymore . So , this one will have to satisfy me until I can find one comparable to the LBdM Musc Blanc.If you are a lover and seeker of clean , pretty musks-here you go . It feels almost like a too-simplistic musk when you spray it on , but I find it wears very , very prettily.This IS an office appropriate musk , unlike some of the `` sexier , dirtier '' ones . This one makes you smell like you 're clean and feminine .
 Perfect lip stick and sent very fast ! Perfect service from this outstanding seller !
 no local retailers no longer carry this item , i was happy to have found it here
 I have been using this haircolor for years , and now it has been discontinued . I was able to order it through Amazon ... I can now stay grayless for the rest of the year .
 I 've been dying my hair various colors for years , using professional and home dyes , and this black really wins . Its permanent , so do n't expect to strip it out of your hair easily . Its pretty much a 1B , if you 're trying to color match with extensions , its perfect . Its a soft natural black and the coverage is fantastic.I have been unable to find this dye in stores recently , and I 'm starting to worry that Clairol stopped making it.This is n't the best photo in the world , but this is the color not to long after application . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 This is a great hair dye . The black is a true black -LRB- I dyed over natural medium brown hair -RRB- . The conditioner that is included is awesome . I have shoulder length hair and I used the conditioner for almost two weeks afterward . My hair did not feel damaged after using the dye either.Now , it 's a few months later and my roots are coming in and I do n't want black hair anymore . So beware , this color is DIFFICULT to get rid of . Most of the natural methods suggested online do not work . I 've tried dandruff shampoo , lemon juice and clarifying shampoo . I 'm going to try the vitamin c method this weekend . While the color has faded * slightly * I 'm afraid I might have to have it stripped by a professional.If you think you 'll tire of black hair , I would not suggest using this very permanent dye . But if you want black hair for the long haul , then this is a perfect option .
 I have tried most of the hair dyes on the market and Hydrience is the only one that does n't seem to damage my hair . My hair is actually easier to manage afterwards . For some reason , all of the local stores have stopped carrying this brand , so I 'm very happy to have found it online !
 Erase puffy eyes . Thus product works , period . I 've used all types of expensive products and none can match the results .
 The Molton Brown Heavenly Gingerlily Body Cream stays true to it 's name as it is truly heavenly . The lotion has a light exotic springtime scent without any greasy residue . My only wish is that Molton Brown should market larger sizes of their products . If used regularly , it only seems to last about a month .
 This product has a very soothing effect on scalp . I have found with even sporadic use , my hair and scalp are extremely healthy looking AND feeling.The scent is refreshing and I always will keep this on hand .
 I love how this product makes my hair feel and smell . When I let my hair air dry , this is my favorite leave-in conditioner to use . I also like using it underneath other products when I blow-dry my hair . When I use other leave in conditioners , the result is usually a bit too weighed down . This conditioner seems to control my waves and curls and reduce my frizz without leaving it oily.I have medium-thick , wavy hair which tends somewhat toward spiral curls . While most of my hair is shiny and easy to manage , top-layer frizz is a big issue for me . My roots tend toward some greasiness , so I can not use leave-in conditioners that are too emollient or else my scalp will be greasy the next day . I find that this leave-in is very good for taming the length of the hair while not making the hair close to the scalp greasy.The smell of the conditioner took a bit of getting used to for me , but now it is almost my favorite part of the entire experience . I 'm not sure what ingredient does this , but this conditioner gives my hair a sort of herbal , lightly spicy smell . Having pleasant smelling hair is important to me , so I consider this yet another benefit of this fine conditioner.This is how I usually use this
 I 've been using this for years now , it is my favorite hair conditioner . I have very thin , straight and fine hair that tends to flatten and get stringy as it dries . This leave-in conditioner allows for a bit of sculpting and texturing that you can let dry as is or it brushes , for softening , without flattening out my hair . Seems to keep my hair cleaner for an extra day or two also . And it smells great!Sadly , I can not get it locally - but , Amazon to the rescue !
 I agree with the other reviewer , this product does reduce that `` top layer frizzy '' hair . It has an organic smell when your hair is wet but once it dries , the smell goes away .
 It smells really fantastic . But I 'm not really sure what it is doing for my hair - I do n't see much of a difference and my hair is still pretty tangly after using it .
 My hair is very , very fine and also quite thin . This gives it the body it needs so that it 's not sort of plastered to my head in a limp drape . lol It works very well and is all natural . Good ingredients . After it dries , you comb or brush your hair and it disappears , leaving your hair quite fluffy ... I mean `` my hair '' of course , which is never fluffy without some help .
 For years I have been using Clinique , and a few years back I felt it was not longer the best product for my skin . I stared trying several brands . My skin is dry and very sensitive , and most products give me some form of allergy in my skin after using them for a while . I recently try this product and is doing wonders for my skin . I use it every day before going to bed . I start feeling the diference after a few days of use . My skin is not longer dry , and my makeup allergies have been less and less , with every time I use this skin care . I 'm currently using it with the Creme-Mousse Confort Comforting Cleanser Creamy Foam by Lancome . And the combination is perfect , and smells very good .
 I bought this for my daughter . I do n't know the result yet but it seems working okay . So for it does n't have any allergic reaction . The opening is too big , I have to be very careful not to pour out too much liquid .
 Lipstick is wonderful . It 's creamy yet frosted . Gives the right shade of pink for summer .
 I bought this item for my wife during a business trip to USA.Nice product . Delivery was as expected .
 Michael by Michael Kors is a rich elegant and utterly sophisticated scent for any gentleman of discerning style and taste . Hiting notes of leather , tobacco , and plum it has the feel of tony aristocratic mahogany panneled New York men 's clubs , or a brisk walk to the boathouse in Cental Park in the golden glow of a late afternoon in Autumn . Certianly not for everyone , least of all a kid , this is strictly for a man who just who he is and where he is going .
 While I love this product and have used it for years ... the price I find on your site is way too expensive . I feel taken advantage of .
 my salon no longer carries this product and I swear by ithappy to have found it from this vendor
 I love Gelwhip ! It is the only conditioner I 've used that conditions hair and reduces frizz simultaneously . I have very dry hair so do n't wash my hair everyday . With many gels , hair becomes hard . But not with Gelwhip . You can just spritz it the next day and it is soft . And now my coworkers have started to use it too . In fact , when I came across the border into Canada and the border guard asked if i had anything to declare , I replied , `` Three litres of Gelwhip . '' He said , `` Must be aufully good gel . '' I said , `` yes , the best ! ''
 I have thick curly hair that I try to style without straightening . This product was reccomended to me by a stylist and is hard to find . I run some through my hair with my fingers while it is still a little wet . When my hair is dry it feels soft , is not frizzy and the curl seems a little relaxed . If I want my hair to be more crunchy , I use more product . It does not leave a residue , and oh yeah , the gel is a really nice looking purple !
 Pauld Dorf is no longer being carried in the store i go to . so I was happy to see that I could get this on Amazon . Bought 2 , just to be safe .
 This is a good product , but not as highly pigmented as other Paula Dorf eye shadows . The colour was as expected .
 I absolutely love this eye shadow !!! As soon as I set my eyes on it , I knew I had to have it ! But it was a bit too expensive in stores , so I came on amazon looking for a cheaper price and I got it !! This eyeshadow has a really pretty shimmer to it , and I love the light purple color ! It 's suttle but yet adds some color to your lids . It came in the mail in about a week , and it was packaged nicely . Great service !
 I have been using this product for at least five years now . I use this for my cheeks and my eyes . I have sensitive skin and prefer non-odor make-up . This is the best product that I have ever used . A little pricy but worth the money . I bought as many as I could find because the company is filing Chapter 11 .
 I truly like this shampoo , it really cleans my hair and does not dry my hair to bits . I co-condition with the matching conditioner and I love it ! I have tried the 50/50 shampoo and it is a little to soft for my hair , I needed something more cleansing and the tea tree is really good .
 I HAVE BEEN USING GIOVANNI FOR AWHILE NOW AND LOVE THERE STUFF . I AM ONE OF THOSE PEOPLE THAT SHAMPOO MY HAIR EVERYDAY AND YOU CAN USE THIS PRODUCT EVERYDAY UNLIKE OTHER SHAMPOOS -RRB- . I WOULD ONLY RECOMMEND USING A DIME SIZE . IF YOU USE TO MUCH YOUR HAIR WILL FEEL KIND GREASY .
 This product works for my hair better than anything else I 've tried thus far . It leaves hair soft and smooth and it smells great too !
 I have used complex 15 for 26 years . Initially , my doctor prescribed it for my combination skin . When it went OTC I ordered it from WalMart . It is nongreasy and provides a great base for my Clinique makeup . I wash my face with Pears soap , rinse it well , and pat it lightly leaving most of the water on it . I then apply Complex 15 generously . I let it soak in for about 5 minutes and then apply my makeup . It is the best . I get compliments all the time about my skin . It does not cause any breakouts or flakiness on my skin .
 I have been using this product for years . It was recommended to me by my doctor because of my eczema . My skin is very sensitive , especially in the winter , and I seem to have a new rash every other week . I have tried every skin lotion on the market and all of them either made my skin feel as if it was greasy or made my skin react badly . When you first use it do n't be put off by it liquid consistency . I usually put it on right after bathing or showering . It soaks right in and that is all I do for the rest of the day . This is the best thing you can do to baby your skin .
 I also have eczema , and have most lotions to be ineffective . Usually I use a very heavy cream or something like Vaseline to keep my skin in somewhat good condition , but in the summer these can be sticky and uncomfortable and I always have a sneaking suspicion that bugs are going to stick to my legs . Complex 15 is very light and absorbant , but it still moisturizes very well . It 's a little thin for the very worst of my rashes , where the skin is already cracked and thickened , but for the rest of my body I think it works really well . I do n't feel sticky at all , and it 's non-irritating so I can put more on throughout the day . It 's also light enough to use on my face . It absorbs quickly , so I do n't have to wait long to add sunscreen . All in all , it 's the best thing I 've found for overall skin moisturizing for my eczema in the summertime .
 I am beyond happy to have just found Complex 15 online . I had been ordering it from a pharmacy , and now , even they ca n't get it.I first heard a dermatologist on television mention that if you could find a good hypoallergenic lotion with urea and no fragrance at the drug store , you 'd have more benefit from it than from all other lotions you 'd pay 5 times as much for . i found Complex 15 thirty years ago and have used it since . We ALL have compliments that our skin has a glow , and for me at 54 , I have hardly a wrinkle . This is amazing lotion . And it feels good on . Its too bad so many people feel they have to pay so much at cosmetic counters in department stores to find these same benefits -- otherwise , it would be in high demand and still on the shelves . Perhaps it was poorly marketed . I just hope I 'm always able to find it . Until I searched online , just now , we were running out of options .
 I have used so many lotions over the years , it 's sad ! I wanted one to moisturize , be non irritating , non greasy and inexpensive . So far , no luck until this one . I found it online but also at my local drugstore which is great . My skin gets irritated easily and I also use retin-A which makes it even worse at times . Great formula , I love that it has no spf since that burns my skin and it is under $ 7 . When I think how much money I spent on the department store brands , I cringe ... Glad to have found this one .
 I was given a sample of Complex 15 by a dermatologist many years ago . It is the only moisturiser that I have used that is truly not greasy . I like the fact that it is not scented and is hypoallergenic . It is a wonderful product .
 My wife and I have been using Complex 15 for over 5 years . It is non-greasy , covers easily , and has worked wonders in combating my dry skin , especially during the winter months . The product became scarce in Baltimore and traditional pharmacies and was not available at Walmart , Target , or Sams Club . It is less expensive at Amazon and is delivered directly to my door . What a deal !
 `` Complex 15 '' is such a great lotion , which does not leave oily or greesy feel on your skin . I have been using it for 10 years and have never found any reason to switch brands .
 Complex 15 lotion is a great product . It heals dry skin without the burn associated with most lotions . I received the product quickly and in good condition .
 I 've used this moisturizer for 30 years and still love the results . It 's light , never feels greasy and great for my sensitive skin . With many other moisturizers , I tend to get blemishes , but not with Complex15 lotion . Also , a little bit goes a long way . Unfortunately , no local stores carry it anymore , so I 'm very pleased to be able to get it at Amazon.com for an excellent price and free shipping.5April2012-I am still loving this lotion after 35 years and think it has helped keep those deep wrinkles at bay . Recently , Bed , Bath & Beyond has been carrying this lotion in their Harmon Product section-available in some stores and online .
 I love Complex 15 and used it after I could no longer find another dermatologist recommended moisturizer . I have been hooked ever since . It never leaves your skin greasy and if you need a lot of moisture you can reapply to gain a deeper effect . I was once able to find it at CVS , but the last two years it has been harder and harder and then finally it was nowhere to be found . Thanks Amazon .
 Many years ago , at least 25 , a friend who is a dermatologist recommended this product to me . She used it herself . It was more difficult to get in those days and after awhile , I was lured by the promises of the expensive cosmetic counter products . I have returned to Complex 15 and will never buy anything else.This is simply the best that I have ever used . I wash with goats milk soap and apply this lotion twice a day . I get compliments all the time on my skin and I 'm 64 . Lightweight , unscented , and priced right . But highly effective !!
 This lotion is very very veryyyy lightweight . I can use less than a dime size on my entire face and still have a lot extra . It 's great for sensitive skin , or skin easily prone to breakouts . When your skin is extremely dry to the point of flaky-ness , it does n't help much there . It might provide immediate relief for a few hours , but not throughout the day or anything longterm . This bottle might last me a few years ! Ha it 's huge .
 I wish I had found this before spending money on all kinds of lotions incuding `` Gold Bond '' for extra dry skin . Gold Bond is horrible , and I am just going to throw out the two bottles I got . It is thick , greasy and my skin is actually drier soon after using it . This stuff , on the other hand , is a godsend . It is light , nongreasy and my skin actually feels moisturized more than 5 minutes after use . I 'll buy this again !!!
 I 've used this product on my face morning and night for about 10 years . It 's very light , non greasy , and a little goes a long way . The lotion formula is very hard to find so I get it on Amazon .
 Love this stuff it actually works and gets rid of dry skin and itchyness caused by dry skin .
 Well , this is one more time that I 've learned that when you get a great deal at Amazon , you better buy ALOT since it may not last . I purchased four of these bottles for a super price along with free shipping . Only to find now when I want to reorder , the deal is gone . This seems to be happening with many items I 've purchased in the past . Like cashew butter and some medical supplies . A prime membership is still a good deal , but is becoming less so obviously .
 For the price it 's a very good purchase . FYI , it was $ 6.75 on July 20 2006 . Pros : -LRB- 1 -RRB- very good moisturizer - works well during the night -LRB- 2 -RRB- absorbs very quickly - normally within 2-3 minutes -LRB- 3 -RRB- not sticky after usage - very good aspectCons : -LRB- 1 -RRB- does not smell good -LRB- not bad either -RRB- - the only complaintI just wish that it were perfumed :-RRB- so that I can use it in the day time too . If so , it can just be the best one available on the market .
 Have been usnig this for years . THis is the only moisturizer that I can use regularly and not break out .
 I have a great complexion however I 'm finding small milia on my face . I immediately changed up my make up , found a great facial exfoliating sponge , and then began using this lotion instead of the expensive &#34; dermatologist recommended &#34; lotions I had been using . I found immediate , great results !! The milia is going away and my skin looks even better . Buy with confidence ladies as this lotion is wonderful . Not greasy and does n't clog pores . I will forever be a loyal customer for this product !!
 Best lotion ever had . It is not greasy and is truly fragrance free . My husband uses it as an after shave lotion and says that it makes his skin very smooth and soothes after shave irritation .
 Great stuff . Sadly , this product seems to be unavailable in many brick and mortar stores now . I used it on a friend 's recommendation because I had dry and cracked skin around some of my knuckles - the result of having my hands in various cleaners and solvents and scraping and banging them while repairing things . Going back to school , I was no longer in that environment but the problem persisted . I actually carried around a tube of A&D ; lotion and used it a few times a day for two years with only short term relief . Then I found Complex 15 and used if for around three days and the problem was resolved . A few years later , I encountered a machinist who was having hand irritation from the chlorine used in cutting oils for machining & recommended Complex 15 to him . I ran into him a year later and he said his boss was ordering it for the shop for all the workers to use.The product I am referring to is not the face lotion -LRB- no experience with that -RRB- . As far as I am aware , there are no dyes or preservatives in this stuff , and with the phospholipids it is life friendly , so keep it in the fridge - another reason to do so is that it is basically an oil and will go rancid if left out . In its absence in stores , I have looked at a lot of what is available ; most of what is out there are multiple brands with the same basic ingredients - but not what is in Complex 15 . If you use it but your hands are going to be in water a lot , apply Eucerin over the Complex 15 - this is basically a wax that will seal in the Complex 15 so it does not get washed away immediately .
 I have rosacea and ca n't use very many lotions because they make me break out . This lotion is nice and gentle and does n't irritate my sensitive facial skin . Plus , the price is great !
 This product is amazing !!! Keeps my skin hydrated and feels like i am not wearing anything at all !!! Awesome !!!
 It 's nice lotion and works great for my husband who 's on oxygen and can only use non petroleum based products when there 's oxygen running in his room .
 Bought this product based on reviews . Glad I did . My skin feels smooth and soft all day with no break outs , shine , or slip . Penetrates quickly and works well with BB Cream which I use as a foundation . A small amount goes a long way . I have tried so many daily moisturizers with varied success , but believe that this will be a keeper for as long as it is available . Use this under my night cream for extra moisture . Smooths out rough heels too . Great product , great price . Would recommend to anyone and would give as a gift .
 I LOVE this stuff . I feel like it is just very basic and pure , no heavy smell , no crazy chemical feel . I had used it for many years after a woman who had fantastic skin told me she used it . It then became very hard to find , my local drug store would special order it for me , but then they just stopped taking special orders . I have rosacea and Complex 15 seems to help . It has no smell and is very light going on , I find my skin drinks it in . In the winter I slather it on , and then sometimes put on more . In the summer , I find I do n't have to use as much . I am sooo excited to have found it again , and will never , never give it up again . By the way there is no difference between the small tube , and the 8oz bottle . Buy the 8 oz bottle , a much better deal !!!! My 18 year old loves it too !!!
 This moisturizer is great because it is so light and nonsmelly . I wish they would offer it with spf though
 I agree with the other two reviewers-this is the best lotion I have ever used-moisturizes my skin without that sticky , greasy feeling many other lotions leave behind . I am a nurse , and washing my hands countless times everyday with harsh institutional soaps leaves them red , cracked , sore , and , in general , a mess . Once I found Complex 15 , my skin is so much healthier !
 I 've been using Complex 15 for many , many years -LRB- it was recommended by a dermatologist -RRB- and I ca n't say enough about this moisturizer . It 's so light and non-greasy and great for sensitive skin . Even my husband uses it . And now that I can order it at Amazon for even less than it sells in the stores I can stock up and never run out ! Also , I qualifed for free shipping by ordering 4 bottles and my order arrived in only a few days .
 my skin was a wreck , dry , kind of scaly and then I started using this , I used the whole bottle putting it on after every shower on my whole body while I was just damp and the results are amazing , my skin is a smooth as silk , no dryness , and it feels so much more resilient , I will never allow myself to be out of this product . It did n't happen over night , but it did happen , this is the best I have ever tried and I have tried so many lotions , one of the best things about it is the way it absorbs into the skin , and there is absolutely no greasy or oily feeling , my elbows are just as smooth as the rest of me , I ca n't say enough about this product , if you try it do commit to a whole bottle , it took time for your skin to get in bad shape and it will take some time to get it in good shape , but my skin everywhere is as smooth and silky as a child 's , and no fragrance is a plus , I urge anybody with dry skin or scaly cracked areas to try this .
 I 've gone through many moisturizers over the years ... I could use a new brand for a few months , but would end up with dry itchy patches around the base of my face , and neck , and red patches under my eyes . -LRB- Weird ... I know ... -RRB- Complex 15 has fixed that ... completely . It is the BEST product out there . It absorbs quickly , and is non greasy . I wish they made a version for the rest of my body!Try it ... you will LOVE it .
 Does n't irritate sensitive skin , great for dry skin , and certainly does n't clog pores . Love this product - can use it on face as well as body .
 i read all of the reviews and they all said this lotion is so wonderful well it really is
 The best ever face lotion - not greasy at all , moisturizes like a wonder . Better than any other brand I 've tried -LRB- all others are oily or greasy -RRB- .
 I ordered Complex 15 because someone recommended it to address my ongoing battle with acne and rosacia . After 3 weeks , I can see improvement with both areas . Also , it is great for after shaving . It does seem to have a magic touch for soothing most of the issues I encounter with my problem skin . It is nice to have one go to product . While the Rosacia seems managed , the acne is still a problem . The Complex 15 has reduced the large breakouts , and now it is smaller . This is an improvement but troublesome . I am gaining ground in my acne battle , but the war wages on .
 I was so grateful to find this . It was recommended to my mother by a pharmacist in AZ and she brought a bottle up to me , she was so excited . I can use it even though I have the most sensitive skin of anyone I know . I use it on my hands , but also the areas I get eczema , behind my ears , knees , and in my elbow . It is THE only lotion that does n't burn or make my skin itch . It soaks in completely and does n't wash off or get oily . I offered a bit to my fiance , and he now uses it exclusively . In Alaska , everyone uses hand lotion , it 's so dry , but I 'm just so excited to have my Complex 15 up here in the dry cold .
 This is a great lotion ! You can feel your skin just sopping up the moisture it provides . My dermatologist recommended it years ago and I used it until I could n't find it anymore . I have experimented with many other lotions that claim they 're non-allergenic and break out in a rash by the second week of use.I 'm so glad I found this lotion online ! This lotion is affordably priced I just wish I did n't have to pay shipping to get it since I ca n't find it in any stores in my town , including Walmart.Oh well . It 's still well worth paying the shipping . If I had to pay more for this product , I 'd still buy it as it is truly the ONLY lotion I can use without having an allergic reaction . I have tried many , many , many other lotions only to waste my money.Love you Complex 15 !
 Theis stuff is simply the best . Like whipped water on your skin , no grease , no smell .
 Excellent products as prescribed years ago by our excellent dermatologist.Will use it forever , or until our doctor says otherwise .
 I have tried many many moisturizing lotions , and this is by far my favorite . It 's not too greasy , but it moisturizes well . It 's also perfect to put on underneath make up - foundation glides on very well after putting this on -LRB- you have to wait for just a minute though for the lotion to seep into your pores -RRB- . And it 's reasonably priced too.I highly recommend this moisturizer .
 Get it , complex , simple ... Anyhow , this lotion works wonders and is very affordable . I have dry skin and a very small amount -LRB- dime-sized -RRB- takes care of my face for the entire day . It does not feel oily or heavy and within a few minutes you will forget you ever applied it.My skin is sensitive to lotions and loves to make zits , but that 's never been the case since using Complex 15 . Good job , guys.The only downside to this product is how incredibly ugly the bottle is . The smaller squeeze bottles look significantly better ... this reminds me of a pet product or aquarium cleaner , but if that 's what it takes to keep costs down then I have no complaints .
 My Dr recommended this product to me 20 some yrs ago so I am an long time userthe local drug store dropped it , I am so happy for Amazon . . Thank you
 My friend tells me that this is a very good product and does what it says on the tin !!! Everyone is happy . Thank you .
 I have combination skin and have tried so many different kinds of moisturizers , but Complex 15 is the BEST ! I have been using it for a couple years and have had absolutely no problems with it .
 This is definitely the best lotion I have ever used . No smell , not greasy like so many other lotions . Just an all around excellent moisturizer . Would recommend to everyone ! JJJ
 My girlfriend says she only has to apply this moisturizer about a third as often as her old moisturizer . And she loves that it does n't smell .
 Have used this for 20 years , I have a twin sister who does n't , my skin looks bettter .
 Marketed as a man 's fragrance , this perfume is perfect for women who do not like cloyingly sweet fragrances . The aroma is both woody and citrusy , and lasts for a long time . I bought this in Europe and am looking to purchases here in the states !!
 I 've only had this flat iron for a week or two , but it is great . Reading other reviews , the only negative thing I 've heard is that it stops working or breaks pretty early on , and I have n't had it long enough to tell , but so far so good . I have tried cheap wal mart flat irons , I have bought a cheaper -LRB- $ 30 - -RRB- flat iron from a beauty supply store . But nothing turns my thick , coarse , curly hair stick straight - I always get waves and frizz . I even sat in a salon for hours and had my hair chemically straightened to no avail . In fact , I have been so exasperated with my hair I have been shaving my head for the past few years . Right now I have a mohawk , which is getting rather long , so it is getting harder and harder to maintain . A friend flat ironed my hair with a Ceramic Tools straightener , and it was stick straight -LRB- although very fluffy - very 80 's -RRB- - I decided I needed a more expensive iron . So I went all out and bought a hai convertable -LRB- the `` new and improved '' kind , which this specific one apparently is by the appearance of it -RRB- . My hair has never been so straight , other than when a flat iron was used on my hair in a salon once . It straightens it so much , it can leave a little kink in your hair where you started , from the hair going from wavy to straight , if you 're not careful -LRB- which is a good sign -RRB- . Not only is it straight , it is very silky and smooth for once in my life . The Hai Convertable heats up very fast and has a temperature control dial that goes up to 400 degrees , and a LED light that blinks when the set temperature is achieved . According to their site , the Hai only uses 50 watts of energy . It is light and has a great , easy design ; it feels nice to use and it clamps down nicely on hair without puling it.If you have unruly hair that has n't responded to previous treatments and products - if the idea of shaving your head has ever crossed your mind out of exasperation - the Hai Convertable is neccessary for straight , smooth hair .
 I 've had this flat iron for about 21/2 years ; one of my best friends and I both bought it at the same time . However , after a year her 's began to automatically turn itself off while she was using it and the only way to get it to come back on was to try and swivel the cord . Sadly , mine is doing the exact same thing . It did make my hair straight and was well worth the money I paid for i at the time , but I do n't plan on buying another one because I think it 's poorly made if everyone 's breaks after a short period of time .
 This is my favorite flat iron . I have had 2 and am on to my 3rd now . The reason it 's not 5 stars is because -LRB- like the other reviewers say -RRB- it only lasts 1-2 years max . I had each for that period of time and towards the end , it just is n't reliable . I would plug it in , and it would lose it 's connection . After my 2nd HAI , I got tired of the problem and tried to switch I got theFHI Heat Platform 1 Inch Professional Ceramic Tourmaline Styling Iron with Nano-Fuzeion TechnologyI have been disappointed with that flat iron from day 1 . I am now heading back to the HAI.Buy a HAI . Enjoy it for 18 months . Consider each additional day as a gift from the hair straightening gods .
 It is definitely one of the best hair straighteners I have ever had , not the best I have ever used though . I would recommend it because for the price I got it for it was well worth it .
 Ii was sent so quickly , but I used to have the same product a few years ago , I do n't know company itself changed the material or this order . It was just cheaper material !
 I recieved this item soooo fast and it was in perfect condition . Highly recommend this seller !
 Already a fan of Red flower candles , I was eager to try their skin care line . It 's as fine as the candles.Once again , Red flower adheres to the highest standards in formulating this rich delightfully scented Body Wash. . For me , Indian Jasmine is an apropos cold or warm weather fragrance . It 's rather heady , a bit intense in a lovely way , and generates feelings of warmth.The Body Wash is redolent of honey , almond oil and neem extract . Pale honey in color , the wash softens and fragrances as it cleanses . I 've found that a quarter size dollop is more than enough for bath or shower . Simply lather over your entire body with your hands ... and enjoy.The companion Indian Jasmine Moisturizing Body Lotion is the ultimate for added softening after bath or shower . - Gail Cooke
 I bought this comb along with the detangler version . This works well . But feels a little sharp in my scalp . I like the detangler one really well but they both work fine .
 No problem with lather that prior reviewer `` hate to shop '' experienced . I got plenty of lather from a small amount of shampoo . It cleans my hair pretty much like every other shampoo I 've used . My expectation/hope was for the smell of long-discontinued `` Yucca Dew '' . Unfortunate homonyms for Yucca Dew might be why it 's not here
 I purchased this shampoo after a friend informed me that yucca would help my hair stop thinning . My hair had become stringy and thinned so much I did n't even look like myself . The company shipped very quickly , I received the package before the stated date . When I first started using this shampoo it was hard to get used to the fact that it does n't lather like a regular shampoo . I thought `` Oh yeah , like this will get my hair clean '' . BUT I was delightfully suprised when I dried my hair and it was more manageable . It looked cleaner than it had ever looked and not near as much was in the sink or the brush . Now , weeks later , my husband even commented on how great my hair was looking and he even started using the shampoo . I came back to order more today and will continue to use this product .
 As avant garde as some of his fashions , the bottle designer Jean Paul Gaultier created for his signature fragrance is a stand-out . Then , with a so-who-cares bow to the accepted he presented his Mae West shaped bottle in a tin can . Women loved it , and men did , too.It brings smiles to faces when they see it on a dressing table . And , most importantly , the fragrance is delightful - a heady but not intrusive blend of roses and vanilla .
 As avant garde as some of his fashions , the bottle designer Jean Paul Gaultier created for his signature fragrance is a stand-out . Then , with a so-who-cares bow to the accepted he presented his Mae West shaped bottle in a tin can . Women loved it , and men did , too.It brings smiles to faces when they see it on a dressing table . And , most importantly , the fragrance is delightful - a heady but not intrusive blend of roses and vanilla .
 As avant garde as some of his fashions , the bottle designer Jean Paul Gaultier created for his signature fragrance is a stand-out . Then , with a so-who-cares bow to the accepted he presented his Mae West shaped bottle in a tin can . Women loved it , and men did , too.It brings smiles to faces when they see it on a dressing table . And , most importantly , the fragrance is delightful - a heady but not intrusive blend of roses and vanilla .
 Different colors are different concentrations for Haute Couture : EdT - pink lady , 16 % concentration -LRB- 84 % vol -RRB- , unadorned topEdP - blue lady , 20 % concentration -LRB- 80 % vol -RRB- , gold ribbon at topparfum - red lady , 26 % concentration -LRB- 74 % vol -RRB- , gold bow at topConcentrations wear differently . * EDT * Haute Couture EdT -LRB- 84 % pink -RRB- opens with bergamot , sharpness -LRB- pepper ? -RRB- & spices -LRB- coriander ? -RRB- . To me , HC starts as a fresh , green floral but it dries to a jasmine amber woody about 1-2 hours out . HC has a faint soap-powder thing going on that I enjoy . Other members report that the florals are carnation , geranium , & chrysanthemum , and I believe it - these are sharp , green florals to my nose that play nice on my skin . Haute Couture EdT would make an excellent fragrance for Spring or Summer , and it lasts 4-5 hours . * PARFUM * The parfum is green , fruity and woody . It is sweeter and less harsh than the EdT , and the lineage to HM Hanae Mori butterfly is clear here because of the sweetness . Completely & utterly fantastic on top and through the heart . It wears like sweet , dried flowers for 5-6 hours . Unfortunately , then it gets a little muddy to me and the end stage of the fragrance is much better in the EdT . Love at first , like in the end . * EDP * The EdP is great , but does n't throw itself as much as the EdT or parfum . The EdP wears softer than the EdT , and it is not as sweet as the parfum . However , I think the EdP is the best of the three - it has just enough mix of green & sweet and smells like dried flowers on me . That 's a tough one to describe - it 's not floral , but it is dried flowers . Only wish this one was longer lasting . * Overall * Haute Couture could be a signature scent for me . One for a lifetime , if only it was a bit longer lasting it would be perfect . Regardless , I ca n't imagine myself ever being without HM Haute Couture .
 Hanai Mori Haute Couture is a lovely ! This perfume smells wonderful . Great price & great quality . It is a subtle light refreshing scent , not overwhelming at all . And for the wonderful price I will be ordering another bottle soon !
 Hanae Mori has come a long way from her birth in rural Shimane , Japan . She is now a world reknowned designer dividing her time between Paris and Japan . Departing from clothing she introduced this scent , a unique blend of aromas , some ten years ago.Highlighted by flowers and berries there are also notes of strawberries and almond.The lovely bottle has a top modeled of glass to represent the folded wings of a butterfly . This fragrance is suitable for all occasions .
 ES CITRICO , EN ALGUNAS CHICAS QUEDA MUY BIEN , EN OTRAS NO MUCHO , DEPENDE DE LA QUIMICA , PERO ES BUENO SI TE QUEDA
 one of my fav . . always received compliments on this . . just wowwww ! love the smell , awesome , would love to buy more of same price
 Mmmm ! Smells great ! I received many compliments when wearing this . Great price too !
 This has been discontinued , so I was so glad to find it ! It arrived just fine and within a reasonable time .
 I bought this fragrance years ago Duty Free at Heathrow . Never heard of it before and the floor clerk was really pushing it . So , I thought `` What the heck ! '' I really liked it and it was something different and new . I got so many complements on it ! I paid at least triple at Duty Free . Buy it on Amazon !
 Great price for this item . Probably half of what I found retail . Prompt delivery on this item - was a gift for a family member and they were delighted .
 I 'm very satisfied with the Lavender Harmony paraffin refill wax . Because its in little beads , the wax melts quicker too . Very soothing and I would recommend it to anyone who has arthritis in their hands such as I do . The heated wax is like magic and soothes the pain away . I use it everyday .
 I bought the Eye Charm Double Eyelid Tape for my daughter . She has one single eyelid on one of her eye . This tape works great , it stick well . She wears it everyday after school through next day morning to create a grease line and it already gave her double eyelid after a month use .
 Love everything about it , it 's texture , it 's smell , it leaves you skin soft as a baby , simply love it !
 I 've had this umbrella for about 2 years and have used it extensively - both in the sun and rain . It has definitely provided great protection for myself and my babies from the hot Georgia sun and I 've never had any problems . Also , it is noticeably cooler under this umbrella as compared to regular parasols or umbrellas . My friends may make fun of me for using it , but I use it every time I go out in the Georgia summer sun .
 I love this lotion . I bought it after I had my 8 lb baby . I found it to be very soothing and did help reduce the intensity of some of the stretch marks . It is about one year later and they are still there but the cream probably helped some . However , for a lotion in general I found it to be wonderful . The scent was calming . The texture was very smooth . It was easily applicable .
 I started using this product when I was 3 months pregnant with my first baby . I did n't have a single stretch mark throughout my entire pregnancy . However , after the baby was born , a few light colored streatch marks started appearing !!! Never thought that you could get streatch marks after pregnancy !!! Even my doctor was surprised . I immediately started using this product again , and the post-pregnancy stretch marks went away after about 2 weeks of applying the lotion twice a day . I am pregnant again and will continue to use this product .
 this is great . It last all day and it really makes your eyes pop . very good product . I am def going to get again
 Wow this eye shadow it 's amazing it 's my favorite by Mac it 's a must for any deep purple fan I loooooooove it : -RRB-
 This works for me as a nice casual scent for everyday . Reasonably priced . It 's very light and crisp with a notably citrus air . It does n't scream out that you 're about to enter a coffee shop or bar from the parking lot , essentially . Good stuff .
 Cabochard is not for young girls or those without a developed nose for perfumes . It 's designed for women who prefer the rich and complex . If I could afford to bathe in this , I would . The modern version of this is a cousin to the original , but still far and above most of what is currently is on the market . No Floriental celebrity perfumes in this bottle!From Perfume Intelligence : The 1958 Version
 Being new to wearing perfume , having used essential oils instead -LRB- love myrrh , frankincense , vetiver , bergamont , cedar -RRB- - I was looking for a complex , subtle scent . My mother used Channel no5 which I liked but I wanted something more ... . I did alot of research & visited several dept stores - literally smelled EVERY scent they had - which would include most of the popular stuff out there . EVERY thing was so sweet & flowery & overpowering , -LRB- ie this includes Black Orchid -RRB- . So , did some work online and found the leather chypre scents ... of course , these are nearly impossible to find ... . so I took a chance & orderd both Cabochard & Bandit online & love them both ! Your body chemistry does have to flow w / these scents and they do not last all day . I use the Cabochard for workday & Bandit for everything else . No problems w / my allergies . I work in an environment where perfumes can be problematic but have absolutely no problems wearing either to work . I also use Cabaret -LRB- by Gres -RRB- for a lighter , spring/summer scent .
 I just got this after reading a review that compared it with Bandit , one of my major favorites . Well , it turns out I like this BETTER than Bandit except for the opening . Bandit opens with a peppery-ness that I like a lot , but it fades quickly . Cabochard opens less interestingly , but it dries down to smell almost exactly like Bandit but with a little less masculinity . It 's a great scent -- nice and complex . Not for kids -- far too mature . While it is recommended for evening , I 'm wearing it in the daytime , too .
 I have been wearing Cabochard for over 28 years and have never changed my fragrance . When my friends and I get together that I have n't seen in awhile I always hear , `` I 've missed that smell '' and me of course . It 's one of a kind and I swear by it .
 When I first applied Cabochard , I had a what-the-heck reaction . What was everyone thinking ? Herbs & citrus was not what I was expecting from this revered leather . Thankfully I waited , patiently waited . It was an hour before Cabochard began to peel back its layers . First , the beautiful floral heart that is not overtly femme . Then , a smoky , dry strapping leather to rave about . Later , almost a worn & loved suede jacket . It 's love.I 'm uncertain how wearable Cabochard is for me because it has n't passed the DH -LRB- darling husband -RRB- test . However , I now have an appreciation for this new-found classic , and I better understand where citrus-leathers -LRB- like the lighter & well-done Cerruti Image Woman -RRB- may have got inspiration .
 I recently came across information on Madam Gres 's timeless designs and , as a sidetrack , read about the designer 's perfumes . I am fully aware that re-formulations are sometimes hard to deal with , especially , if there is a strong attachment with the original formulations . For example , I still can not come to terms with the rewamping of Rive Gauche . A significant part of my life is associated with its unmistakeable signature fragrance . In a reformulated format , it felt like it was a disinherited cousin to a wealthy aristocratic original . Eventually , I embraced its simplified persona and included it into my perfume `` pallette '' . In case of Cabochard , have never tried the original . I read the reviews , both positive and negative , and decided to give it a try . After I had made a purchase , I came across a particularly bitter review by Luca Turin , one of the estimed experts on the subject of parfumery . He compared re-formulated Cabochard to withered and prematurely aged Peter O'Tool , nothing like the original Laurence of Arabil `` god '' , so to speak . I was horrified . Well , I was not so much concerned with the loss of money -LRB- thankfully , it is very affordable -RRB- but by the fact that I was tricked into buying it . When I received it , I was pleasantly surprised . It is a memorable perfume - no flowerly simplicity here . It would be well suited for a woman who wants to make a statement and knows what she wants . I might still hunt it down on ebay one of these days but I am perfectly content with this `` imposter '' . I do love Bandit and Azuree but Cabochard will take its proper place in my collection of perfumes to reflect my executive power and confidence moods and roles I need to play in life .
 I have been wearing this perfume since the 60s . Would n't wear anything else . It is the best and I always get compliments on the fragrance all over the place .
 The Eau De Toilette was one of the best shopping I have done on line QUALITY and PRICE wise.I am familiar with this brand for so long and I have paid a much higher price for the exact same thing when I bought it overseas .
 PERFECT PRODUCT I RECOMENDED FOR EVERYBODY , GOOD FRAGANCE FOR SENIORS I WILL GIVE TO MY MOTHER FOR HOLIDAYS SHE LIKE A LOTS
 I had n't used this cologne for over 40 years and did n't know if they still made it . Well , Amazon did have it and I am enjoying it as well as memories of those days . Thanks Amazon !
 I first sampled this product at Harrods in London , but did not purchase it . When arriving home I searched it out on the internet and found it . I am very pleased with the product , the price and the seller .
 I 've got this fragrance for the friend . She used it long time ago and loved it . She could not find it and was very pleased when I 've send it to her .
 I have 25 Bare Mineral eyeshadow colors and enthusiastically look forward to applying them every day for three main reasons
 Just the right amount of shimmer , absolutely beautiful . I love BE and I love browns , this one gives me a great overall glow
 This is an incredibly hard perfume to find , and they offered it for a great price . It came quickly , although I did n't receive a notification that it had been shipped.This is my favorite perfume of all time . Love it !
 I absolutely love pure wish and i could n't wait to get it , thank you so much for the quick service and it arrived in pristine condition .
 My husband and I just love the Pre de Provence Soap ! We discovered the soap on a romantic get-away and I just had to find it again . I did n't have to look far . I was thrilled to find it on Amazon!This soap is made very well . It is triple milled and so soft . It lasts a long time and creates a very rich lather , not to mention all the wonderful scents available.We also use it for hand soap and the hands just love it , keeping them smooth and supple , wrapped in shea butter . All your skin can benefit from the daily use of the shea butter blended in this soap.I would encourage you to treat yourself to the simple pleasure of some wonderful soap !
 This cologne has a very nice and distinctive scent believe me when I say that someone will remember you every time they smell this scent . It 's pleasant , soft scent and long lasting .
 This is a gentle micro dermabrasion that is very reasonable in price -LRB- I paid 5 at Brighton Marina factory outlet shop -RRB- and it comes in 2 parts with a small bottle of serum after the exfoliation use . It leaves the skin absolutely brilliantly clean and soft . I am a qualified beautician and this is definitely one of the best I have used . The problem is getting hold of it . It is made in Canada .
 I recently purchased the Desert Essence Coconut Body Wash , Coconut Shampoo and Coconut Conditioner on Amazon.com . My husband and I have used other Desert Essence products before and loved them -LRB- Tea Tree Blemish Stick - amazing on insect bites and Tea Tree Deodorant which works as well as any deodorant/anti-perspirant with loads of nasty chemicals in it -RRB- We have been big fans of coconut-smelling products for a while but I have often shied away , as a lot of them smell very sickly sweet . No one wants to end up smelling like a cupcake or a pina colada!Not so with these ! We love love love all three and the smell is subtle and not sweet or overpowering . I have long hair and wash it nearly every day -LRB- terrible I know -RRB- and the shampoo and conditioner keeps my mane glossy and hydrated . I get little hints of coconut now and then throughout the day but I like that - I live in NYC and having clean smelling hair by the end of the day can be tricky.The body wash has a nice consistency and my husband loves using it . He works on construction sites in all weathers and it does n't irritate or dry out his skin.Nice packaging - you absolutely get your money 's worth with 8fl oz . and as I said , we use them nearly every day and a little goes a long way . When I purchased all three they each had a slightly different label so there as been no confusion during those early morning , bleary-eyed showers!The MASSIVE plus for me with these products is that in addition to using sustainable , organic ingredients , neither the finished product NOR the raw ingredients are tested on animals or contain animal by-products . They are vegan . They are also gluten free and have no nasties -LRB- phosphates etc -RRB- in them . Plus it is a small American company ... let 's support them!Highly Recommended .
 I am so happy to have found an organic coconut body product that has a true coconut fragrance , and wo n't fill your body with harmful toxins . I was using the creamy coconut shower cream and body butter from the Body Shop until I found out how toxic the ingredients are . I love this product and plan to try some others .
 This is a very reasonably priced organic product . It is the best scented lotion ever , and is nicely rich and very effective . It is one of my favorite little luxuries .
 I first tried this brand and scent locally . It was sometimes sold out , so I found it here and now subscribe to have them mailed to my house . I wash my hands a lot at work and add moisture back easily with this lotion . Smells very nice too .
 This is a very good product , with a subtle rather than an overpowering scent , absorbs into the skin quickly , and makes it pretty soft and supple . Not too liquid , not too greasy - just right !
 In this age of synthetic everything , more than once I have been met with `` Eww ! '' from bystanders when I apply this lotion . Well , foolish souls , that which you are wrinkling your nose at is REAL LAVENDER , not some `` Pomegranate-Blueberry crossed with Shea Nut Butter and Peppermint '' -LRB- artificial , of course -RRB- concoction bought from the nearest dollar store . From me , you will reap no sympathy , no whit of understanding . For lavender is good , and real , and beneficial , a time-honored adjunct to the human skin care regime . Stop this nonsense ! Chemicals are a wild card , and your skin is your body 's largest organ ! Now , down to product details : The take-up on the skin is immediate , leaving no greasy residue . The lavender scent settles down to become gently lingering . The plastic tube is admittedly bulky but so is my handbag , which is where it lives . I love this product and use it daily . The ingredients pass muster , so one can apply it lavishly and at will with no worries . So place your phony Banana-French Vanilla crossed with African Eggplant and Wild Buckwheat body care products in the trash can where they belong . The price is right , so buy this ! You wo n't regret it -LRB- unless you hate the smell of lavender . -RRB-
 Love the smell and the price . Great moisturizer for the winter . Switched to this product do to allergic reaction to products from a big name bath store brand .
 I really enjoy all of the Desert Essence products I have tried -LRB- I LOVE the face lotion -RRB- . I am a big fan of coconut scented things as well so I obviously was drawn to the coconut scented body wash . I was a little disappointed in the smell , not very coconut-y . I would have liked more fruit scent rather than the floral type smell it had . Still a great product . I would recommend any Desert essence product to anyone .
 I have been using organic products all my adult life and this is the best body wash I have ever come across . It is paraben and sulfate free , plus it is biodegradable and organic . I find the company to be particularly picky about what goes in this line of body washed , and reading the ingredient list is like reading a grocery list - all good fruits and veggies and no unpronounceable words . I have a paraben and sulfate sensitivity and I have been using this body wash for a while now with no problems . It is gentle enough for sensitive skin but tough enough to clean immaculately . It leaves no icky residue and it lathers well . Was one of the only soaps recommended to me by my surgeon after I had abdominal surgery which was gentle on wounds but cleaned well :-RRB- .
 I like this product , it 's just a little more than what I usely pay for body wash . It is well worth the money and it does not leave any residue on my skin .
 I got this for my daughter after she had a soap reaction that left her hands flaky , dry and chapped . In a day , using gloves and this lotion , her hands were much improved . In two days they were normal again . The scent is pleasant , and it absorbs well . It 's not greasy feeling , and it 's a nice thick cream . It 's reasonably priced , and I 'm very happy with how well it worked on her hands . It also seems to hold up well to winter , my hands feels nice and soft and I use it only in the morning and at night .
 I totally love Coconut , fantastic sexy scent and excellent hydration !! Because I love drinking chai , I tried Vanilla chai , it was not a good idea at all . It smells weird , too spicy ... I mean , who on earth wants to smell spicy ?? Dessert essence is absolutely my favorite lotion , but I highly recommend that you avoid the Vanilla chai flavor .
 I bought this lotion after I started `` skin brushing '' . The directions recomended to use an organic almond lotion so I decided to give this a try . The smell is wonderful and it has a very luxurious feel and is a great moisturizer . Would recommend this to all my friends and will be using this lotion exclusively .
 Smells like Grape Candy , im not too thrilled about it , but it gets the job done . Will not leave your skin feeling dried out , or irritated . Lathers well , but I wish the product was thicker . I find myself having to squeeze a lot onto my shower pouf.I wont buy this scent again , but thats just my personal preference.I recommend Desert Essence Organics Coconut Body Wash , its the first one ive tried by this brand and it smells great ! Very nice fresh Coconut scent . I also love their Coconut Shampoo and Conditioner.Overall im very pleased with the Desert Essence Organics line .
 One application seems enough for me during the summer weather and double up the application during the colder weather . The scent in this product is okay it is not as strong as the other product I reviewed . This product is 100 % Vegan , Wheat & Gluten Free , paraben-free , and propylene glycol-free . Made in the US
 I have been on a mission to convert my library of personal care/hygiene products to the most `` green '' and cruelty-free I can . I have used a variety of different body washes prior to this , including several by Dove and more recently a Suave `` Sweet Pea '' formula.I was really excited to try this product after smelling it at a local natural foods store . Grape Kool-Aid , grape popsicles , grape soda , grape bubble gum , I love all that stuff . So when I smelled this at the store , I was sold.I have learned there is truth to the old saying about too much of a good thing . This stuff is almost too grapey , and it 's that synthetic candyish grapeyness . It 's not upsetting by any means , but it is just not a scent I would make my usual , everyday shower gel scent.I used it in a pouf and it made good suds and seemed entirely adequate as a cleanser.The company 's pedigree is good from an environmental and cruelty-free standpoint . I will try other of their products but probably will pass on this one in the future .
 My mother was saying how when she was young she had a almond lotion and loved it . So for xmas I ordered this one . I was n't sure if it was the right kind . Well she loved it ! Thank you so much for this lotion !!!! I got it in plenty of time for xmass
 Smells great ! Prevents my hands from getting chapped in the winter as I do a lot of outside work and do n't wear gloves much . Like knowing I 'm putting natural ingredients on hands and not a bunch of chemicals .
 This is great aromatherapy because it smells like a raspberry field and is so refreshing and leaves your skin smelling berry wonderful .
 What can I say I love to eat coconuts , I love to shower with coconut body wash and I even use coconut lotion on my feet.Dessert Essence is awesome product . Their body wash is concentrated and lasts along time . If you shower once a day this wil lastsover a month . in my case since I shower every quarter one 8 ounce tube can last me years : -RRB-
 Smells delicious ! I love it ! I was surprised to see that the lotion was brown , but I guess that makes sense because it has Chai in it . But when you rub it in it 's clear . I have sensitive skin and this does n't make me itch like some other lotions .
 Great smell , absorbs nicely into the skin , not too thick or thin , does not feel greasy . All of the things I want in a lotion . I will be buying this over and over and over again .
 My family has commented about how wonderful I smell since I started using this lotion . It is subtle after the first few minutes . Looks like it will be sticky , but it 's not and it make my skin soft and smooth . I am now using everyday .
 This is my third order of this lotion ; so , I guess you could say , ' I ABSOLUTELY LOVE IT ! ` I 've hesitated to write a review because I 'm afraid you will go up on the price . I 'm what you would call A More Mature Adult -LRB- AMMA -RRB- and I get compliments on my hands , arms and legs because of this wonderful lotion . Being AMMA I 've tried about every lotion on the market and I ca n't lie , this makes me feel younger.I have to tell you this because it 's just too funny
 I found this by accident and decided to try the raspberry scent , since I love berry scents and liked the list of ingredients . I thought this product worked well and it did n't leave a residue or make my skin feel itchy , which is important due to my occasional dermatitis issues and being stuck with well water . It also did n't cause problems down below , which a lot of soaps seem to do , so that was a bonus.The scent , on the other hand , was n't my favorite . I did n't hate it , but it was very mild and unremarkable once applied to the body , and it did n't really remind me of raspberries . I think I got spoiled , back when I could afford L'Occitane 's Verbana soap , which I thought was Nirvana in a bottle . I 'm pretty sensitive to smells , so I was glad that it did n't smell perfumey or floral , but I also would like something that smells a little more fruity/noticeable at the same time.Since I could n't initially find the coconut or grape to try , I went ahead and tried Nature 's Gate Acai body wash , since it also has great ingredients , and fell in love with it . So , I 'll probably switch to that , even though it 's not organic . You also get over double the quantity for about $ 1 more , which is handy , since I 'm broke . I also found it more conditioning on the skin . The papaya smells nice , too.All in all , it 's a pretty good product , and I recommend it if you 're concerned about your ingredients and want something more organic . I may order another Desert Essence in a different scent later on , now that I see they 're available , and ship it to my mom 's place for when I visit and to try . It does suds up well and it has a thin , clear , sort of gel-like consistency .
 I was thrilled to find Parfum Sacre by Caron available here on Amazon for such a great price . Just opened the package , spritzed some on my wrist , and I 'm in heaven again . I love this fragrance .
 I received a free sample from Tamac the Perfume House and was a little put off by the intensely peppery smell at first , but within 15 minutes it does fade off beautifully into a rich spicy floral with an almost `` salty '' undersmell , hard to describe but I like it . .
 With all of the new perfumes on the market today is so refreshing to rediscover a classic like `` Sacre '' by Caron . It is the perfect scent for Fall . It is warm and spicy ; fresh and crisp . Love it and received it very quickly from Amazon .
 I contacted these people and they were so helpful ... there was actually a person on the other end of the telephone ! Their products are fairly priced , ship quickly and they are well packaged , so you do n't have to worry about breakage . I will be a repeat customer !
 Wow ! I am amazed that such an affordable perfume could smell so fantastic ! It really does mimic -LRB- and quite nicely , too -RRB- , Opium perfume . Opium is very expensive , so this really is a wonderful product . I like this so much -LRB- and so does my husband -RRB- , that I 'm going to buy two more bottles at this price to have it in the house so I wo n't run out . Great , super scented perfume .
 I THINK THIS is a lovely sexy fragrance at a great price ! imported from France and is not easy to find in the local market . Thrilled to buy it from Amazon ... highly recommend ... great scent , sexy & vibrant smell without being overbearing . . good price for `` french perfume '' -LRB- toilette but you know what i mean -RRB- . . YAY !!!
 Caf&eacute; is an oriental , that 's for sure . Lime & spices on top , followed by a bit of jasmine , I most certain . It 's just a tad sweet , but not in a 2000s like of way . I easily get whiffs of vanilla & cinnamon . The drydown is spicy & dry imo.For a fragrance called Caf&eacute; packaged in a box decorated with golden coffee beans outside & darker coffee beans inside , I was expecting more coffee . It 's not a listed note but coffee is in there , and every once & awhile I pick up a whiff of the brew.Caf&eacute; is different enough to get noticed among a bevy of syrupy sweet gourmands . However , Caf&eacute; is not particularly unique or special if classified as a spicy oriental . For a 30-year-old fume , Caf&eacute; seems timeless to me and darn cheap too . It 's better than a number of discounted fumes that are being offered at higher prices.I like it , I really do . Sadly , it 's headache-inducing for me . Suspected culprit
 100 % RECOMENDABLE , EL PRODUCTO EN BUEN ESTADO , LO RECOMIENDO 100 % RECOMENDABLE , EL PRODUCTO EN BUEN ESTADO , LO RECOMIENDO , GRACIAS GRACIAS
 The one time I tried a sample spray of Instyle Impressions version of Opium , I noticed that it smelled like scented candles on me . This fragrance is a long-lasting oriental scent that also has the scented-candle effect on the dry down . It 's sweet and spicy , and I like it .
 I 'm so happy I found this parfum for My Mom for her Christmas present . She loves the fragance . It was dellivered right on time ! Thank you
 Everything they said it would be . Attractive and well made with just the right amount of light . Very good quality for such a large magnification area . I would replace with one of the same if something happened to damage it .
 I absolutely love this stuff ! I have been wearing it every day now since the first day I tried it . It has a high pigment content that really pops on the eyes , versus your usual powder . And since it 's a liquid , there is no powdery mess to deal with ... the applicator is right there , like a lip gloss . It is long-lasting -LRB- all day long , really ! -RRB- yet easy to take off with makeup remover . It hardly creases at all . Yet , it is still easy to smudge/blend the edges . I highly recommend this product , it 's the best & most fun eye color I have ever used .
 I want Revlon to bring them back ! Goes on so smooth and easy , lasts all day long even on my old tired eyes !
 I love this eyeshadow ... It 's soo easy to use . I normally stay away from eyeshadow all together because I hate dealing with powder consistancy and its messiness ... . I use it more as an eyeliner ... I have it in gold digger and it really brings your eyes out a lot . . It 's very natural looking and that 's what I love most . I love natural eyes ... You can wear it in the day time . . Not overly dramatic but definately noticeable I guess depending how you put it on . . It 's highly pigmented so a little goes a long way . . This is the first eyeshadow I 've actually used more than once . I love it . When you buy it you will not be disappointed . I plan on buying this in all colors
 being middle eastern I have a difficult time finding non messy eye shadow because my eyes are smaller and I blink and the powder stuff is all over the place . It 's also very difficult to find something that makes my small eyes pop.I picked this stuff up once and I was elated ! The results were everything I wanted ! Went on easy , no mess , and a dazzling metallic shine . I love this product and i am so sad they do not sell it anymore ! REVLON PLEASE SELL THIS AGAIN !!!!!
 I love these shadows -- they are so glamorous looking . They do make your eyes look like the ads -- you just need to shake until everything is mixed . I own all the colors . The Gold Digger is a natural gold shimmer that looks good for day . All the colors are really pretty . They last all day too .
 I was searching for a good gold color and so far I 'm pretty pleased with it . For me , it lasts for quite a few hours . I do n't think you 'll be disappointed with it , I 'm not . : - -RRB-
 this product is great for under base of powder eye shadow . It stays on forever . To bad it is a limited edition .
 My choice back in the 50 's was Shalimar . But since 1980 I found Ivoire De Balmain Spray and now it is my favorite cologne . I get alot of compliments when I wear this fragrance and I am pleased that people let me know they like it also .
 Found it here for my mom , who is marvelously grateful :--RRB- . Great fragrance !! Why do they discontinue stuff , anyway ? If it ai n't broke , do n't fix it ...
 I really appreciate Cosmetic Solutions !! The product arrived exactly on the estimated time , besides that , it was nearly Christmas.Thank you so much and I 'm really happy about my purchase.Guilherme Pereira - Brazil
 This mirror is a wonderful therapy tool . It is very sturdy and durable mirror with great reflection and is easy to clean .
 After not cleaning my ears for 30 + years -LRB- I 'm ear shy -RRB- , I could n't hear out of my right ear . So I decided to use Murine Ear Wax Removal System . First night I used it , nothing but Murine came out of my ear . I was pretty disappointed . The next morning I used it and it made my stuffed ear worse ! Then I used it again at night . Why the hell not ? I put the drops in my ear and waited 10 minutes like I did other times . But this time , when I went to flush it out , little bits of wax came out initially . And then bigger and bigger pieces . It was pretty gross but I could hear out of my right ear again ! This product works , but you have to be patient with it . It takes some time for I guess the drops to penetrate your ear wax enough to remove it.Also , the flushing process made me pretty dizzy even though I used body temperature water . So I would do it with someone else around in case you do pass out .
 I had ear wax buildup and occasional hearing loss for many years . Water would sometimes get trapped in my ears , and it was n't until some web searching that I realized the water was probably getting past the wax plugs in my ears , then sitting there and blocking my hearing . Pretty yucky . I bought this kit in lieu of a professional removal procedure at the doctor 's office , and am glad I did . The special drops of murine probably made less of a difference than simple repetitive flushing with warm water using the small rubber bulb that comes with the kit.What worked best for me was using a couple bulbs full of warm water on each ear as I began my shower , resulting in water getting trapped in my inner ear behind the wax . I could hardly hear a thing due to all the trapped water -- which was as expected , the same effect as going swimming , etc. . I proceeded with my shower as normal , while the trapped water softened up the wax in my ears . After a few minutes , having finished bathing , I stayed in the shower and started in with the bulbs of warm water again in each ear . After emptying a few bulbs in the right ear , I felt the trapped water rushing out and I could suddenly hear better than I had in decades . Applied the same approach to the other ear with same effect . Looked down on the shower floor to see a few dark chunks of wax . Disgusting sight , but worth it for the final results - clear ear canals !
 If you are tired of spending $ 100 + per visit to have an ear doctor dig out your wax every few months , this kit will do the job for a lot less . This is an aggressive solution with a powerful bulb , so it is wise to use gently and cautiously with water of the proper temperature.Overall a great product and a lot safer than poking your ear canal with long , sharp objects , not seeing what you 're doing .
 During my physical exam , a nurse told me my left ear was completely blocked with wax . She recommend Murine 's . I was skeptical at first and researched on the Internet and found that hydrogen peroxide 3 % was recommended along with warm water , so I tried that for two days , but nothing came out . I found Murine 's at the grocery store for $ 5 and decided to give it a try since it was so cheap and was recommended by a nurse.One surprise when I opened the package was a nice bulb for squirting water in the ear . That was a tool I did not have and I felt like $ 5 was a very reasonable price for it . Sure , the carbamide peroxide is more or less the same as hydrogen peroxide , but at least it comes in a handy applicator already mixed with alcohol and oil , and the squirt-bulb is worth $ 5 all by itself.For the first 48 hours of use , I felt frustrated because I would use the drops and follow up later with the bulb and warm water used in a gentle manner , but nothing would come out except Murine 's and sometimes not even that . Also , I did feel ear pain on occasion , I think because I was using too much of the Murine 's solution and the peroxide was hitting my nerve in the inner ear . Ouch . However my ear pain was NOT severe unlike some reviewers here , who probably used even more than I did . Do not use more than 5 to 10 drops at a time , as per the directions . There is a reason they provide a recommended dosage . Your ear canal has a nerve at the end of it , and that nerve is sensitive . It is best to have a friend or spouse measure the drops rather than do it yourself and guess . But if you do guess then I suggest being very conservative with the amount . Better too little than too much.The breakthrough finally came when I read the reviews here on Amazon and picked up on the fact that actually , the warm water was key , and you need to really squirt that bulb with as much force as you can muster . No gentle squirt , I mean a hard squirt , as fast as you possibly can . However do *** NOT *** push the bulb point inside the ear canal , as that could cause permanent loss of hearing ! Also you must not block the canal while squirting as this will cause too much pressure to build up in your canal . This system is not for everyone as it requires common sense . You could damage your hearing if you do not follow the directions or use the device in a reckless manner.Once I realized the warm water was key , I repeated about 12x the rapid squirt of warm water inside my ear canal . After the twelfth squirt , I finally dislodged a red , brown , yellow and orange chunk of ear wax that fell into the sink along with all the water . I picked it up and it was very greasy , having been softened up by Murine 's . So you see why they recommend using the drops , to loosen the wax up for easier extraction . Immediately my ear felt lighter and better and I could hear better . I followed up with more applications to thoroughly wash the ear canal , since I had been putting all kinds of junk in there -- hydrogen peroxide , baking soda , salt , vinegar and Murine 's . I washed the canal with about 5 more squirts just to get all of that garbage out , but little or no wax followed that one big chunk . Apparently it was just a big chunk obstructing my canal . That was why it was so difficult to remove.Just follow the directions with Murine 's but also follow my directions . Remember when you squirt the warm water , do n't insert the applicator too deeply and do n't block the canal either , but leave a big space for the water to escape . Tilt your head facing the sink so that the water will run out . Your ear wax should already be soaked with Murine 's , making the chunk nice and soft and gooey . The purpose of the water is to physically dislodge the chunk and provide a running stream to lubricate the chunk 's passage out of your ear . Do n't be gentle squirting . Squirt it like you mean business.Oh , one more thing
 It all started one afternoon after I got out of the shower . I reached for the ever so handy , storied , `` you should n't use q-tips '' and stuck one in my left ear and instantly , I could barely hear anything . The worst part is , I barely stuck it in my ear at all -LRB- I 've dug deeper before -RRB- . I thought maybe I just pushed some water deep into my ear or something at first so I went to lie down on the affected ear for a while with no improvement . I was searching home remedies , I first tried hydrogen peroxide , next I went to heated to slightly above room temperature olive oil , neither were effective at clearing my ear . I sort of grew accustomed to the loss and dealt with it over the course of the next day and a half , hoping that it would clear up on it 's own . When I took my next shower things took a turn for the worse and I lost even more hearing when some water ran off my head during shampooing , into my ear . At this point I could barely hear anything at all , it threw me off balance and I begun to feel a sense of vertigo . I started to panic and rushed for the peroxide again , sticking q-tips in my ear and trying desperately to clean/clear up the problem . I figured it had to have been lodged ear wax since my ear was popping and crackling when I was trying to flush it out and my hearing would return slightly for a second or two only to pop again and I would lose the gain in hearing shortly after . I got so desperate that I even took my Ridgid shop vac to my ear with the fitting duct taped off with a straw wedge in the hose to see if I could n't suck anything out . I highly advise you do not try this , ever !! It did n't work anyway.Finally , after toying around for a bit I got some of my hearing to return and felt it was acceptable again . I woke up the next morning only to find my hearing again was all but gone and said enough was enough . -LRB- I ordered this product 2 day shipping , the night before -RRB- , as I was desperate for a solution without having to see a doctor -LRB- I do n't have health insurance -RRB- . I could n't bare it any longer and jumped in my car and drove to the nearest drug store and picked up a bottle . First , I put the drops in my ear for about 5 minutes , I could hear the crackling just as I did with the hydrogen peroxide -LRB- the active ingredient in this product is also peroxide but not hydrogen it 's carbamine . I begun flushing my ear with the bulb full of water and yielded no result . Although , I did see little bits of wax coming out while flushing . I figured I 'd wait for morning and repeat but at this point I had already dealt with it for 4 days as it was so I put 10 drops in my ear again , this time for 10 minutes.Again , I went to flush out the drops with the bulb and was getting nowhere , fast . That was actually until I read another reviewers review saying to make sure to stick with it and make sure you SQUEEZE THE BULB HARD AND FAST WITH YOUR EFFECTED EAR POINTING DOWN , so it can drain . I was so desperate that I stuck it half way up my ear canal it felt like and gave it a few blasts and FINALLY after 4 days of hell a chunk of ear wax came out the size of a pea . Immediately I could hear again . This was at 3:30 am ... I felt like a little kid , I ran in my bedroom and woke my wife up and shouted HONEY , I CAN HEAR , and proudly displayed what the product had removed from my ear canal , of course . After my wife nearly vomited I decided that this product deserved a 5 star review so at this point here I am , I can HEAR again!I will never stick a q-tip in my ear again . It 's not worth the scare . Like anything that goes wrong with you , you start thinking thoughts of `` OMG , is this permanent ? '' Nope , it was n't . Do yourself a favor if you have a similar problem and get this product ASAP ! Make sure you get the bulb kit though because without it the drops only break up the wax a bit not remove it .
 I 've noticed pressure in my right ear for several months , and I finally decided to deal with it . -LRB- I know what ear-wax feels like -RRB- So , I bought this `` system '' because it less expensive than other earwax removal systems , and because I started using my other ear syringe with the fish tank and needed a new one anyway.Well , I put in the oil before bed time and blasted a huge hunk of wax out of my right ear late next morning . Problem solved .
 I had been an avid user of que-tip brand ear cleaning cotton tools and have never had a problem before until several months ago . For a week I went around with a partial hearing loss in my right ear . After some research I began to think I had wax build up.I went with this product in all honesty because it was one of the cheaper one available , but I have to say it does the trick . The box arrived on a thursday and after daily use by monday my hearing was even better than before ! I now use the product usually two to three times a month sense and have not had any more problems.I do recommend using warm water although , I too have proven that cold water can lead to shock and possible vomiting .
 Last year I accidentally completely blocked up my ear by using a Q-tip ; I had to go to an Ear , Nose , Throat doctor so she could suction it all out , and it ended up costing me over $ 100 . Since I 'm prone to wax build up , she told me to look for ear wax removal systems in the drugstores and use that to avoid the same situation . So I picked this up when I felt the build-up again , and it works ! The worst thing is the package directions are vague -- you 're supposed to keep drops in `` for several minutes '' and while there 's a picture of someone using the ear washer bulb , it 's not mentioned in the directions . I came on here and figured out what to do from reviews.I put five drops into one ear , keeping my head tilted for about 7 or so minutes to keep it in . I used the ear washer in the shower ; filled the bulb with warm water , tilted my head in the opposite direction -LRB- to make it easy for everything to come out , pulled down on my earlobe and stuck in the bulb as far as it could go -LRB- be careful not to go too far , you can hit/hurt your drum -RRB- . Then let the water rip . Nothing happened on the first wash , but on the second , I looked down and there was a big plug of ear wax that had fallen out ! I rinsed a couple more times to get out anything else left in there . For the other ear , I did the rinsing over the sink . Again , about 7-9 minutes with the head tilted to keep the drops in the ear , then head tilted the other way to use the washer . A bit of was fell out on the first spray ; on the second spray , when I stuck the bulb in I actually stuck it into a plug that was falling out , so it may not be necessary to stick it in so far , or maybe you can just wait a little bit longer between warm water washes . Again , I got lots of wax out , and this time I 'm not stuck with a $ 100 + bill .
 At first I did n't think this product was going to work . I also was n't sure how long to leave the drops in my ear before flushing with water with the soft bulb washer . No clear instructions are given on the packaging . I experimented a little and flushed repeatedly with the washer as , even though nothing appeared to be happening , it was very soothing for my ear -LRB- warm water works best I think -RRB- . The washer is a definite plus rather than just ear-drops on their own . I started with the product late on Tuesday and by mid morning Thursday managed to flush the offending wax out of my ear -LRB- would n't have happened with ear drops alone -RRB- . Saved me a visit to the doctor and I would definitely use this product again if necessary .
 It is what it is . Could not get this for the same price locally ! Works . No issues or problems . Good value
 Had a stubborn blockage that just would n't clear . Used this as directed , and it worked first time . I like the bulb applicator - I use this once every month or two with plain warm water , do n't really need the Murine liquid for normal use .
 My left ear has been ringing for weeks , i could hardly hear in it and after 4 days of using this product -LRB- once a day following the instructions -RRB- i now have my hearing back . I kept the drops in my ear about half an hour -LRB- or less -RRB- then flushed with warm water -LRB- warm not hot -RRB- and on the forth day after starting , kaboom !! Out came this big lump of wax ... Thank you AmericanWholesale for this solution
 I bought this recently for my husband to use . He has n't used it as yet . I trust the name Murine . After searching several ear wax removal products I found this item to be the the safest & most useful product for use .
 This Medicine is a good product , but is necesary to have a syringe for a good cleaning of ear . and ever you must to have a doctor recomendation .
 My right ear was in bad shape . I could barley hear . I put about 10 drops of murine ear inside and let it sit for about 15 minutes . Then I flooded my ear with a half and half mixture of hydrogen peroxide and warm water . I then used a q-tip to dig out the problem . Now I hear great !
 It happens to the best of us , we wake up one day and we can not hear out of one ear . You pop them , get in the shower and try to rinse , and then you go to work and you can not have a conversation without leaning in like an 80 year old and going `` eh ? speak into my good ear youngin ! '' It wipes out your balance , youre walking down the hallway leaning a bit , reaching out for a wall to equalize ... and its darn uncomfortable.The cause ? Wax buildup . Maybe youre using Q-tips too deep -LRB- that was me -RRB- maybe you are just a waxy person ... regardless of why it happens ... there is a solution.Murine Ear Wax Removal system . Carbamide Peroxide drops , which is an oxidizer . It emulsifies the wax . Its not hydrogen peroxide , its a Urea Peroxide compound . You put a few drops in the ear thats bothering you . It might foam a bit -LRB- I didnt see this happen but then again i wasnt at that vantage point -RRB- I waited 5-7 minutes then used the bulb that came with it . IMPORTANT ... NEVER Ever flush out your ears with too cold of water or too hot , it will make you so dizzy and its so bad for your eardrums . Use body temperature water only.When flushing your ear out , remember that your ear canal is at an angle , and to flush at that angle . After a few flushes , out came a Jupiter sized clomp of wax , I mean I could have taken up a business making candles ... gross.I did the other ear for good measure , and less wax was present but still was good to be pro active.LOVE this product , but alway take caution when self diagnosing . If you have an ear infection , and that is the cause of your pain , or loss of hearing , then these drops wont do a darn thing and your symptoms will get worse . Go see a doctor if for more than 2 days you are uncomfortable and flushing with Murine isnt helping .
 My significant other stores , so I have to sleep with ear plugs every night . I noticed that my ears itch significantly less when I use Murine ear wax removal every 6 months or so . I put a couple of drops in each ear , then watch TV for about 10 minutes with my head bent to the side , then wash each ear out of provided syringe ball . I fill white bowl of water with warm water and wash my ear over it , letting my ears drain into the bowl . This allows me to see what is being washed out . It tells me how well the system is cleaning my ears.The system works well , my ears clear from wax and water easily . My hearing is more clear after the washing , and the ear canals do n't each even with daily use of the ear plugs . I recommend it!Ali Julia review
 This product was great . It helped clear so much stuff out of my ears , although it was a little uncomfortable holding my head to the side for so long . It really works .
 I can verify this Murine product does what it says - but it may take a couple of tries -LRB- meaning at least one full day of scheduled using -RRB- . Because the package instruction notes are fairly spare -LRB- but what 's there IS accurate and should be followed -RRB- ; a couple of highlights already helpfully noted by others here : -LRB- 1 -RRB- It may take a day or two of trial/using to soften the major earwax to the point of it plopping out - you 'll be fairly amazed at the size of what will eventually come out . The murine solution is filmy , which is a good choice because it apparently takes a while to soak in the hard earwax -LRB- you 'll see - the earwax is really pretty hard-shelled -RRB- , And let the solution soak down into the ear for at least 15 minutes before flushing -LRB- not just a few minutes as per the instructions -RRB- . -LRB- 2 -RRB- The excellent provided blue eye-dropper bulb should be used with pleasantly warm water -LRB- not cold - that seems to thicken the filmy Murine solution and harden the earwax , and definately not hot water . My ear immediately told me about that mistake ! -RRB- -LRB- 3 -RRB- It 's essential to flush with the blue bulb/warm water in an `` ear-downward '' position -LRB- ear to the sink -RRB- , NOT TOO FAR IN THE EAR CANAL . Leave enough room for the water and wax pieces to flush back out . Make sure the bulb is full of water and firm , steady pressure flow of the warm water in the ear canal is the key -LRB- yes , generally an undamaged eardrum can take the moderate water pressure -RRB- . -LRB- 4 -RRB- It may take 4 or 5 or 6 uses with the bulb to flush all the crap out . Believe me , I was stunned as I watched it all , with each rinsing . I picked up one individual kernal -LRB- 4th flush -RRB- the size of a granulated pea , and cursed at it . But I was so relieved at almost instantly having my ear pressure back and my basic hearing almost miraculously restored ; I could only really be grateful.I would certainly try this product before anything else . Almost anything else involves serious probing and poking and probable worse impacting -LRB- I 've learned doctors are some of the worse with this ! -RRB- and heavier water pressure than the Murine bulb supplies may very well threaten the eardrum itself , though water pressure is essential to remove the crusted-on earwax . I think Murine 's got it just about right .
 You need to be a bit patient but you can get results . I had noticed some blockage in my left ear and ordered this product . I have a pool and spend a lot of time in the water so I am used to getting ear infections and I can tell the difference between some blockage and an actual infection requiring a trip to my doctor.Put it in there and kept my head sideways and you can hear this stuff `` crackling '' in there . After maybe 5 minutes I used the bulb to flush a 50 % warm water and 50 % hydrogen perioxide solution in there . I probably flushed four or five times . A little bit of nasty stuff came out but not much . Later that night my blockage was worse . So I tried again the next day , same process , maybe left it in there a bit longer , and this time a surprisingly large chunk of nasty stuff , I guess softened wax ? , came out and I have been clear as bell for weeks now .
 It did the job successfully , to my utter delight . I had to be persistent and patient , though . Four attempts culminated in crystal clear hearing . My dilemma was possibly amongst the nastiest & most resistant ; if it managed to liberate my bastard of a blockage , it can absolutely aid anybody else on the bloody planet . So damn happy to finally hear in stereo again !!!
 I used this three times . Almost no wax came out.But I think my ear pain is sinus-related not wax-related . I am slightly deaf in one ear.But this did not help .
 Last time I had ear wax and could not hear , I went to the EMO and they used drops followed by a quite painful water spray to clear the wax . I then had an infection in both ears so they gave me meds to clear that.Either way , I did not want to go through that painful process again and so I got this product to help from getting to that point again . The drops should be held in your hand for a few minutes so they are not cold entering your ear . After 5-8 minutes , use the bulb with body temp water to flush the ear and do n't fear to add a bit of pressure here as the EMO used quite a bit of force with their water bottle sprayer .
 It really works . Be patient , for me it took three treatments and then all the goo came out . What a relief , sigh !
 Putting a gold shimmer in this blush is a brilliant idea . It already has me addicted , now I want all the makeup I buy to have a gold shimmer . I just wish there were more color options and that the gold was slightly more noticeable . Merlot is the best shade but apply lightly , it 's quite dark .
 This is a gorgeous blush -- very natural looking rose with gold highlights . Apply with a brush for a natural look . I also have the Merlot at Midnight color which is my favorite . The Merlot might look very dark for lighter skins if you apply with a heavy hand , but if you blend very well and dust over with powder , it will give you a healthy glow . If you have darker skin , the Merlot will look gorgeous . The gold really highlights your cheekbones while the color creates depth . I love this so much I have it in three different colors .
 This is my favorite blush . I love the color , It 's long lasting , and goes on smooth . And it lasts a LONG time . I had my previous one for a year or better . Highly recommend .
 I tend to be pretty fair , and I need blush to make me look alive . Lighter blushes tend to not really do the trick . This blush is awesome . It makes my cheeks come alive and brightens my whole face . The gold is a beautiful touch . I have had this blush for a while , and was so relieved to find it on Amazon , as it is discontinued . Buy it and you wo n't be disappointed !
 This is an awesome shade for anyone who is brown skinned or has red undertones in your skin . This is the only blush I use ... too bad it 's discontinued .
 The color berry daring is very pigmented , buildable and shows up on the skin easily . I wear MAC NC42 and even a little bit of this shows up beautifully . Compliments my yellow undertone perfectly . It also gives fair skin a nice flushed look . Excellent blush if you like to contour with color !! A great year round blush that applies easily . Apply lightly at first-a little goes a long way.Great for women-fair to dark - who have trouble finding a nice blush color to match your undertone .
 this blush is amazin ! u could use it day or night as desired i love it
 oki dont really believe in heaven but if it existed it would smell like this
 this stuff smells soooooooo good ! I tried it at my local co-op the other day , and had to go back to try on some more . It is definately on my list of things to buy when I have some money . UPDATE - got some money , had to buy it , still smells great , now smells great on me : -RRB-
 I originally bought this solid perfume at Whole Foods , but since they no longer carry it , I searched for it at Amazon and there it was - the exact same brand . so i bought my second Ambrosia solid perfume and am very happy . what i love about these perfumes is the container , a very pretty stone-like case that is beautifully carved . Will definitely buy from this vendor again !
 I found this stuff in high school and have been hooked ever since . It 's my favorite smell and I love the container it comes in . My only complaint is if you buy it straight thru Auric Blends you have to buy a certain amount 's worth of product to make an order , that is why I order it thru Amazon so if I want only one I can get it .
 beautiful package , beautiful fragrance , great service , would definetely purchase again . Fantastic texture , really smooth and fragrance lasts the whole day
 While I still prefer liquid perfume , this Sandalwood balm smells too good to pass up . It comes in a carved , stone container , which is pretty neat . The scent itself is pleasant , though does not last very long , and can really only be applied to skin since it is a balm and not a spray . It is convenient to carry in your purse , and you do not have to worry about breakage or spills .
 I read a review that said there was n't much scent . That person needs their nose checked . I actually put it on with a Q-tip because once I get it on my fingers I ca n't wash the smell off . I have allergies to a lot of scents . As long as I keep this one off my fingers , I 'm okay with it .
 Solid perfume is great . You think its not powerful enough but give it a few minutes to melt into your skin and its quite powerful . Last a good 4 hours and after 8 hours you can still smell it if close . A tiny bit goes a long way!Soap stone holder should have had a screw lid on it . I does n't . If you stick it in your pocket it will open up and you will end up with a lot of wasted product . It is only good for a desk or some other flat surface . Kind of ugly too .
 I think it smells good and so does my boyfriend . My sister told me it smells like lemon and babies ... . Not sure how to take that . It smells differently to different people I guess . It was cheap and different I do feel the scent fades too quickly .
 Ordered two each , of this item , and of the amber scent as gifts for the daughter and my sister . The amber arrived first , and it was heavenly upon opening , -LRB- can not be giving a funky smelling gift ! -RRB- . The Eastern Sandlewood was a little soapy smelling , and I was worried . I applied the lightest touch to my wrist , and waited ... the transformation was extraordinary . No more soapy , floral - all warmth and a rich spiciness that lasted and lasted!Beautiful carved container as well , that would be lovely on your dresser , or handy to keep in a purse.I may just have to buy some for myself : -RRB-
 The scent is very nice ! I would recommend this for people who enjoy natural , earth scents . My only disappointment is that the item is n't threaded , so the top just sits on the bottom ... I have almost dropped the bottom part by picking up by the top . Other than that I really like this product .
 scoop a little out and rub it on your wrists and you are transported to a smokey room with turkish delight and silk robes . I love this perfume and always have it on hand . Try it , you will like it .
 The product was delivered in a few days from purchase and was boxed in original packaging with a safety seal around the container for security . The stone holder is really nice , I 'll probably keep it for decoration or other uses and the perfume solid was fresh , though I would describe the smell more like &#34; clean powder &#34; or baby powder than anything smokey or exotic . It is n't a screw on top so you ca n't really travel with it , but , for the money , I think its a decent buy .
 I am addicted to this product . Heals all dry , chapped , and irritated skin without being greasy ! Would recommend this for anyone with dry skin !
 As a former makeup artist for 6 yrs with major companies and learning skin care like I have , I do have to say this stuff is INCREDIBLE ! If you love Creme De La Mer , but do n't want to pay the price . . this is your savior ! AMAZING !!! I would have paid more for this amazing product !
 I have always had very dry skin , I have tried all kinds of hand cream . This is by far the best
 I started using this product at my sister 's and now have purchased my own . Occasionally , I have very rough , chapped hands and this lotion softens my hands immediately !!
 If you like floral colognes , this is one of the best I have ever used ! You get compliments wearing it !
 Smells pleasant and hair is soft after washing . Recommend for dry hair that needs moisture and control . Hair feels very soft and smooth after washing .
 I have a Sony SPP-M932 900 MHz cordless phone whose battery would n't even last through a phone call to my sister . I looked around for replacement batteries and came upon this GE that said it would fit my phone , so I purchased it . It is a little smaller than the battery that it replaced -LRB- the original -RRB- , but not too small to be a problem of matching up the terminals -LRB- they were perfect -RRB- . Let it charge up overnight and voil&agrave; , good as new . No glitches since .
 The delicate fragrance of the Kneipp Almond Blossom Bath is very comforting . The oil can be used in the bath , in a footbath or even just in a sink of warm water to soothe your hands . Perfect for pedicure/manicure applications and a tablespoon added to a bath creates a nurturing fragrant escape . The orange oil is energizing and you might enjoy this for steam facials . I put this in my SpaMist unit and have been enjoying the warmth of the fragrance that is somewhat reminiscent of a walk out in nature where wild honey almond flowers blossom . ~ The Rebecca Review
 Everywhere I go people ask me what perfume I 'm wearing . I never tell . It 's such a great fragrance and I love the fact that it is so affordable . My friends are spending 100 + dollars on perfumes at the mall and most ca n't compete with Mambo . Best part ? Received it in less than a week ! Thanks . I will be buying from you again !
 I have had an item similar to this for years and always hoped that mine did n't dissappear because I never saw another like it . I still have n't , but this is the closest I have seen . It 's just a bit shorter and the `` spikes '' are too , but good enough ! Great find !
 It 's very gentle , it has no scent , I remove my eye makeup with it as well and it does n't irritate my eyes .
 I have acne due to sensitive skin -- not oily skin , like most people . I 've tried lots of different cleansers and 90 % of them cause me to break-out . Since starting the Ultracalming cleanser 18 months ago , my break-outs have stopped almost entirely . I 'm sold on this product , though I had to create a space in my budget for it.This is a non-foaming cream cleanser , and at first I doubted if was actually cleaning my skin ; but after 3 weeks , I could n't find any black dots on my nose or chin.I use this along with the Daily Microexfoliant , the regular toner -LRB- not the soothing protection toner -RRB- , and the Active Moist moisturizer . My skin looks better than ever .
 I love this cleanser . It 's very gentle and easy to rinse off . Plus , I have very sensitive skin so it does the job without worrying about break outs . I think it 's a good value too - I recommend it !
 I was looking around for a good cleanser that would not irritate my rosacea prone skin . I have used this product after Laser treatments and it is very gentle . I do n't get any of the drying effects that I would get using other products . I recommend this product for people with sensitive skin .
 I rarely leave reviews but I just had to write one for this . I have been a loyal user of Philosophy products for years . I have used almost everything from cheap stuff to really expensive stuff . I have EXTREMELY sensitive skin . I break out easily , I have oily skin , and here recently I have developed some strange dry patch underneath my left eye . My skin has been breaking out really bad lately -LRB- I 'm 34 -RRB- but did not think too much of it because that happens when I am stressed . I ordered this product based on the reviews and a suggestion from a friend . I could tell a different with the first use . My face was baby soft ! Within 3 days my breakouts were gone and the scaly , dry patch was gone too . It is strange putting this on without water but it feels nice . You have to rub it in well like the directions say . It did a great job of removing my makeup too . I use DermaBlend makeup which is REALLY concentrated . I definitely recommend the ultracalming line . I am going to purchase the rest of the line .
 This cleanser is great for normal cleansing and is really good for removing stubborn makeup . I use it in conjunction with the cleansing oil by Dermalogica . Sometimes , I do n't need the oil and the cleanser is enough . Fantastic products !
 Great product and much cheaper than at Skin Care centers . Product lasts a long time and is very good for delicate or problem skin .
 This cleanser is the best for sensitive skin . Although I wish it removed makeup better , if you have sensitive skin , then this is a must especially in winter .
 I am a big Dermalogica fan.And a regular user of the Ultracalming cleanser . This cleanser is lightweight , gentle and unscented which I love.The prices on Amazon for Dermalogica is great , especially when you combine it with the Super-saver shipping .
 I love this cologne , most of all my girlfriend loves when I wear it . Excellent smell that lasts most of the day . Amazon has the cheapest price around , I will buy here again and again .
 wowwwww this cologne is just amazing , i have already gotten a couple of compliments about this cologne from random people at work and just walking around , this is quite a nice smell that is not too powerful and not too weak , its just right and smells amazingcologne i own : Acqua Di GioYves Saint Laurant L'hommeck free/oneLacoste PureAmerican Eagle RealGuess Seductive
 I am allergic to pretty much every perfume and cologne except Guess for Women . So when I saw Guess for Men , I decided to give it a shot , and as I suspected , I am not allergic to Guess for Men either . Smell is subtle , but potent . Good product !
 Great smelling citrus top notes get compliments throughout it 's average longevity and projection . Great as a work scent , subtle citrus from beginning to end . A little synthetic smelling but very tolerable , surprised me coming from a lower end designer scent . Does n't get many compliments due to its average projection and over-spraying just creates a cloying mess .
 About several years ago , my dad received this cologne as a gift , from a close friend of his . My father is n't a huge fan of colognes so he gave it to me . Prior to this product I had no experience with Guess colognes , let alone Guess in general . I did not know what to expect , but I tried it anyways . This cologne smells wonderful , and has a strong , dominant scent . I am usually not a fan of strong scents but my girlfriend loves it so hey , now I must wear it . Even though I do not prefer this cologne much because of how strong it is , I do however receive tons of compliments on it . So to the average person , the scent of this cologne is very appealing . The duration of this cologne is kind of unbelievable . Sometimes my girlfriend wears my shirts/sweaters , and she usually calls me 2-3 days later informing me that my clothes still smell like this cologne . In retail stores this product goes for about $ 35-40 dollars , so if your on the edge of deciding wether to get this product or not , I say go for it because the price on Amazon is very cheap and it is a very good cologne.Hopefully I helped ! let me know if you have any questions or comments . Thanks for reading !
 well I bought this item as a gift for my brother , I asked him about the perfum and he told me he loved it and I believe what he said I know when my bother lies .
 Excellent mild smell and its stays long around for a day . I got this from Amazon on a cheaper price .
 One of my favorite colognes , but for my wife , it 's her absolute favorite . Drives her crazy . It 's a fragrance that is n't overpowering , yet can stand out within a crowd . Amazon 's price is a little more than half off of what Macy will charge her .
 The only problem that I found with this product was that it does not stay very long . The scent goes away after some hours ! Other than that good ! Fast shipment
 to make this short i considered my self to be a cologne fanatic ca n't leave my house without wearing cologne currently i haveescape , lanvin , nautica island voyage , lagerfeld , salvatore ferragamo , lacoste pour homme , z zegna and chromme.guess is an exelent colognethat you 'll love .
 Muy buen producto y cero complicaciones para compras internacionalesExcelente colonia muy buena y el precio tambienExcellent product
 This is my second bottle , really like the smell and how its not over powering . All you need is one or two sprays and lasts all day . Ladies love it for real ! Got many compliments and so on lol . .
 I like this product from Guess v much , this is my 2nd bottle . Lasts till end of my work day .
 This product is amazingly good . A must buy for all perfume lovers . It has got very nice fragrance . I gifted this to my husband on Valentines Day and he just loved it : -RRB-
 $ 22 for 2.5 oz is a deal on most colognes . This is a quality scent that sticks with you reasonably well . The real selling point is that my girlfriend ca n't get enough of it .
 This is one of my top colognes . It was amazing how it mades women melt . I suggest this trust me any woman is going to fall in love with you if you have this on . Also try VS Very Sexy for men . But Guess really nailed it on this one !!!!
 I bought this cologne for my father for Christmas , and both he and my stepmother loved it ! It is a great scent , and you definitely ca n't beat the price !
 I found this bottle in Macy 's and other dept stores and it was more than 2 times more ... I was very impressed to get the bigger bottle for my husband and only spend 26 dollars total : -RRB-
 This scent has the perfect amount of balance in my opinion . Its fresh , but not so fresh that it smells like Axe spray . Its also got the perfect level of musk which is n't found often in colognes . This leaves you wanting more and more without being overpowering or having a foul or unfamiliar scent . This decisively masculine scent is a perfect balance between unique taste and refreshment . However balanced this scent is , it does n't last as long as I would like , but its cheap price almost makes up for that .
 A very , very pleasant smell . Strong but not overpowering !! I got a sample of this from a Guess store when I bought a watch . After that I had to get it . I can not say enough good things about this . It also lasts for quite a while . And for the price ! You can not pass this up . - LL 2008
 This stuff is one of the best smelling colognes that I have ever worn !!!! I am a new and forever more buyer of this cologne . . It was delivered ahead of time and well packaged . .
 excelente producto lo recomiendo como vendedor buenas tardes mercanc&iacute;a llego en el tiempo estimado y no presento ningun retrasosaludos
 I always find myself wearing this Cologne or Kenneth Cole 's Reaction . If you have the means , I would recommend doing so .
 I have the female version to this and it is absolutely delicious !! It has my co workers salivating over it lol , so I went out on a ledge thinking if the female version is great , then the male to it should be just as great ! I anticipate that he 's gon na love it . I have n't smelt or tried it out yet -LRB- yes i wear men 's perfume also -RRB- , but when he opens it and I get a whiff , I will definitely be back to update !! sLove , love , love this scent ! it 's so tart n fragrant ... my bf loves it also ...
 Both of us me and my husband , s favorite fragrance guess perfume , s are very very beautiful with sweet qnd beautiful smell .
 This is a great buy ! It smells absolutely wonderful . It is just the right size . It was just the right price too .
 This is my first time purchasing this online and I am very happy with it . This is not the easiest cologne to find .
 llego en perfectas condiciones y es excelente perfume , de muy buena calidad , ademas de economico , lo volveria a comprar si es necesario
 VERY GOOD NICE IS RECOMMENDED GUESS BY PARLUX FRAGRANCES FOR MEN EAU DE TOILETTE SPRAY 2.5 OZ NICE NICE NICE
 frangancia good , recognized brand , I buy a gift for my parents , I recommend them to all my family and friends .
 I have gotten this for my husband and it is wonderful !! It lasts all day with out him having to re-apply it .
 Got this cologne as a birthday gift from my girlfriend . Absolutely love it ! I have gotten several random remarks from people and I have only had it for less than a month . Nice citrus smell , make sure you spray it on your body . It mixes with your body oils and smells better !
 Good morning , regarding this product thoroughly recommend it because it is a very good perfume , the size is the same as shown on the page and original .
 Good deal ! I love this parfum , I always have it around me . I 've been using this parfum that is smell good and I got so many time compliment about this .
 I bought this perfume for my fiancee as a birthday gift and she loved it very much and rated it 9 out of 10 . I chose a one day shipping and it was super fast . she got within less than 24 hours.I would recommend this seller even though the shipment was from NY to CA and it was very fast
 This Chanel product is superb , reasonably well known , loved by the women I 'm around . Fortunately , I was able to purchase Allure Sensuelle by Chanel , Eau De Parfum Spray thru Amazon .
 Wonderful eau de parfum , not overpowering if using just one spray at a time.Feminine but not overly sweet , perfect for everyday use to work and , if wearing at night , an extra spray provides just the right glamour . I will certainly buy it again & again ...
 I loooooove this product . I have never received as many compliments as I receive when wearing this.Not overpowering , just sexual .
 i just love this nivea range of things.i recomend it to everyone because it really helps the skin for all your needs
 This product is quick and easy to use . It provides a nice , even color and shine .
 Nilang by Lalique for women , Now This is a beautiful perfume , A very charming , flirtatious feminine scent that is suitable for all ages , However I did find a better buy at Thefragrancefactory.com
 MAKES YOU FEEL LIKE A MILLIONS DOLLARS - Has been my go to scent for 20 years . You feel like 9 decades of glamorous , sophisticated , sensuous movie stars all rolled into one lovely woman . In a word you feel beautiful . The scent is like no other . Sultry and elegant at once . You even feel like you look tremendous . Promotes a feeling of confidence . Go for it !
 I am African-American and I love just about all Paul Mitchell 's products . I have been using them for many years . I purchased this set just to try something different . My daughter who is in college absolutely fell in love after the first use . It gives our hair so much body and shine . These products are definitely a permanent part of my hair ritual .
 I have very fine , long , straight and pretty hair and this stuff works well for my oil ! Beautiful hair comes at a price and my price is oil . The big L advantage is great but I get tired with having so much of it . It did last me almost a whole year but I am a shampoo and conditioner obsessed person so it made it hard to have for so long .
 This shampoo saved my hair when my scalp was really dry . After one use , my hair was much softer and my scalp was no longer dry or itchy . I would highly recommend this .
 these are good quality ... very nice fragrance ... and you make your hair soft ... I recommend you get them ... I 'm satisfied about them ...
 I love Paul Mitchell products . This shampoo and conditioner smell so good and are so good for your hair ! I do find though , that this conditioner is a little too moisturizing for my fine hair . I only use it once every few days for moisturizing .
 This is the best smelling shampoo and conditioner that I can think of . My girlfriend has tried several other brands and this one just works best for her hair .
 all was great , product worked as expected and required . Price was good , planning on refilling when run out of pro
 I decided to give this a try after running out of my Pureology shampoo/conditioner . I 'm glad to say that I made a good decision . It smells wonderful , cleans well , and conditions beautifully . I use it on my daughter 's hair -LRB- she is 6 with super fine but thick hair -RRB- . She loves the smell and tangles are almost non-existent . I do n't get a &#34; scalp tingle &#34; like some people do but that does n't stop me from loving this stuff .
 I have been using Tea Tree products for @ 5 years . I bought them at my hairdresser . when she quit selling the product I bought thru Amazon . It is a quality shampoo that I really like .
 Body and a lovely scent that lasts all day ! I love the way my hair looks and feels after using this shampoo and conditioner .
 I have been thinking about cutting my long hair because my hair is constantly tangling . I used this product this morning for the first time and was amazed . I was skeptical about using only one pump , but it goes a long way . My hair had no tangles , was/is super soft , and the scent lasted all day . Love it !
 I love the Paul Mitchell products . I have used both the Lemon Sage and the Lavender Mint and love them both . I can wash my hair every day it is so gentle and smells great .
 This is a great deal for both shampoo and conditiner as far as price goesas far as the product it is great for keeping healthy hair .
 I really love this product . I purchased it twice from this seller and was surprized how fast it was shipped A + for satisfaction . Thankyou
 I have really loved this shampoo/conditioner combo ! My hair is now smooth and shiny , and smells great . In fact , I have ordered bottles in the 1 liter size for my extra guest bathrooms , too ! My only complaint is when the bottles get close to empty , it is hard to get that last little bit out .
 Good Price and fast delivery . The Shampoo and Conditioner went beyond my expectations they make my hair soft . Great product , Thank you .
 I have been using Biolage for awhile and wanted to try something new , being a huge fan of lavendar scented products i thought this might be right up my alley . Now i was wary of the word Moisturizing because i have very thick long hair and those type of shampoo 's tend to make my hair a little greasier than i would like . But i have never had that problem with this product . I use it everyday and i love the way it makes my hair smell and it keeps it shiny and soft.I have not had a problem with greasiness like the previous reviewer with thick hair did . I think i will try the plein tea tree shampoo and conditioner next just to see if it is as good as this product . But if you like lavendar scents and need a good moisturizing shampoo then this product is for you !! Also it does n't lather quite as much as some cheaper shampoo 's do like Suave and Pantene but that 's just because it doesnt have so many of the fillers and things cheaper products have . So do n't worry about it not getting your hair squeaky clean , it will it just does n't need all the extra bubbles to do it .
 I was having a really hard time with dry hair , and my stylist suggested using this product . I love it ! ! I will continue to buy this product !!!
 The packaging was perfect ! When I have ordered this product from other places in the past it has shown up with broken pumps , but this time they got it right and I have new pumps for the first time in 2 years !
 I normally do n't buy into the hype of purchasing shampoo and conditioner 's like this but after my hairdresser used this on me , I fell in love . Goodbye to my $ 2 bottles of fruity shampoo and conditioner 's ! Usually the cheaper shampoo/conditioners leave my hair feeling very oily and heavy by the end of the night -LRB- I shower in the morning -RRB- but this one kept my hair clean all day and night ! The scent of both is actually what drove me to finally buying this before I walked out of the place . They do n't smell overly floral but , in my opinion , does smell a bit more masculine than most might prefer . Personally , I hate smelling like a rose bush and loathe perfumes on or around me as well , so this was a welcome change.Word of advice , check your local beauty supply stores and even SuperCuts for this . You can actually go in and smell it before you buy it if you 're afraid of what some of the more negative reviewers have said about the scent . I paid $ 40 for the set but came here to see if amazon had it for less .
 Ok for years I never believed in spending more money on shampoo and conditioner the way I splurged.I have been using this since January of 2012 and absolutely love this product.I have very thick hair and also long . My husband has very curly hair and between the two of us we take 6 months to use the large bottles ; where with cheap shampoo it was about a month or two for the same bottle size.My hair - my hair has never felt better , much more managable . I hate to dry my hair so I let it dry naturally and this does n't friz or anything!LOVE LOVE LOVE , I will never go back to the cheapo depo stuff !
 The product itself is great , smells great , makes your hair light and clean . The seller charges about $ 20 less than the salons in our area . The conditioner pump top arrived cracked , a little bit oozing out , and unusable . Luckily , I just switched the pump from the bottle that just finished or I would have been sol . A little better packing next time , I hope .
 Unbelievable price for great oroducts . Great scent , not overbearing , completely satisfied . Purchased the lemon scent also . Highly recommend this product . Again , You wo n't find this product at any retail store for the price .
 I am definitely no expert on hair care products . I ca n't say this product is `` AMAZING , '' but I ca n't say I 'm dissatisfied with it.After a year 's use : What I did like about this product is that this is the first time . . I 've been able to leave my hair grown out good few inches below my bust line without seeing any split ends . Additionally , my hair has grown the fastest it 's ever grown ! I get a lot of comments on how fast my hair 's grown . I have no clue if there are any associations of the lack of split ends and fast growth with this shampoo and conditioner , but it 's the only difference between all the other years of retail shampoo and conditioner . It could be diet change , less stress etc , I have no clue.What I 'm NOT a fan of is that during the drier months , I do noticeably see more dandruff than usual . I have black hair , so it makes me self-conscious . It led me to alternate and even limit using the product to 2-3 times a week instead of everyday . I 'm not sure how much Tea Tree is put in these products , but I do recommend it for anyone who has really oily hair . My hair gets oily in about 2 days time , but it 's not noticeable.Overall , my hair does seem healthy -LRB- note
 LOVE this shampoo/conditioner duo . Came super packaged so the bottles were kept safe and the pump form is oober convenient . Smells great but not too overwhelming .
 I ordered this product because my hair was breaking . It 's great stuff ! It did arrive damaged but the vendor replaced it FAST and after using the shampoo and conditioner my hair is softer , stronger and smells wonderful ! I highly recommed to anyone who wants soft , fragrant hair .
 This shampoo and condition combo was introduced to me by a hairdresser . She ended up giving me a terrific discount on it , probably because she took one look at the terrible chop-job of a haircut I emerged with . Still , bad haircut aside , I 'm thankful to her for steering me in the direction of Paul Mitchell Tea Tree Lavender Mint shampoo and conditioner . It 's a definite winner!This product , though not cheap , does last a very long time , and did end up being cost-effective . You need only press the pump one time if you 're applying it to short or medium-length wet hair . I bought my bottles back in January of 2009 , and 9 months later , I 'm only now restocking . Since my college-aged daughter is back home for graduate school , I 'm sure I 'll be going through it much faster.Here 's the deal
 This is a great product ... if you tried it then you already know-here 's a tip . . SUPERCUTS always have the LARGE bottles on sale . For those who have not tried it yet-most chain Pharamcy stores sell the smaller bottles . You will feel the Minty Tingling fresh feeling of this shampoo working immediately - I 'm hooked and love this shampoo . Hope my tips helped !
 I was using store bought shampoo and my hair was dry and brittle , some even fell out.I used Paul Mitchell years ago so I thought I 'd try this -LRB- great price -RRB- . My hair feelsgreat , and I have alot of new growth . Smells good and my scalp feels great .
 I told my hairdresser that I was running low on shampoo & conditioner and I was a bit surprised when she handed me this shampoo & conditioner and not my usual products . She opened the bottle so I could smell it and I liked the smell , so I said I 'd try it.I have very thin , fine baby like hair and I have recently lost some of it from medications I had to take , so I get a bit worried and tend to guard the little bit of hair I have left . My hairdresser said it would n't hurt my hair or my scalp and said the tea tree oil would make my scalp very healthy.I tried it the next morning and I am thrilled . I love this shampoo & conditioner ! The smell is really nice and the way it makes my hair feel is great . My hair and scalp seem to stay cleaner because I do n't have to wash my hair every day now . My hair is shiny and smooth actually has some body & fullness to it now . I have been using it now for almost a month and I wo n't be going back to my old products.Amazing stuff . I intend to stock up on it !
 My friend had this product and I tried it . First I tried it because the scent was so energizing . After using it I discovered it made my hair feel so silky and thick . My hair was so manageable after using the product that I had to order this product for myself . I highly recommend this product for anyone that feels their hair needs a pick-me-up in texture and manageability . I would give it more stars if I could .
 I 've been using Paul Mitchell products for a few years . This new lavendar product is equal in quality to the others . My favorite is still the Tea Tree shampoo/conditioner .
 I love the fresh smell of this shampoo and conditioner . I generally like the more natural & fresh-smelling products , versus the flowery & fruity stuff . The whole bathroom smells like a spa after using these products . My hair feels great afterwards too . I also love the fact that Paul Mitchell does not test or endorse testing on animals . The company also contributes to environmental causes . It 's nice to use products from a company that aligns with my values .
 Love the smell of these products . Took a little while to figure how to get the `` locks '' off to make them functional but once I found a knife -LRB- since my fingernails were n't strong enough -RRB- I was in business .
 I bought both the shampoo and the conditioner , but I ended up returning the shampoo after a few uses . I really enjoyed the scent of both of these products , so it was hard for me to part with the shampoo because of that . Nonetheless , the shampoo made my hair dry , although it made my hair feel manageable and somewhat shiny . With the dryness came the `` fuzzy '' / frizzy look , and I felt that an expensive shampoo like this one should not be lacking in such a big way . Lastly , this shampoo contains dimethicone -LRB- so does the conditioner , but it 's not as concerning in a conditioner -RRB- , and this silicone is known to coat the hair making it look healthy/shiny/etc for the first few uses , but after a while the hair becomes dry and starved of moisture . I believe that is what was happening to my hair.As far as the conditioner , it returns some of the moisture that the shampoo takes out , and I 'm now using it along with American Crew 's Moisturizing Shampoo , which also has a great scent but does n't make my hair dry . I can actually feel the conditioner making a difference , and that 's mainly the reason why I kept it . I would n't say it 's a life-changing product , but it 's better than a lot of other cheap drugstore -LRB- even salon -RRB- conditioners . I 'll keep using it until the bottle runs out , but I might consider changing to something else .
 Love this shampoo and conditoner . I first tried on my trip to Puerto Rico where I purchase it at the resort and I love the softness ans shine
 I fell in love with this product since the moment the salon used it on my hair , back in February 2011 . I do n't care what other critics think about this seller , because the price and quality made me go back to Paul 's Lavender Mint after continuously being disappointed with store-bought moisturizing shampoos & conditioners . You are Godsend , because this product is so expensive at the salons , which makes it affordable for anyone who 's on a tight budget.The smell of this product and the results are wonderful ! All other shampoos and conditioners left my hair smelling good , soft & shiny , but as the day went by , my hair became dry , frizzy , unmanageable and the scent faded away by the end of the day . Paul Mitchell 's Lavender Mint leaves your hair moisturized , smelling great , manageable , smooth , soft & shiny all day long . Even on the next day , my hair felt clean and still smelling great , unlike other products I 've used.With Paul 's Lavender Mint , I receive so many compliments about the scent and the difference of the appearance of my hair . They ask if I cut or dyed it , which I did n't , of course . The lavender scent relaxes me while I 'm washing my hair . What more can you ask for when you are stressed out ? This is a top notch product , picks up my spirits and makes me feel so sexy . There 's no need to add chemicals for air-dried hair styles , like mine , because it leaves no frizz and your fingers can easily go through your hair.ABOUT THE SELLER ... DELIVERY WAS FASTER THAN WHAT I EXPECTED , SECURELY PACKAGED , AND PROVIDES A PRICE THAT ANYONE WHO 'S ON A BUDGET CAN BENEFIT USING THIS PRODUCT ! THANK YOU SO MUCH ! YOU HAVE MADE ME A VERY HAPPY WOMAN !
 I grew up spoiled when it came to hair-care products . My mother is a licensed cosmetologist and so we always had the best product . It was n't until I was in college that I had to buy store bought shampoo -LRB- gasp ! -RRB- Now , as the mother of three the Paul Mitchell Tea Tree Lavender Mint Moisturizing Shampoo & Lavender Mint Moisturizing Conditioner have saved my hair !! I have very thick curly hair which tends to get very dry and brittle very fast , but this shampoo and conditioner has left my hair feeling moisturized and clean without feeling weighed down . Also , I use way LESS than I was using with store bought shampoo . I have medium length -LRB- past my shoulders -RRB- and 2 - 10 oz bottles of shampoo and conditioner lasted me almost 2.5 months ... So I think the price equals out in the end because I 'm having to buy less.Another great pro to this set is the cool tingly feel on my scalp . The tea-tree does wonders if you have a flaky scalp .
 Have to buy in bulk for my wife 's long hair . It still lasts for quite a while .
 This stuff tingles and makes your hair shine . If you care about your hair and are willing to invest a little of your hard earned bread , this stuff works well .
 My first impression open opening the package -LRB- and smelling the products , naturally -RRB- , was `` This smells like allergies ! `` Granted , that 's not anyone 's fault but mine , since I bought this having a pretty vague idea of what lavender , in particular , smelled like . I 'm also allergic to a disturbing amount of flora , so to be fair , anything that smells vaguely earthy and plant-ish gives me a similar reaction . Given the titular `` lavender mint , '' I was expecting something of a cross between various Bath & Body Works Lotions and my toothpaste . Not so . I think I have a decent idea of what smells minty , and this did n't smell minty at all to me , so I can only assume it smells like lavender , in which case I apparently am not a particular fan of lavender . -LRB- Again , not anyone 's fault but mine . -RRB- The scent is n't unpleasant , it 's just not something I 'd pick out.As to the scent being cloying , I found that I could really only smell it as my hair dried -LRB- which admittedly takes a while as my hair is waist-length and I very rarely blow dry it -RRB- . After my hair was dry , however , I had to specifically grab a hunk of hair and place it under my nose and inhale to be able to smell much of anything , which is not something I 'm in the habit of doing , but I guess if you sniff your own hair frequently , it could get annoying if you 're not a fan of the scent . As far as I 'm aware , no one else could smell it on me , either , which is good , because I 'm not of the school of `` well , I like this scent , so naturally everyone within a ten foot radius will want to smell me . `` Regarding the supposed tingly feeling some reviewers did/didn ' t get - the only tingly feeling I felt while using this product was in my arms trying to work this puppy into a lather . My previous shampoo lathered at the slightest provocation , so at first I was pretty determined to make this do the same . It did n't work . If you find copious amounts of suds necessary for a pleasant showering experience , you 're going to be sorely disappointed with this product . It lathers , certainly , but relatively minimally.Once I got over the disappointment of not being able to create a bubble mountain atop my head and rinsed , I found that this shampoo left my hair feeling quite clean . I wash my hair every day -LRB- yes , yes , I know - hairdressers everywhere just died a little inside -RRB- . It 's not something I 'm willing to stop , however , which allows me to find pretty quickly just how moisturizing -LRB- or un-moisturizing -RRB- a particular product is . I would n't say that this product dried out my hair , but it did n't leave it looking like a Pantene commercial , either -LRB- I 'm not endorsing Pantene here - there 's a reason I do n't use their hair care products , but the models in their hair commercials always have gorgeous , shiny hair -RRB- . I 'd highly advise anyone using the conditioner to leave it in for as many minutes as you can . Even though the bottle does n't say to , let it sit in your hair for a bit . The few times where I was in a bit of a rush and basically applied conditioner and immediately rinsed it out left my hair feeling very dry . However , leaving it in for multiple minutes while I carried on with my shower left my hair feeling deliciously smooth and silky when I rinsed it out -LRB- some of this silkiness was lost as soon as I my hair started to dry , unfortunately . -RRB- On the whole , my hair seems slightly less frizzy than it was before I started using this product . The main difference I 've noticed is that it definitely is softer - particularly at the ends.On the whole , I like this product , but once I finish the -LRB- rather large -RRB- bottles , I 'll probably try something else . It works , and more or less seems to do what it claims , but certainly does n't do anything beyond that .
 The shipping was a little expensive , but totally worth it . Came immediately after I order it , and the shampoo and conditioner themselves are totally awesome . Would recommend to everyone who is considering Paul Mitchell Tea Tree .
 This product provides natural looking color shades in only 10 minutes of applying time . Easy application , great coverage , and convenience all in one package . Pleased to find it online as it is not available in stores anymore . I ca n't imagine why not . This is the perfect product for anyone not wanting to sit around for 25 minutes or more to obtain truly beautiful color . It is the only one that is closest to my natural color . I would highly recommend this product to anyone that uses hair color . You will not be disappointed .
 Have been using this product for years and I love it . Have periodically tried other eye pencils and none compare for quality , ease of application , ease of removal , and just plain good looks .
 This is what my husband has worn for years and we both just love it . I am so glad you carry it !
 I remember this cologne from many years ago . I had n't seen it for years so I decided to look it up and found it online . I ordered it and the memories came flooding back . It 's a good colonge for the price . The only thing bad I can say about my experience was yesterday when I dropped the bottle and spilled a bunch of it onto my carpet .
 Are the out of their minds 80 dollars ? In the 90 's it was 6 bucks at CVS True definition of greed
 Fell in love with this fragrance over 20 years ago , just started looking for it again , and Amazon is the only place I could find it . My b/f LOVES it !
 Good stuff . I like it a lot . My main purpose for trying Santa Fe was I was hopeful it would `` heavy '' on the patchouli . I think it fits the bill . Yup , it definitely brings you back to the 60 's and 70 's !!
 This curler does a small section of lashes at a time . If you have trouble getting to the very end of your lashes or the inside corner , then this curler is perfect . It takes a little longer to curl all of your lashes but will get even the hardest to reach .
 It is the best lash curler I ever bought in my life ! It is easy to use and you can quickly curl all parts of the lashes in a couple minutes . I am thinking about purchasing some for my sisters .
 My eyelashes are short but thick and I have the worst time trying to curl my eyelashes with other curlers . I almost always dread it because I get pinched by the other products . After I gave Zhen 's curler a try , my eyes look more open with no pain ! The smaller curler gets all the eyelashes curled in just seconds . I love it !
 I bought it to my girlfriend 's sister and she was sorprised by its fragance ...
 I received this blow dryer as a gift from my sister a year ago . I had always used drugstore dryers and thought air was air and a blow dryer is a blow dryer . Wow was I wrong . This BD dried my hair fast -LRB- a huge plus as I have very thick hair that takes forever to dry -RRB- , left it smooth , shiny , voluminous , and gave it a just left the salon look . My one and only complaint is that it breaks extremely easy when dropped . I was sitting down drying my hair on the double -LRB- a rug on the carpet -RRB- carpeted floor and mistakenly dropped it . I honestly did n't drop it hard or far ... about 2 feet from the carpet at most . Well the inside of the BD broke into a gazillion plastic pieces and stopped working . I do n't know if the plastic part weakened from the prolonged heat exposure , or what exactly happened . All I know is that it definitely should not have broken that easily . I have dropped BD 's from much higher and on tile and it still held up . Unfortunately the dryer was a gift and I did n't have a receipt or I would have contacted the company and explained the situation . I dont know how they would have handled it , so I ca n't comment about the customer service . I do admit it was my fault for dropping it , but ... Overall , I would recommend this blow dryer for the beautiful results , but beware of the cheaply made `` parts '' on the inside . Hopefully you wont have this problem .
 I live in a very arid region of Southern California . My hair is straight , medium in length , with a little thinning on top . I have to deal with static electricity and fly away hair every day ; this hair dryer eliminates both problems . In addition , I have never found it so easy to style my hair . The hair dryer is not super light , but it is lighter than most . This has been by far the best hair dryer that I have purchased .
 This is the second time I have bought this hair dryer . I love it ! I have very thick hair and this dry 's it in half the time as a cheap hair dryer . Another great thing it leaves my hair super fluffy and not dry . I have told many people about this hairdryer and they have all bought one and love it too . Just be careful not to drop it . I dropped my last one and it broke in a million pieces , treat it with care .
 This is a fairly quiet hair dryer . It 's a little overpriced but is of good quality . Less expensive hair dryers only last about 2 years . This one has a 5 year warranty .
 I love this Hair Dryer . It dries my hair in much less time than my old CHI . I have given my CHI to my daughter but use my Bio Ionic when I can on her hair . It dries so much easier .
 if your using Laszlo products , you already know that this is an awesome product . . But if not , if you use the sea mud soap , you must own this toner also , it really keeps your skin clean and fresh . .
 A really nice body wash that I first got in a spa on Montauk Point , Long Island . It has a lovely , refreshing scent and does n't leave a greasy film on the body . I liked it enough to search it out on line .
 We all love this body wash . It is wonderful to use in the shower when you are slightly congested and the scent is wonderful .
 Found this in Paris & was unable to locate any at home in Texas . Big surprise . So found it on Amazon & now order it in bulk . It 's great after a workout . Heats up the muscles & helps eliviate any soreness . Smells great too . Highly recommended .
 I grew up in Europe and Kneipp has been used in our family as long as I remember . It is good for your skin and very pleasantly scented .
 fantastic smell , makes every workday shower at 6 Am less annoying . not drying , gentle . a very high quality product . I 've never tried a Kneipp product that did not smell fantastic !
 I love the smell of Kneipp Orange & Linden Body Wash. . I find it very soothing . Good suds
 It is very hard to find metal hair combs and I was very happy when I found these . They 're very nice with covered tips . Would probably like them to be a little wider , but still very happy .
 This perfume is absoloutely heavenly . The fragrance is not too heavy but is still noticeable , both men and women love the fragrance .
 I bought this when my 4-year-old metal flat iron died . Considering that flat iron was $ 10 , and I 'm a poor college student , this is a huge improvement for the price . Heats up quick , keeps my hair super smooth , super fast , and I live in super humid Austin , TX . It 's no Chi , but it 's still awesome , especially for the price .
 Although I have not tried every lip-gloss on the market , this is my favorite lip-gloss because it has perfect consistency , shiney , long lasting , pretty colors . I bought the lip-gloss duos at Costco some months ago in the full sizes for only $ 9.99 . Now I ca n't find them anywhere , boo hoo I want more so I will buy this set & give the colors that do n't suit me to my 13 yr old daughter or 21 yr old daughter , since they prefer lip-gloss over lipstick . I am a convert from Clinique lipstick to Smashbox lip-gloss , I think these smaller sizes will be nice to put in my handbag or backpack depending on where I am through-out my day , I may not have time to wear make-up everyday but I always use smashbox lip-gloss everyday . Also check out Smashbox on QVC & their -LSB- ... -RSB- I have tried Smashbox eyeshadow & eyeliner I can wear their eyeliner for a few hours but the eyeshadow makes my eyes itch & turn red quickly , but than I usually wear Clinique or Laura Geller since my eyes or so sensitive to make-up .
 I love this set . The colors range from reds to pinks to browns , soft to bold . They go on smoothly , the applicator works well , the color lasts , they smell good , and they fit into a tiny purse or pocket . The `` travel case '' is a joke ; it fits three of these little glosses side by side ; who needs three glosses at one time ? I would prefer a case that is small with a mirror , for ONE gloss , to put in my purse or pocket . And a FYI ... this set was selling at Costco for -LSB- ... -RSB- bucks , with a black or pink carry case . You may want to look there first . I bought two sets ... I know a good thing when I see it !
 iT STAYS WITH YOU . i GIVE IT A 5 STAR.i ALWAYS ORDER THIS TO GO WITH THE SPRAY.CREAMY AND SMOTHE .
 what else is there to say about the lotion but you just have to love it if you like Giorgio
 The product I received was exactly what I expected when I placed my order . It arrived much sooner than I thought that it would .
 I did n't want to have to drive to Macy 's for just one compact of shadow . Purchased this online and was very satisfied .
 Okay it is expensive but you get what you pay for and this shadow is no exception . It has a matte beige type shadow that is super silky and smooth and lasts forever . I have been using this for years and hope to use if for many more .
 Price is a bit expensive but I have been unable to find another shadow I like as much . The color has been difficult to match . The eye shadow also lasts forever !
 I ca n't rave enough about this product ! It has these tiny tiny beads that gently scrub your skin and just make your face feel so smooth after washing . It has a light scent , nothing perfume-y . I have used Aveeno products for many years and have never been disappointed with them . I was so excited to find this product half the price as it was in the stores , so I bought 2 ! I love Amazon shopping !!!
 it is just as described on the website . the face will become very smooth after using it . I like it very much !
 I have hyper-sensitive skin and often find myself allergic to products that others with sensitive skin find fine so this scrub is brilliant for me . Very gentle , the beads are small and granular compared to other scrubs . I use it in the shower and I think it would be suitable for regular if not daily use . Great product , will be buying it again .
 I am currently 39 weeks pregnant and have not really had any issues with acne/pimples ... until now . For the past two months , I have had various break outs on my face . Since high school I used Clean & Clear Daily Pore Cleanser which worked well , but the store did not have any in stock the day I went to buy some . So I decided to try Aveeno Skin Brightening Daily Scrub . It 's a bit more expensive , but it was all there was.I have been using it for two weeks now daily and several nights a week before bed . I first rub it in using small circular motions with the pads of my fingers , all around my face . Then I go back over gently with a warm wash cloth , then rinse . I love the beads because they really help with exfoliating the dead skin/dirt . With this routine , I have noticed a significant difference in the feel of my skin after I wash it . I have combination/sensitive skin -LRB- oily in t-zone then dry -RRB- . Most of the bumps are gone and my face FEELS clean . Not oily or with residue like with some soaps . Hopefully in a months time , my skin will be back to `` normal '' . Hope this review helps someone !
 I have been using this scrub for years now , but only occasionally untill i suddenly started to get acne in the humid weather where i live . I started to use this scrub daily evening after i go home form work - by this time my face becomes oily , shiny and a little itchy with my acne . Once I scrub it , feels fresh and this scrub did help me reduce and control acne . Even when i had no acne , I did like this scrub - good to use a scrub every once in a while to get those dead skin cells out of ur skin , right ? The microbeads in it are not too big or too scrubby , i guess that is the reason it is a daily scrub . I use soap in the morning , this scrub in the evening and I am done . I rarely go for a facial kind of thing , I only put on facepacks at home once in a while , so this helps keeping my pores clean .
 Definitely making a difference lightening marks and uneven tone . It has a weird consistency but it does work - I noticed a difference after about a week of consistent use . Highly recommend .
 I love this scrub . I think it is some of the best I 've ever used . It is gentle to you skin and not a wasteful product as so many are . A small dab and water will do .
 I love this face scrub . It has a fine sandy texture which makes your face feel refreshed and clean . And you only need a small amount .
 I 'm a 29 year old active male with moderately oily skin and I generally like this product . The exfoliation is more gentle than most `` scrubs '' due to the very tiny beads . It almost feels like you are rubbing fine grit sand on your face . The actual cleansing portion is fairly gentle and smells nice . Just a little dab of this will easily cover your face and I find one bottle lasting me over a month.One thing I will note is that this tends to be a tad harsh for normal skin - especially during the winter months . I like to mix usage of this withAveeno Smart Essentials Scrub , since the latter is a little more gentle on the skin for when you do n't need much exfoliation .
 Ive used this product before but couldnt find it in the stores near me since ive moved . I love it * I have scars from acne and it has always done the job to lighten it up . It takes awhile but keep with it , youll definitely see a difference . Also pair it with Ambi Fade cream as a moisturizer
 I have been using this for about a month and I love it ! It makes my skin feel so soft and it evens out my skin tone . A great product with an outstanding price !!!!
 I 've used the Olay Regenerist cleanser , St. Ives scrub , Neutrogena , Estee Lauder , Ahava - need I go on ? But I really like this Aveeno scrub -LRB- though `` scrub '' is a bit of an overstatement considering how small the beads are -RRB- . I like the citrusy smell and the way it cleans gently . I wish it were a little more scrubby but I ca n't seem to find something that 's about half way between this and the super-rough St. Ives so I 'll stick with this until I do .
 I used to have a bad problem with acne when I was a teen , but after puberty ended , my acne problem went away . I just wanted a gentle scrub that cleans my face , and this Aveeno scrub is exactly it . I love aveeno products because it feels very natural and leaves me feeling the same way . The pros about this product is that it is a great daily scrub , it does n't really have a strong odor , and 5 ounces actually last you a while if you use the correct amount . Though I really do love aveeno products , there are a few cons . It does n't leave my face very dry , but dry enough to want to put on a little moisturizer on my face . The beads in the scrub are also very small . It is great for taking off daily accumulated dirt , but it does n't exfoliate the skin as much as I want to . I have to scrub a bit harder in problematic areas to feel like i cleaned the area well enough . Another warning , like some reviewers already mentioned . . DO NOT GET THE BEADS IN YOUR EYE . It actually tore my contacts once because I was trying to rub the bead out.I would recommend this product for every day use , and use something stronger or a mud mask once a week to get the more difficult things off . If you have a bigger issue with acne , I would not recommend this . I think it would be too gentle to use , and the scrub is too fine to clean out everything .
 I want to try out a new product . I have used olay . It was the best one . I wanted to try something different . So I gave this one a try . I have liked it . I would use this for now . It is cheaper at amazon . Liked it so much . I would recommend it .
 I started using this product about 4-5 months ago and I must say , I love this scrub ! Its better than most scrubs I 've used . Its gentle on skin , beads are very fine and it doesnt irritate my skin , smells heavenly and best of all , it does n't make my skin break out nor makes it more oily . I 've always had acne and had mild to moderate amount of acne scars on my face as well , with daily use for several months , I 've started to notice that the scars are fading away , not completely gone but much less visible than before . Will definitely repurchase this ! Also , price is great and a lasts a good while .
 this is the best scrub i have ecer used perfect fargrance and it works as it says . your skin feels great the granules in scrub are really cool
 I have aging skin and always use a scrub . I 've tried several brands and for the price this is the best . I think I 've gotten amazing results . It does what it says . Aveeno does more than many pricer brands , I also use their firming cream and love it .
 I love this face wash ! While some face washes have rough exfoliants , the Skin Brightening Daily Scrub has the perfect combination of cleanser and small beads . The beads are non-irritating , and do not scratch my face like other exfoliants . They simply make my face feel clean and fresh!I can easily remove my mascara and face powder with a dime size amount of this product .
 I started using Aveeno products about two months ago and have noticed a significant improvement in my skin texture
 I 've used this scrub for about 2 years . Each time it lasts me about 6 months , b/c it takes such a small amount to do the job . My skin feels smoother and does in fact look brighter after use . The beads are very small which I prefer . I have somewhat sensitive , combination skin and this is one of few products I 've tried that really works with that . I even feel safe letting my toddler daughter use a little dab when she wants to be just like mommy .
 I have dark skin and tons of acne marks-mostly hyperpigmentation , and a little bit of acne that was on its way out of my life but kept holding on . I started using this product and finished the whole bottle . I do n't really care too much for face washes and stuff , and my acne was gone and so were most of my scars so I never got around to buying a new one . My acne is BACK ! and with that a whole new round of scars . I didnt really think at that time that this product was actually improving my skin and got rid of my acne , instead i just chalked it up to my hormone problems being fixed and the scars fading by themselves . The other day I was thinking why i started getting acne again , and then came to the conclusion that i stopped using this product so I am definitely adding this product to my daily regimen.So , I can say that it did actually fade my scars overtime . It also helped my acne although I 'm not sure if it is really meant for that . It was just a bonus for me . I would definitely recommend this product , especially if you have sensitive skin like me .
 I have used various cleansers for my sensitive face.So far I have tried Neutrogena , Clean & Clear , Cetaphil , Purpose , and etc products.Because my skin had some problems with Salicylic Acid , I ended up using Cetaphil instead of other acne-treatment cleansers.In my opinion , Cetaphil and Purpose were great because they did not cause any irritation on my face.The only problem that I had with Cetaphil was that whenever I applied the soap on my face , I did not feel anything.To some people , this was a good thing.However , not to me ; I wanted to feel something when I put some soaps on my face.Since I had heard many great things about Aveeno , -LRB- my dertmatologist and pharmacist recommended their products along with Lubiderm 's -RRB- , I gave it a try.I purchased Aveeno moisturing lotion , sun block , and this cleanser at the same time.When I apply small amount of this scrub on my and rub it , I could sense that the cleaner has some rich ingredients in it.After leaving the cleanser on my face for few minutes and washed it away , I could feel that my face was moisturized ... Yes , I like the soap very much.From now on , I will only use the Aveeno products because they are cheap -LRB- compared to other products sold at the mall -RRB- and they work great.Although I hope that the beads in the scrubs were a little bit more larger , this cleaner still does what it claims to do , without any flaws.Try it and be happy . like myself ; -RRB- PS
 I love this stuff . It has been the most gentle scrub I have found . I have sensitive skin and it is has never irritated it . Pleasant light fragrance also . I recommend it to alll my friends .
 I love this face scrub ! I have pale , sensitive , combination skin , and I found that this face scrub is not too harsh on my skin . I used to use St. Ives and I felt like I was rubbing sandpaper on my face and it would feel dry and stingy afterwards . But when I tried this product for the first time , I gently buffed away the dry spots on my face , leaving it extremely smooth even the next morning .
 This is my favorite face wash of all time ! It leaves my sensitive skin clean with no stinging feeling . I would reccomend this product .
 Works well very fine granular texture . It is a bit drying you should moisturizer right after using it if possible .
 I have dry skin and this cleanser works miracles ! Use a Buf-Puf Facial Sponge with this cleanser . Buf-Pufs are designed to completely remove dead skin cells , dirt and oil by pulling them away from the skin -LRB- I bought mine on Amazon for around $ 3 -RRB- . Definitely get the `` gentle '' Buf-Puf . The regular is way too rough .
 Out of the scrub I have used -LRB- ~ 7 different ones -RRB- I like this one the most . It not too rough , not too greasy and rinse off nicely .
 My skin feels nice and soft after using it . And I do n't get all red and bumpy like with lots of face washes.So it is good for people with sensitive skin ! Also a good price for a big bottle !
 I have been using this product for over 4 years and I love it . I have uneven skin tone around the mouth area and its gotten a lot lighter . My face feels smooth and radiant . I also love the small microbeads in it to exfoliate my skin . I read some reviews about it helping acne . It 's not an acne treatment so do n't get mad if it does n't work for you . It 's not for all skin type . So try it out if u like it and it works for u great . If not try something else .
 I have tried multiple kind of face scrubs , soaps , cleansers but after running into this product never used anything else . I 've been using this product since middle school so for about 9 years and it has not failed me since . I never had a huge acne problem where my face would be covered with acne but I had enough acne to get some kind of a face wash or scrub . This is an amazing product , I love this product so much because one , I have very sensitive skin and even though it 's a scrub it does n't cause any kind of damage . Two it keeps my skin fresh and clean . But without some kind of a facial lotion product it does have a chance of drying your skin , especially if you have sensitive skin such as myself . But this product has done more good than bad for me . I 'm not sure how well it will work on customers that have a severe acne -LRB- may need something stronger -RRB- but those who have sensitive skin , this product is definitely worth trying .
 I was having trouble with my skin and getting age spots -LRB- I am only 28 ... smh -RRB- . I 've been using this for almost 3-weeks and I notice a major improvement in my skin . The micro beads are not abrasive at all unless you press into your skin and keep rubbing for several minutes -LRB- which would n't make sense -RRB- . Otherwise I use this product and all the other aveeno products and they are fantastic .
 I have fibromyalgia so I am very sensitive to all these kinds of products.My mother recommended this to me and I have been using it for over a year.It is very lightly scented and has micro beads to exfoliate . I use itwith my Clarisonic and LOVE it !! Thanks Aveeno , you are the only company I havenever had problems with ! Yay !!
 Works well to scrub your face and leave it feeling refreshed . Does n't leave my face feeling too dry either . Nice product
 I have used this scrub for the last five days , and I use it once every time I shower , which is usually 2 times a day -LRB- morning and night-after workouts -RRB- . Before this I was n't using any soap on my face , I just never really had any problems with acne . This product has been pretty good , it does what it says it does . It has made my skin shiny in a good way . The main reason I got it was to exfoliate my skin and as a simple wash for sweat and dirt . I was skeptical at first because when I was younger I use to use other face washes that were too rough . This product does dry my skin a little after a wash , but the body uses its own oils to counteract that dryness and makes that dryness feel fade after 20 minutes . It does help to get rid of any blemishes on the skin , I had few , but the few I have -LRB- had -RRB- are pretty much gone now . The reviews on this product are somewhat funny . The negative reviews say that it does n't help their acne . I ca n't say if it does or does n't but one must remember it is n't all about the soap , it 's the body also being in chemical balance . Everything in moderation goes a long way with the body in helping remain chemically balanced . This is a great product though , the small beads are nice and definitely clean well . For example , I work outside during the day and after a 9 hour shift outside I had dirt and electrical tape residue on my fingers . I used my regular body wash to clean off the tape residue , still left black marks . When I applied the scrub to my hands and fingers , off went the residue . It is a good product , well worth the price .
 Better than the popular St Ives scrub , this stuff tears off a layer of your skin while the aveeno actually `` exfoliates ' . I recommend it and their other lotions and cleansers .
 Personally , I like the scrubbing grains to be a little tiny bit bigger , these are REALLY tiny and almost not noticeable . But that is what makes this a gentle cleanser for those who have sensitive skin or do n't like the feel of grit when they are washing their face . I gave this product a 5 because it is a very nice facial cleanser , very good consistency , and overall a nice product .
 I generally love all Aveeno products . This product is wonderful . It smells great , the texture is wonderful and it cleans pretty well . The only problem is that for people that wash their faces two times a day , this stuff goes pretty quickly . It costs around $ 7 - $ 8 a bottle , pretty much worth the higher price tag.However , Target -LRB- a Midwestern Store -RRB- carries their own brand that remakes the product for a cheaper price . Their version is $ 2 - $ 3 cheaper , smells THE SAME , and almost the same texture -LRB- the scrub is slightly bigger -RRB- . It cleans the same and pretty much IS the same product.I love the Aveeno product but only buy it when it 's on sale . Otherwise it 's the Target Brand . I really hate when companies find a lovely product and then just price it higher because they know people love the product so much , they 'll spend the money . Why should consumers have to pay for that ? It makes no sense ! If more people are buying the product , it should be CHEAPER than more expensive .
 Aveeno Positively Radiant scrub is easy on my skin yet also effective at brightening my skin tone . It 's not all that easy to find products as compatible as this with sensitive skin . Recommended .
 As the product states , you can use this every day . I do n't see a noticeable &#34; brightening &#34; in my skin tone , but my skin definitely feels better - feels clean and smooth after using the scrub .
 I love this product as part of my weekly skin care . It 's a great mild exfoliant and does n't damage my fragile aging skin .
 I use this and other aveeno products a lot . I like the feel it leaves on my face after I am done . Does kind of dry my face out , so I have to put lotion on afterwards .
 This is a fantastic product . Gentle enough to use every day -LRB- even 2x a day -RRB- . Leaves your face feeling smooth and clean but not stripped of all moisture . Does not make your face red or irritated . FYI
 This scrub literally gives you a facial every day . Removes age spots and gives skin a fabulous glow . Love it !
 it is good . i think it is a cheap , but it is useful and helpful . No any stimulation for skin .
 I bought this cleanser about 4 months ago after trying the oil mist spray -LRB- which I also love -RRB- . I was looking for a truly gentle cleanser that actually cleaned my skin . I noticed some made my face feel that I only used water . I do n't know too much about Ethocyn -LRB- the magic ingredient -RRB- , but I know it makes my skin feel clean and revived without any dryness . I can feel something working to help smooth my complexion . So if you are looking for a good daily cleanser , look no further . Do be careful when dispensing this product . Since the opening is at the bottom , be careful not to squeeze too much out , and be sure to catch the excess once you close the twist cap . I also found that this product lasts a long time . It 's been 4 months and I am only half way through it .
 This shampoo is great for me because I prefer no scent in my hair products and my scalp tends to be itchy . I also use rogaine and have some alopecia going on , and besides cutting my hair so its not too far past my shoulders this shampoo is what keeps my hair feeling and looking good . The conditioner actually soothes my scalp , I suggest buying them to use together . Just make sure you get the perfume free shampoo . The only thing is , since its not a `` commercialized '' product , it is n't easy to lather . I just add a little water and it seems to help . I have tried many others and even told my dermo about this product since he sees lots of patients with itchy scalps or alopecia . It is n't easy to find in health food stores either . This was a good buy .
 This product is perfect for people who suffer multiple chemical sensitivities as I do , and it does n't bother my asthma in the least . I have no problem with it causing any skin irritation as I do with other fragrance free products and it does n't bother my eyes either . When used in conjunction with Magick 's fragrance free conditioner you 'll get beautifully soft and manageble hair with plenty of body and shine.Warning
 I think this is the perfect shampoo . I began using it over 10 years ago because I am very allergic to fragrances . Not only is this shampoo completely odorless , it never causes my hair to tangle or be too soft . I have thin hair and live in a large city with hard water . There is no shampoo like this in the stores .
 I loved these ! They were so soft ! I almost cried when they discontinued them ... the round pads are not the same !
 I live in Arizona where the sun is out most of the time and is quite intense . I use this product while running daily and while hiking . It goes on well with a good coverage and keeps my skin from exposure to harmful rays . I 've been using Total Block for a few years and have noticed that despite my skin 's exposure to the sun , I have not gotten any brown spots or sun damage -LRB- as I did when I was younger -RRB- . Good product , good price .
 Great product ! Does n't leave a sheen or trigger breakouts of my combination skin , and it 's effective at preventing sunburn . It 's kind of expensive compared to the brands at a drugstore but the 2 oz bottle lasts me a long time and I think it 's worth every dime .
 I like this product so much that I just bought three more bottles of the CLEAR version to give out to family members . -LRB- I already have two bottles of the CLEAR myself - one in the house and one in my purse in case I 'm out and about and need to renew my sun protection . -RRB- I like this product because : A -RRB- It does NOT sting my eyes.B -RRB- It does n't have an overpowering scent -LRB- ca n't tell if it has a scent at all -RRB- . C -RRB- It does n't give my face a greasy sheen , which has to be disguised with powder . In fact , unless I 've slathered on too much , it dries to a nice , matte finish . No powder or make-up required.D -RRB- It is very easy to apply . It spreads evenly -LRB- no rubbing required -RRB- and dries quickly.I ca n't tell you how effective it is for my face , as I have always been uber-protective of sun on my face , but I can say that I 've been using it on my upper chest for the last three or four weeks , and I have lost the reddish coloration that I get from running around in vee-necked t-shirts . My `` decollete '' -LRB- upper chest area -RRB- now blends in with the rest of my skin , so I can wear any neckline and my skin looks creamy , not red and angry from over-exposure . The only warning I can give is to apply it with a mirror . Last week , I was out in the sun for longer than planned , so I reapplied the sun-screen without the benefit of a mirror . When I made it back to my car , I found out why everyone was looking at me funny -- my nose was decorated with a stripe of sunscreen that had dried to a pale pink . So yes , it dries clear , but only when applied in a thin , even layer . ; - p
 Our dermatoligist 's office advertised this product . It is easy to use , probably would be perfect if it wasa spray rather than a lotion . But , I would imagine this is the best for sun block protection .
 This product is like a liquid foundation and gives pretty heavy coverage so if you are use to that you will love this right out of the box . I wear a lightweight powder foundation so this took a bit of tweaking to get the right consistency for me , and I ca n't find a powder foundation with this high of a SPF and even the ones I can find do n't have great color selection . The color out of the box was a great match for my skin . I have oily skin and always use oil free products when possible , so the first time I applied directly on my skin and it was a bit too dry or thick for me even with my oily skin . The second time I mixed a clear oil-free sunscreen with this tinted one and that was the perfect combination for me I think it made the product seem lighter . High SPF tinted foundation or powder foundation are impossible to find so I am hopeful this will do the trick on the days I really need the extra protection . I want to get the waterproof block and try mixing that with this one to see what that might be like . I have tried other tinted sunblocks but this is the best so far .
 I live in Florida and I am an equestrian who rides outside in the sun . I have a lot of sun damage on my face from many years of exposure and I have had peels and treatments to remove spots . This Total Block is terrific as it really blocks all the UVA/UVB rays as I have seen no further damage since I 've been using it . What is also very important is that I have very sensitive skin and eyes . Many sunscreens on the market sting my eyes and bother my skin . Fallene Total Block does neither and is very comfortable to wear . I highly recommend it .
 I 've been using this product for years . It blocks the sun as well as hides flaws on the face !
 I appreciate that the product came right on time and was exactly what I had ordered.For a number of years I have used this product on my face at the advice of my dermatologist as a way to block the sun and so to slow down dramatically the aging process on my skin . I love the fact that it tints my skin so that the color on my face is evened out.I hope that they make this product forever . It is a great product . I think that more women would use it if they knew how great it is . I have used it for at least 8 years , I started in my early sixties and other women will ask me how I keep my skin so wrinkle free . I tell them that I believe that it is from the Fallene Sun Block at least , in part.Thank you!Carol K.
 I lived in the southwest most of my life and I 'm no spring chick , never being a sun worshiper . In the past 10 years I have developed a few minor skin cancers -LRB- which I 've had removed -RRB- and have become more conscious of the damaging effect of the sun 's rays . I first used other sun screens then found Total Block and have not used another product since . We have moved to a more northern latitude but I still use Total Block whenever I work outside in the garden or mow the lawn . The product does leave a whitest film -LRB- the titanium dioxide -RRB- , but keeps the damaging rays at bay . Even after I start to tan -LRB- mostly because I forgot to put on Total Block -RRB- if I use this product I can see immediately that my tan is fading . The 2 oz . container goes a long way and washes off easily.I highly recommend this product to those who are concerned about their skin .
 Bought this product tinted and untinted for total protection after laser surgery . I had to mix the tinted product with a little moisturizer for a smooth finish . The tint was easy to mix to match my skin . The non-tinted subblock leaves a white finish on the face . Products gave good protection as I was walking around an amusement park four days in a row and did n't burn . Overall a good product .
 Easy to apply , looks great and comes with two extra tubes of coloring to lighten or darken the sunscreen . There is no reason to be chalky white with this screen . A tinted total block , it does the work and enhances the skin as well . While it is not a make up , this summer I have easily worn this instead of foundation and nobody seems to know the difference . I love it !
 I have melasma , and need a sunscreen to provide strong UVA / UVB protection . I have used Total Block for 7 years , and it has prevented this condition from worsening , despite my spending a reasonable amount of time in the sun.The clear does * not * dry completely clear , and can be a bit chalky . My skin is very fair , so even adding all the `` light '' pigment to the customizable tinted formulation does not result in a light enough color . By blending the tinted and `` clear '' products so that they match my skin tone , I can get a decent foundation.I would recommend this product for anyone who is serious about complete sun protection and is patient with applying a product that can be a bit chalky .
 This is the best foundation I have ever used . It is easy to apply , completely covers and evens the skin tone , and stays on all day without clumping up . Like the other reviewers , I appreciate that it dries matte . I tried it because I have lupus and live at a high altitude , so I need extra UV protection . So far so good . The ability to lighten and darken the tone is great , although I do wish there were a way to add cooler/pink tones , since it is a tad yellowish . That being said , I get lots of compliments about my skin when I wear this and , hey , I feel pretty !
 I am not kidding when I say that this sunblock changed my life ! I am extremely pale -LRB- nordic , irish , german roots -RRB- with freckles and moles and I received a wake-up call when a dermatologist told me that I was basically headed for disaster if I did n't start taking care of my skin . Funny enough , I never tanned or sat on the beach , so I figured I was okay . But it was what I WASNT doing -LRB- wearing sunblock , hats , etc -RRB- that was hurting me . I had to have a total of 7 moles removed which thankfully turned me to a healthier view on taking care of my skin.I tried many different kinds of sunscreen and sunblock and I was having trouble finding the perfect `` facial '' block . Total block is a little thicker than most , but I find that it blends in well and provides a mattifying effect on my super oily skin . I can see why some people balk at the color , but I think if you have a lighter complexion you wo n't have a problem .
 I really like this product . I am fair haired and skinned and in all the years of wearing sunscreen , this product has been the one to provide the best coverage for extended periods . I wear it everyday and love it !
 This product works well as a makeup and a sunscreen . It 's a little thick but it covers really well . It 's the best combination of makeup and sunscreen I have found .
 This sunblock was recommended to me by a dermatologist . It can be added to moisturizer , or used alone . It goes on non-greasy , and stays that way . It has no smell . . Yay !!! My only complaint is that the consistency varies . One bottle might be thicker than the next . I prefer it not too thick , so it will come out of the bottle more easily .
 I really like this sunscreen a lot . It works as makeup and as skin protection in one and is easy to apply .
 This product was first introduced by a friend a couple of years back but was told only sold by exclusive distributor so I continued using products I found from various cosmetic lines and drug stores . Last fall I found it on the net and been using it everyday . It gives great protection , serves as foundation and unlike others , it 's non-greasy . I strongly recommend this product to those who seek high SPF protection .
 I < 3 Fallene 's Total Block UVA/UVM sunblock !! I 've been using it for a little over two years now . I have slightly acne prone skin and this is one of the few sunblocks/sun protection lotions that does NOT cause me to break out at all - regardless of how sweaty or oily I may get while I am wearing this . The sunblock is super thick and requires a decent amount of shaking before application in order to mix the fluids . As other reviewers have stated , this sunblock DOES leave a pasty film - it definitely lightens/whitens my skin while I am wearing it . However , I actually really like this effect -LRB- particularly as an Asian-American woman -RRB- . :-RRB- There is n't really any smell to the sunblock , which is also nice and makes the lotion even more wearable . My only complaint is that , the sunblock is so heavy and thick that I have to wipe my eyebrows after application ; otherwise , my eyebrows will also be lightly tinted / paler . Also , if I do happen to sweat a lot while wearing this , sometimes little pale-ish white -LRB- albeit , translucent -RRB- beads will run down my face because the sweat is mixing with the sunblock . Not the prettiest effect but , this really only happens when I am at the gym and sweating profusely . I highly recommend this sunblock if you 're looking for a heavy-duty sunblock that will not break you out .
 A dermatologist recommended this to me and it 's perfect . With an SPF of 65 , it 's all the protection you could want and it does n't leave any chalkiness or greasy feel . I put this on after moisturizing and before foundation . It has never interfered with makeup or my complexion . I wo n't even try anything else .
 Once I get the color mixed right , I use it as my daily make up . I have to use a lot of the dark color to get a medium beige . I apply it with a brush and it works fine . I have to use a total block on my face , Because I am prone to basal cells On my face , And my doctor recommended this one .
 She uses this product . When it is on sale , we will certainly use it again . What more can I say
 I have been using Total Block since this product appeared on the market . My dermatologist recommended to me at that time . I have eczema and aging spots . Shake it well . Drop it on your palm and rub your both palms together . And then the both palms on your cheeks to put it on your face . By using your all surface of the hands -LRB- from figures to palms -RRB- , it does n't get heavy feeling or make your face whiter in color . I usually wait 60 ~ 120 second before applying my foundation . I have never had any skin problem by this sun protection .
 My skin is very fair thanks to my Scottish heritage . I burn through most sunscreen , even high SPF versions , so my usual plan is apply sunscreen , carry a parasol , reapply sunscreen , try to find shade . I generally still burn . Adding to the frustration is the fact that every sunscreen I 've used burns when I apply it to my face . Its ok elsewhere on my body , but my face has sensitive skin . They all tend to be greasy as well , no matter what the formula , so I sweat buckets in them.Enter this product . Heavenly choirs sing . Shake well , apply to my face and there is no burning sensation . None ! It dries to a matte satiny texture and does n't make me sweat . Best of all , no sunburn . Not even any hint of colour . I am over the moon happy . I still carry a parasol and seek shade , but this protects well , and is a blessing , allowing me to swim , ride a bicycle and do other non parasol friendly activities during daylight hours . I limit it 's use to my face and decolletage as it 's very expensive and comes in such a small bottle , but that works as the rest of my skin can tolerate regular sunscreens . I 'm going to order a backup bottle so I 'll never run out of this stuff . I ca n't recommend it highly enough !
 Love this product ! You can tint it to whatever shade matches your complexion and it 's really easy ! Really Awesome product !
 After having numerous skin cancers I am very protective of my skin . I bought this product to use as a make up base for my mineral foundation , but have found that can be used alone once the tint is adjusted . I do n't go out in the sun unless it 's to get in the car or shopping , so I ca n't tell you that how effective it is for preventing burns just yet . However , we are planning trip to Europe this summer , so the need for a effective sunscreen is important , and I plan on taking this with me for my face , hand , and chest area . -LRB- plus a good solar umbrella -RRB- I believe that this is a very good product that does not cause my face or chest to break out , is not difficult to apply , and blends into my skin easily . I have gotten compliments on my complexion while wearing it . It did take a little trial and error to get the color adjusted using the enclosed tint packets , but I am happy with the results , and would recommend this product to those who want a safe sunscreen with natural protective ingredients .
 I feel very safe using this sunblock . My skin has not broken out despite FL 's summer humidity and using a foundation over it .
 Good coverage but feels a little thick going on . Leaves my skin feeling dry . Also purchased the face and tinted face . Like them both .
 I 've been using this sunblock for 4 years now , and definitely love it . It does n't have that greasy feel like other ones I 've used .
 I 've used this in the past and ordered it again . I like the way I ca n't feel it on my skin after it dries and that I can be out in the sun all day long and not get burned .
 I love Cotz sunblocks , however , I wish I had read a bit more carefully . This sunblock has Zinc and Titanium Dioxide -LRB- a must have in any sunblock I will ever buy -RRB- , but unlike Cotz for sensitive skin , this one burns when I put it on . I still wear it , and it does work well , but is you 're sensitive like me , stick with the sensitive formula .
 MY DAUGHTER IS VERY PLEASED WITH THE PRODUCT . MAKEUP GOES ON OVER IT VERY WELL and ITS NOT GREASY LIKE SOME OTHERS SHE HAS USED IN THE PAST .
 Excellent coverage , I use it as make-up . It does not come off in the heat and does not cause breakouts .
 I use this product on my daughter 's port wine stain both to protect it from the sun and as a cover-up . While the sunblock aspect of this product is excellent and we are usually able to tint fairly close to her skin color , it REALLY needs to become waterproof . It tends to wear off fairly quickly .
 Recommended by my dermatologist . It 's tinted so if you use too much , it 'll look like cake on your face . It blends wells if your skin tone if you use it lightly . I like it and will try the untinted version next .
 My dermatologist recommended this and I only use it on my face , neck , and chest . For the rest of my skin if I 'm going outdoors for any length of time I use other sport sunscreens since 2 ounces wo n't go far if you 're applying to your whole body.Total Block is pricey compared to other sunscreens but here are a few things that make it worth it to me.-The most important thing is that unlike many -LRB- most ? -RRB- sunscreens , it 's not greasy , sticky , or tacky . Other sunscreens say `` non-greasy '' but that does n't mean your skin does n't feel tacky afterwards . Total Block actually dries with a matte , dry surface . You do n't leave prints everywhere and your hair does n't stick to your face . I can stand a bit of stickiness on my arms and legs but not on my face.-I find it to be somewhat oil absorbing . It reduces oil shine , especially around my nose and forehead.-You can wear it comfortably under makeup.-Once on your skin , it does n't flake off as some dry touch or gel sunscreens tend to do.-No smell or odor-It works . Prevents not only burning , but tanning too .
 I 've used Total Block ever since my dermatologist recommended . I like it very much because it looks almost like a foundation .
 This product offers great sun protection and can be used easily under makeup . It does not leave your skin shiny or have a greasy feeling . The tinted color can be changed to match your skin tone . This does rub off on clothes though , so apply on face and neck after you are dressed . I would have given it 5 stars if it did n't come off on clothes .
 This is the best sunblock ever . I have tried many sunblocks . I have dark spots on my skin from growing up in Florida and now living in California . I have tried everthing to get rid of the brown spots and finally I have found a product to fade the brown spots and a sunblock that acutally blocks the sun and prevents them from coming back.I was hesitant even with all the reviews but decided to give it a try and I am so glad I did . The color is perfect and the the fact that they give you the ability to mix it to make it lighter and darker is so amazing . I really ca n't say enough good things about this block AND my skin looks amazing , no break outs or anything . I signed up for automatic shipments , I will never try anything else . VERY HAPPY CUSTOMER !
 The zinc molecules are too large to absorb into your skin leaving the skin with a '' chalk '' like look . Will without a doubt block the harmful UVA / UVB rays.If you 're into protection 100 % this is for you . If you 're vain ... do n't complain .
 I had tried everything in the market . Not only because I have fair skin , but because I am suffering Melasma over my mouth and cheeks . This had been the ONLY sunscreen that maintain my skin without worsen my Melasma . I use this one when I will not use make up . Because is too white and you have to wait until is really dry to be able to use make up , if not you will end with a ` mess ' . The other one with a little tint , although has less SPF contains zinc and TD which are the best ingredients against sun damage .
 I am an Esthetician and I wear makeup and I love this product ! It is not oily at all . It can be a little thick looking if you do n't `` play '' with it a little . At home where it 's dry I add a moisurizer underneath but , when I travel to where it 's more humid I wear it alone and might even mix a couple of drops of water with it on my fingers to thin it out . I have bought this for friends and am reccommending it all the time .
 I do a good bit of gardening and this product is actually keeping my chest from getting a not-so-pretty `` farmer 's tan . '' Nothing else I 've tried has worked as well and I 've tried a bunch!The even more exciting news ... for me ! ... is that it is an incredible foundation !!! My skin looks smooth and it evens out any `` discolorations '' -LRB- A nice way of saying age spots and rosacea -RRB- . Wow !!!
 I received a sample of this product at a trade show a number of years ago . I have what you would call mild rosacea . If I get any type of over exposure to the sun my face really shows it . This product will totally stop this . Yes , it does have a film , but not like the lifeguards wear on their noses . If you apply it sparingly in a thin layer and massage it in , it will blend in well . It does not take much to offer you complete protection . If you have mild rosacea it will actually lighten up your skin a tad , and for many of us this is not totally undesireable . I only use it on my face and ears which are problem areas for me . I enjoy the outdoors -LRB- Cancun vacations , fishing , hiking , working in the garden -RRB- without worry that my face will turn beet red and remain that way for days or weeks to come . I use this product regularly , and would not be without it when I travel or if intend to be outdoors .
 I love this product , and my skin is becoming so smooth and and even tone after i have used this product for six months . And i used even on the cloudy day . It seems it totally blocking my sskim from the sunlight and helps my skin rejuvenated somehow .
 This product was recommended to me by my dermatologist . It does a great job of protecting me . I am a golf rules official and am out in the Hawaii sun for hours at a time . This stuff does n't let me burn . Do n't know how I did without it for so long .
 I absolutely love this product . I have been using this product for five years now . It does give your face a little white tint when you apply it , and you have to blend really well , especially near the hairline . I have oily t-zone , so it was a bit oily for me sometimes . But now I found that if I apply my vitamin c serum first , and then this , it balanced it out . No more oiliness .
 It comes with colors so you can customize the tint to match your skin tone . It provides much needed protection at our mile above sea levelelevation .
 A friend turned me onto this product and overall , I like it . Only four stars because my face feels dry after application , and the price is high . The Amazon subscribe and save helps you save more . It 's worth the money if you want a sunblock/skin concealer/foundation in one . It comes with a darker pigment , so you can match up your coloring . It 's the only product of it 's type , which is why it 's a bit pricey .
 This is to be used for serious sun exposure where protecting yourself is more important than a slight white layer on your skin . I kayak every week and I am under the sun for 3 to 5 hours . I know this works because I forgot to apply this on my hands and they were the only part of my body that tanned and burned . Yes , there is a light white shade . Big deal . Also , this is n't meant to go on your face as well , not matter what anyone says . They have another product that is meant for sensitive skin that does n't have a noticeable white shade.I just got back from a whole day of Kayaking under very intense sun here in Newport Beach , CA . I did n't even have a noticeable tan . Since I was paddling the whole time , I did n't have a chance to reapply it . Since there is a slight white shade , I could still see it on my skin even with water splashing on me.I still recommend using a hat and long sleeve rash guard with SPF if you intend to stay under the sun for a long time , but if you can not , this is the next best choice .
 I ordered and used the `` clear '' Total Block last summer and while it worked fine , it did lend a somewhat pale affect to the face . I had read all the rave reviews on Amazon about this product , and I must say it lives up to the hype . I do set it with powder , there are no claims to water-resistance or long-wearing ; it feels silky smooth and the color is virtually perfect for me , right out of the bottle ! The color as-is seems to be a light honey after shaking well ; there are two bottles of pigment to lighten or darken to your preference , and instructions are included . I have n't added any of the color yet ; could see myself adding a drop of darkening as the summer progresses . It offers full-coverage , but somehow does not draw attention to my over-40 lines , and I do n't usually need to wear concealer , the coverage is that good . I tan easily all over , but get the ugliest dark blotches on my jawline and upper lip if I do n't keep heavy duty SPF on all the time . Even the texture is leathery , whereas my unaffected skin is smooth . So , I use PCA Phaze 13 which works wonders to reduce the discoloration and texture of the affected skin , then I put this product on , and do n't have to put make up on top of it ! In Texas , where it is 100 + degrees already , I need as few layers as possible .
 I found this product at a doctor 's office . Because it is tinted , I do n't have to buy make-up . Plus , it protects me best from the sun 's rays . My 38-year old daughter uses it now , too . I think of it more as my make-up . Because I put on Aveeno moisterizer first , it glides right on . Doing that step makes a big difference . Otherwise , it would be a little dry . I notice , also , that the color can be darker as it gets to the bottom of the bottle , so I try to make sure to shake it well each time I use it .
 It gives total sun protection for my face for hours.Perfect for out door sports , such as a golf.Best buy I ever made .
 I am fair skinned -LRB- red hair blue eyes -RRB- . I have used this product for over 10 years now and would swear by it.Use the clear type .
 After issues with hyperpigmentation , I sought advice from my dermatologist . She recommended Fallene 's Total Block . It comes in several different guises but I wound up with the SPF 65 clear version . It is very thick and you have to shake the bottle thoroughly , but you do n't use very much.I love this stuff and use it every day , summer or winter . The 2 oz bottle lasted me 2 months with daily application.It gives great coverage and the bottle I got had no foul odor . You have to rub it in well and make sure that you blend it all the way to the hair line , but once it is on , it is on . It is very light weight.My makeup - both liquid and mineral powder go on easily and it stays on all day unless you have a strenuous workout .
 This is by far the best sun block I have ever used . It goes on well and does the job it says it will , totally blocks the sun . I used it in Florida recently and never burned and I have skin that burns within 20 to 30 minutes of strong sunlight . Also this did not cause any irritation to my super sensitive skin . I use in whenever I see that we are having a sunny day as UV rays penetrate car windows . The key to using this product is to put it on about 20 to 30 minutes before going out and to reapply every three hours or so .
 Love this product because it does n't cause allergies on my sensitive skin . It dries clear and does n't feel thick on my face . I forget it 's even on .
 Once you master the mixture of color and blend in with moisturizer , this product blends in well and is like having a foundation on.Just a dab goes along way . Too much and you get a pasty look .
 I have used Fallene Total Block Clear for years . It is the best facial sunscreen I 've ever found , plus it 's highly recommended by my dermatologist . Though during application it looks thick and slightly beige , on my fair/medium skin it dries almost invisibly , neither oily nor drying . It also gives a `` finished '' look to my skin , so that during the day , I often apply it and run , without using foundation . Most importantly , it contains titanium dioxide and zinc oxide , great barriers to skin-damaging UVA/UVB rays . Do your skin a favor and give it a try !
 It was recommended that I try this sun block . I use it daily on my face . It is light and can be used under makeup or without makeup . NO sun gets through ! I have not had any sun burn since beginning its use . Hopefully I have slowed my skin 's aging process . I highly recommend this product .
 My doctor highly recommended this product and I think it works great.Fallene Total Block UVA/UVB Complete Full Spectrum Sun Protection , SPF 65 Clear , 2 fl oz -LRB- 59 ml -RRB-
 Bought this for my wife and she loves it , she was able to match it perfectly to her skin tone . The product comes with 2 additional bottles so you can make clearer or darker and get just the right tone . My wife always complained of other products been too oily or just melting away under the sun . With this one here skin is absolutely dry . Will definately be getting more .
 great for blocking harmful sun rays , as well providing a physical barrier against the elements . Works better as a fondation than all the other ones Ive ever tried . Simply love this product , never am without . More affordable then any foundation near its calliber would be !
 Found this highest rated on Consumer Reports so ordered it . Was not too thrilled with it . Regular ones are OK too .
 I really like this product because It doubles as makeup . You can mix the color to match your skin and it does a great job of protecting your skin from the suns rays .
 If you want full-range sun protection , there is nothing better than Fallene Total Block . This one is clear . The tinted version provides EXCELLENT makeup quality coverage . Because you manage the tint yourself , you can make it as dark or as light as you want it .
 I have trouble with sunscreen causing breakouts and this almost never causes blemishes . I also have come to hate the smell of typical sunscreen and this does n't have that smell . I have light to medium tone Caucasian skin with some yellow undertones and this is so thick it can double as foundation makeup . It says it dries clear , but it 's a little chalky and would probably really look bad if you have dark or ethnic skin . I have read that the tinted kind does n't blend well with Asian skin .
 I live in California and have very fair skin -LRB- blond hair , blue eyes -RRB- . Most sunblocks I have tried have not worked as promised , even those recommended by my dermatologist -LRB- I 've tried MD Forte , Solaray , Solbar , and many others - from the cheap stuff to the expensive brands -RRB- . I have found in the past that even when I apply 30-60 SFP sunscreens during the day , I still get some color in my cheeks - the issue with year-round sunny climates is that even when you are going about your day , driving and shopping and so forth , you are exposed to damaging sun . In addition , I have an indulgence -- I love to bicycle at the beach during the daytime on occasion . Nothing worked until I tried Fallene . It is not a miracle product ... I 'm sure that if I was in the sun 8 solid hours and applied this product every 2 hours , I would still get a tiny amount of color . However , the WATERPROOF Fallene product works like a charm for the 2-hour bicycle rides - seriously , I get NO color , and the regular SPF 68 product works beautifully for all-day year-round protection . It is the first time I have ever been satisfied with a sunscreen . I like that it is thick , because a little goes a long way . I also can prone to break out , and I have had no problems with this product . Very high quality . If you 're fair-skinned , this is the only thing that will work . Be sure to shop around on the internet , as you can get good discounts on it .
 I recieved samples of the Total Block clear spf 60 and COTZ clear spf 58 from my dermatologist . I love them both ! I wear Bare Minerals foundation and normal sunblock leaves my skin with a sticky feel to it which makes my make up cake on . Total block is not greasey or sticky and gives geat coverage . I 've noticed my complection to be smoother and have n't been wearing foundation lately . It is the best product to use on the face . I have n't had a problem with the color either . I 'm chinese and tan very easily so I 'm light in the winter and med in the summer - the clear blends really well - the tinted one is too light for my skin . I would recommend this product to anyone wanting to prevent sun damage .
 My dermatologist recommended Total Block while I was using bleaching creme to rid my fair skin face of dark spots caused by the sun . Once the spots were gone , I continued to use this product as my foundation b/c of it 's incredible coverage yet it 's so light . It has SPF 60 and can be color matched to your skin - any time of year b/c of the self-tinting packages it comes with . When I was pregnant I used this product to avoid getting dark spots of pregnancy from sun exposure . I adore this product and highly recommend it to anyone who wants SPF and incredible coverage . -LRB- Amazon has the best price on the web - trust me , i 've searched ! -RRB-
 For years I have had many a vacation ruined because I break out in hives with very little exposure to the sun . After my dermatologist recommended this product I tried it . Two vacations later ... Not a single hive or sunburn . Well worth the price . Actually goes pretty far also .
 I had use Total block 65 and now 60 . Total Block 65 is a great but 60 is even better . It give a light cover up . Since not many of us have even skin tone . This product provide great result and yet does n't have the unnatural look . I love it and I will buy it again .
 This product was recommended by my dermatologist after my Thermage treatment -LRB- much better than a facelift and much cheaper , too ! -RRB- . It 's a good product , but the only drawback is that the zinc oxide in it -LRB- which probably gives it the high SPF # -RRB- leaves my skin with a whitish cast . I have to apply foundation over it to return my skin to its natural color . Perhaps next time I 'll try the tinted version of the product ... I 've been using the Neutrogena Ultra-Sheer Dry Touch sunblock which smells great and is instantly absorbed .
 I have discoid lupus and I am not supposed to be out in the sun without protection , when I get a break out from the lupus it is always on my face and since I started using this product I have not had any break outs from discoid lupis on my face . It is great sun protection and a great cover up , makes my face look flawless and I think it even minimizes my wrinkles !
 This product is an excellent choice for sunscreen !!!! Although it does have a whitish appearance on the skin when applied , it usually disappears after proper application or mixing with a moisturizer . Other than that it is excellent !
 I live in Florida and this product was recommended by my Dermatologist . I found it on Amazon.com and ordered it immediately . I find it works very well , the only drawback is that is is tinted and often rubs off on my clothes especially since I have to apply it to the back of my neck . Today I found and purchased Fallene Total Block CLEAR Sunblock , SPF 65 and I am anxious to try it ! Either way , Fallene makes a wondeful product for people like me who are so sensitive to the sun .
 Perfect addition to my makeup collection ! Was n't sure at first if it was real , but after receiving and using , can definitely tell it is real or a real good fake ! Highly recommend !
 Me llego a tiempo , Excelente producto , lo recomiendo , Saludos !!! -LRB- a b c d e f g h i j k i j k -RRB-
 I really like this concealer ! It applies so nicely on my face and the color is very natural so it blends in with my pale skin perfectly . The only reason I gave it 4 stars is because of the smell of the concealer . Its like a `` baby powder '' smell which I 'm not very fond of , but other than that , this concealer is wonderful !
 This is a must have concealer for me . It 's not heavy or `` cakey '' compared to some of the other concealers I have tried in the past . The shipping was ultra fast and price was right for the product . I do have to admit I wish it concealed zits a little bit better , but in overall , a very excellent product . I will buy again in this packaging vs , the stick version .
 awesome , it had really nice coverage for my uneven skin-tone color . I bought NC35 which was just a tid too dark , but overall it was rly good .
 Besides getting exactly what I wanted , I also got it at a discount . You can miss with a MAC purchase .
 I love this cream & used it for many years , It makes my skin so soft , & smoothes out wrinkles around my eyes and mouth . I work out in the sun and get a lot of sun spots , but it magically makse them disappear . A tube lasts forever because you only need a little dime size amount at a time . I was amazed to see someone give it a bad rating , I suggest you try it again maybe you got a bad tube , I think you will be quite surprised at the great results you get .
 I love this product and wish I could get it locally , but it 's worth paying for the shipping . It 's the only product I 've found so far that tightens up my sagging jowls . I have n't found anything else that even comes close .
 My sister bought me this for my birthday ... a year ago . I have * made * it last for a year because a -RRB- it 's that good and b -RRB- it 's pretty expensive for bodywash . Who knows if I 'll get anymore of it for another gift ... got ta MAKE IT LAST ! Literally , you can shower and hang the washcloth in the shower , and for days afterward the great scent stays in the room . And it smells just that good when you 're showering and afterward . I 'd highly recommend this stuff . -LRB- ps , I have a shaved head so I have never used it on my hair -RRB-
 If you grew up loving Jean Nate , and still like a fresh dose of citrus with your morning splash , this is a ET with both that lemony tang and a depth of bottom notes to make it richer and more interesting than JN and most other citrus/lemon scents . Utterly omnisexual , you would love this on your spouse or on yourself . Interesting without being too challenging ; just a nice , fresh , genuine citrus that never smells cheap or fake .
 I like woody fragrances and this is good for people like me.It is not too strong and is perfect for everyday use .
 I was gifted with this scent years ago and now know why . It 's the perfect gift for men or women , works for both . Of any scent I 've worn consistently , this one gets the most compliments . Best lasting power , too.Light and oh so pleasing ... I enjoy gifting others with it and find they 're soon buying it for themselves .
 Mac Cosmetics Studio Finish Concealer is the best concealer I have ever found . I have a large facial scar on my left cheek from a previous surgery that is difficult to cover up but the Mac Studio Finish concealer hides it completely and makes it invisible . It comes in a wide range of shades.Thank you Mac Cosmetics !! I am forever grateful !
 I have been using this for about 4 months now -- my hairdresser used this and I always wondered how he got my hair so shiny and sleek with his flat iron when the -LRB- cheaper -RRB- flat iron I had at home didnt do that for me . I bought this and get salon results at home . The best part is that my hair is not damaged at all , despite me using this every other day , sometimes daily.heats up quickly , does a fabulous job straightening and leaving my hair shiny -- ca n't live without this now !!!
 This is my 3rd review of a Bio-Ionic product and in all cases the reviews are GREAT . I shopped on-line for all my Christmas presents and stuck with the Bio-Ionic products because I had read good reviews . My wife is so happy with the products that she has thrown away all her other hair products . This iron worked so good on her hair that she also threw away several bottles of chemicals that she used to use . After using the iron she stood in front of the mirror for hours admiring her hair and could not believe the results . Her hair was soft , straight and full of body . She said that for the 1st time ever she was able to see the layers in her hair the way it was meant to be seen . I do n't really know what that means , but all that matters to me is that my wife is very happy ! I 'm buying another one for our daughter because they 've already started fighting over who gets to use it .
 This is an awesome buy . I got this today and tried it it left my hair so straight -LRB- my hair is wavy -RRB- and soft it was unbelievable!I recommend this iron to anyone . I did my hair in a quarter of the time I used to with a blow dryer -LRB- my hair is down my waist-and it took me like 30 minutes -RRB- . It truly is worth the extra money and your hair does n't smell like burnt !
 This iron is definitely worth the money . You do get salon results at home . Your hair looks so healthy and silky after being ironed . Love it , cant live without it !!!
 I am a hairstylist , and have used MANY different irons . . Crocs , Chi , FHI , GHD , you name it I 've tried it . Obviously using a flat iron every day all day would make it give out sooner , but everything was dying in like 4 months . . WAY too soon ! I bought this one because it had a 5 year manufacturer 's warranty . And for the first year , if anything happened I could just bring it back and get it replaced , no questions asked - although I 'm not sure how it works on amazon for the first year . When I do Brazilian straightener 's , I use my croc because it gets to 450 and the OnePass is only 400 . But even then , I run over the hair with huge sections afterward with the OnePass . It gives it much more shine and sleekness . I love this iron . Totally recommend it , it 's the best I 've ever used !
 Gave flat iron to my grand-daughter for Christmas . She likes it very much and uses it daily so it was a good choice .
 This was my wife 's birthday present , she swears this is the best straightner she has ever owned . She loves it . Great product , would recomend to anyone .
 I bought it for my girlfriend . Prior to this I got her a chi , which only lasted a month . Hella satisfied . Thanks a bunch .
 great straightner . I have very curly hair and this straightner really worked . It was no problem to get my hair straight and the best part is that it really does smooth the hair . Made the hair look shiny and healthy . Love this straightner and would recommend it to a friend .
 i have tried steam straiteners and this is the best conair aint got nothing on this product or maxiglide love it am buying freestyle soon and dryer
 I got this flat iron 5 years ago after my stylist recommended it and it still works perfectly ! It makes my long , thick hair smooth and of course very straight and my hair does n't feel damaged after using it . Whenever I forget to bring my flat iron when I 'm at a friend 's house I definitely notice the difference when I use theirs , this one is far superior ! This flat iron is way better than the CHI 's and it lasts longer too !
 This iron replaced a BaByliss that we 've had for a few years . It definitely seems to smooth the hair more and there are fewer `` stray '' hairs that stick out . The iron glides over my daughter 's thick but fine hair -LRB- at top temp -RRB- and she has noticed that at her end , the iron does not seem as hot and threatening . We went from the 1.5 inch to the 1 inch even though her hair is long . I find it easier to handle and to get to the roots , with no negative impact -LRB- I thought you needed a bigger iron the longer the hair -RRB- . As well , the BaByliss seemsto catch and pull the hair while the ProIonic does not . Quite happy with this purchase ...
 I am using this straightener for over 2 years . I am really enjoying . Still working as a new one . No regrets . Definitely will recommend it .
 It is slim , It is sleek , it heats up fast and it makes my hair smooth straight in no time . I have fizzy hair and this product is able to tame my hair with one or two swipes . My hair is med length long.I have used the CHI hair straighter and I find this better than the CHI .
 This straightening iron is great . It does n't damage your hair because it is ceramic . You can control the heat setting so if you do n't want it to be really hot . I like that it is flat but some people might not because it would n't be good if you wanted to curl your hair with it .
 I saved about $ 100.00 buying it here . I first encountered this flat iron at the salon I normally go to . Luckily I did not buy from them and checked out Amazon saving me a lot of money . Go for it one of the best flat iron on the market coming from a girl with very curly hair .
 Well I must say after one year I am happy it is still going strong -LRB- knock on wood -RRB- . And although I like this straightener , I still prefer my GHD instead as it glides nicer on my thick curly hair . I am just happy that it has made it a year as prior to this purchase and my GHD , I owed three CHIs , all of which would last only a year and then magically die right after the warranty was up :-LRB- Great price , overall great straightener !
 I saw someone who knows about hair used this product , so I bought it here . The flat iron is great , and its shipment was on time , too . However , the more you use the flat iron , your hair will more likely depend on it next time . I use it with hair conditioning , special shampoo , and hair repair stuff to replenish my ironed caused dry hair . All iron affects hair 's quality , but this iron works magically when you use every time after you shampoo your hair .
 I actually started using this as lubricant at the recommendation of my ob/gyn , but this stuff is great for lots of uses . I have really dry skin around my hairline and a tiny dab just after showering does more than any thick moisturizer has . Put it in a pretty glass bottle with the money you 'll probably save . Sorry to sound like an infomercial but I find new uses for this all the time .
 LOVE LOVE LOVE this oil , for it 's not greasy like other oils for your skin . Hands down , the smell is wonderful ! I recommend getting a scented one , like the one I purchased `` Lavender '' . I loved the price and free shipping : -RRB-
 OK , maybe I 'm genetically blessed w / good skin , it 's possible , but I can honestly say that I 've used this product for 20 years and almost feel like I ca n't live without it . After the morning shower , I 've always covered my body with it from the neck down . I rub whatever 's left on my hands around my eyes , trying to keep those crow 's feet at bay . You CAN NOT dress immediately afterwards because it is very oily and needs to soak into the skin for a bit , but not too long . I 'm 40 now & no one ever guesses my age - heck , I still get carded . I 'm a firm believer in the usefulness of this product . Oh , and it 's GREAT for massage .
 this stuff is incredible ! all natural collection of oils and vitamin E are soothing and do not upset my sensitive skin . works wonders from head to toe
 My skin had been really dry lately and have started using this product . I love the way it smells and it makes my skin glow . I also use this as an oil base when I exfoliate which I LOVE . I add this product , brown sugar , and a little apricote oil and exfoliate whoa la , this leaves my skin super smooth and beautiful .
 I love this stuff . In the past when i have used oils on my skin , they kind of just sit in the spot where I put them and are hard to rub in , leave me feeling greasy and then the skin underneath is still dry , but with a coating of oil on it . This stuff rubs in really well and keeps my dry winter skin at bay . I only use it in winder , in the summer I go for something lighter .
 This was the BEST product I found to prevent stretch marks during pregnancy . The ingredients are natural , not tested on animals , and did not irritate my sensitive skin . It also works to prevent cracked nipples while breastfeeding .
 Love it !!! My skin is super dry and sensitive . I honestly tried everything ... I also use a little for my dry hair . It has worked better than the hair products , just cant use too much because it spreads very easily . Literally , use a pea size amount for your hair . Not too oily for my skin and it Blends it very well . My skin stays soft all day and not oily . Does not irritate my skin at all . I really love it ! I will buy more when i am out with this bottle
 I get massages all the time , and have for decades , there 's are qualities I am always looking for in a massage produce . This Oil does n't soak in too fast , and is n't too slippery . I like an oil that has enough friction , if it 's too slippery it 's no good for deep tissue work.I love the smell of this oil , too . It smells like Marzipan .
 Purchase 5 bottles and gave a few away as gifts . Great product for the price . Makes my skin soft and silky . I will absolutely purchase more .
 This was a gift and she said she liked it as it smelled great and was great to use ? But i never hear more ? I know i liked it smelling thru the pkg !!
 I have been wanting to try MACs LipGlass for a while now . I finally broke down and bought this one . . Underage is a nice color . More of a `` peachy nude '' on me than a pink which was fine by me ! I am giving this a four for a couple of reasons.Although I did like this and will continue to use it until it is gone , I do n't think I will purchase it again . Definitely not going on my list of `` ca n't live without '' items .1 -RRB- It is pretty sticky - I am more of a fan of `` matte '' type finishes , I guess . But even that is n't bothersome -LRB- unless you end up in a windstorm and have long hair like me . Then prepare for a task comparable to a surgical operation to separate the hair from the gloss -RRB- .2 -RRB- Price - I think that almost 22 -LRB- with shipping -RRB- is way too much for this . Again - it was nice . . But not 22 dollars nice .
 I have been very particular about the household and personal hygiene products I use as of late . Products I look for a rooted in organic - all natural -LRB- redundant ? lolz -RRB- not tested on animals , and products that are biodegradable/recyclable packaging . I have read a great deal about the benefits of Celtic Sea salt . After visiting the website for Selina I was very impressed by their website and the variety of products they offered and awesome customer service . Also , an added bonus , its a female owned company . I did not purchase my products via Amazon , but through their website . The turnaround was quick and they enclosed a coupon for my next order . Cheers
 Blue Magic Coconut Oil Hair ConditionerPro-Line Perm Repair Family Size 8 oz . JarI love this product , I have very thick -LRB- Afro-Indian mixed -RRB- and long hair that tends to be dry because i ca n't use to many products as it makes my skin break out . Perm repair takes the frizz out and leaves it moisturized and smelling great!I 'll use perm repair along with blue magic hair conditioner and i am set , and it 's safe to use on the kids too . The problem is I ca n't get it at any local stores and the shipping cost is almost double the cost of the product , Pro-line help a girl out nah !
 i remember using this product it was the balm . i loved it was good for my hair.it seems like everytime u have a good product out there . it fades away.or they put something new out there.that makes people stray away from the good old products . & head for the new.then the good old products start loosing there cust . & $ $ $ $ . but hopefully these products will make a comeback .
 I hate cologne and loud smelling fragrace -- whether on other men or on women . For me , I get headaches even when I wear cologne myself . But , I do like to smell good and so , I depend on great smelling products like great shampoo , neutragena body wash and acqua di parma powder.I was first introduced to this product when I was looking for a substitute for baby powder to keep me dry in the hot summers of DC . Come on , as a metro sexual , I wanted to small fresh and clean but not newly diapered -- smile.The price was a bit off putting at first but I gave it a try . Now that I m hooked , I cant commence dressing myself before using Acqua di Parma . Its got a great and subtle smell.Not sure I want too may people digging this review and ordering it as its unique scent has become my signature . oh well , go ahead and check out the scent -LRB- Neiman Marcus or elsewhere -RRB- but buy at Amazon or the web . The savings is not that much better but at this prize every penny counts
 I got this cologne as a present for my husband since he loves it and I do too . Buying perfumes or cologne when you are married should be something that is done as a couple since you BOTH are going to smell it all day long.That said , I highly recommend it . Being a cologne it is not strong as many perfumes , but it lasts for a while with a nice smell . It is `` citrusy '' but not like having a lime stuck under your nose and I associate it with Summer , happy moments and it reminds him of the time he lived in Italy.Also , it was VERY hard to find since it 's made in Italy and apparently few people carry it in the US.I hope this helps!Gloria
 I read about Acqua Di Parma Colonia cologne/perfume when i was reading a website about Hollywood stars and their scents . As this product is a unisex cologne and was used by Audrey Hepburn and David Niven and is now also a favorite of Sandra Bullock . It has wonderful deep citrus scents and changes on the body after time . Its the chameleon of the scent world . A timeless classic . I own it and love it
 I had read about Acqua Di Parma online , and I started investigating it a bit.There are n't too many places around that carry it , so when I found it online , I wasexcited to order it and try it out.From the descriptions of it , I was n't too sure what to expect , ` notes of citrus ' etc.What I found when I actually tried the cologne was something very unexpected . It 's a veryclean scent , almost soap-like and I could n't stop myself from smelling it and trying to figure out thedifferent scent layers.What I discovered was that the longer I spent with the cologne , the more I liked itand frankly , now I use it as the gold standard when trying other scents . For years I 've lookedfor a signature scent , something that would just be me and I think I 've found it.Light , fresh and clean .
 I have been wearing this for years ; I had read about it being an old fragrance and that was reissued several years ago . It is a unisex fragrance and has a light , citrusy scent thats not overpowering . Its not something I wear everyday , but when I am going out or what a little pick me up . The packaging is simple and classic as is the bottle design . I love it !
 Very yummy citrus-based scent . It 's very invigorating . And when you start to sweat it actually reactivates and you smell even better . I love both the cologne and deodorant . Of course you should always smell it on your own skin before buying any quantity . For me , this is a keeper .
 The best cologne I 've ever worn . Expensive , smells that way , and worth every penny . You 're not going to find anybody wearing it either . Very exclusive . When asked , it 's `` something I picked up in Italy ''
 Great product . Good fragrance - multi use . Used as shampoo and oddly enough works as body fragrance . .
 No need to go over what everyone else has said about this classic fragrance -LRB- so far as the positives are concerned -RRB- . Fresh , clean , citrus and lemon . Perfect for anytime , anywhere.Most of the negative reviews on this page are referring to the aftershave , deodorant , or the powder , not the cologne spray itself -LRB- which , oddly enough is the ACTUAL item that they chose to review by writing their reviews on this page -RRB- . Anyhow , AdP is a very classic citrus that ca n't be replaced . Whether or not you want to pay the money for it is up to you .
 Its AdP . Think Cary Grant , David Niven . This is the scent used by men of culture , worldwide . Its not Axe .
 I bought this as a gift for my sister-in-law because it smells wonderful and reminds us of our 2005 Mediterranean cruise on Silversea . Ah !
 Sinceramente lo compre para regalar . no puedo dar informaci&oacute;n sobre el producto.De igual manera , el producto tiene buena presentacion .
 Great for Showers . I would recommend to anyone . I took several showers with this product and it was great each time .
 I will admit the Acqua Di Parma Deodorant is very pricy but love the smell and it does the deodorizing job very well . Seems I am not the only one as I have found Acqua Di Parma products at a number of high-end hotels and exclusive resorts -LRB- first found it at the Ritz in Las Angeles -RRB- . And `` no '' I am not a high roller , I just like quality products .
 Works Great , It lasts all day too . Being from Acqua Di Parma though it should be . I live in a hot climate and workout ever morning and this stuff keeps everything cool and dry .
 I got a tube from a friend who returned from Italy , for free . Used it up . It left my hair silky , shiny and smelling great . Was shocked when I saw this price . It 's excellent , but thirty dollars ?
 Grand Amour by Annick Goutal is only sold at the more upscale stores in NYC like Bergdorf Goodmans , and Saks Fifth Avenue . You can not purchase it at Bloomingdale 's they are n't considered upscale enough anymore , -LRB- BS -RRB- , so I 'm real happy that it 's available on Amazon for half the price of retail which is just unheard of these days . My Girlfriend has extravagant taste but she is not tacky . Many perfumes today have a disgusting sweetness that actually makes me physically ill when I come in contact with them . White Diamonds is a good example crappy cheap sickening ladies perfume that makes me squeamish . Grand Amour has a beautifully natural long lasting floral kind of scent that is unlike anything I 've ever experienced . The girlfriend also like Channel , Antonia 's Flowers and some other brands that I ca n't remember off thee top of my head . Hope this Info helps female Amazon shoppers .
 This seems to be the real thing ! The perfume I 've been giving to my mom now for several birthdays . I just sprayed one squirt and took a whiff since it is for her for Mother 's Day . I was rewarded with the soft lovely feminine fragrance I remember . In this world of fakes , this is a real find . Bought thru Beauty Encounter via Amazon at a really sweet price . Nice packaging , too .
 This is a wonderful perfume , bought as a gift . It arrived in time for Christmas and was very inexpensive . All I could hope for .
 Acne sufferers are advised to wash their faces only twice a day in order to avoid skin abuse and oversaturation with product . That 's all good and well , but what do you do when you 're a woman , working a morning/afternoon shift and wipes just do n't get your face feeling clean ? You find a cleanser strong enough to get your makeup off yet light enough not to over dry your pores , that 's what.I use a combination of this Morning Burst cleanser with the matching Scrub Cleanser -LRB- a dime sized dollop - no more -RRB- and it effectively cleans my face makeup . Next , I apply a light coat of Morning Burst moisturizer and I 'm good until the end of the night . The only thing I 'd like to see is a matching moisturizer for this line of Morning Burst products -LRB- only the citrus blend is available as of June 2007 -RRB- . Even if you 're not in need of a makeup remover and just need a light cleanser for an extra cleaning per day , this is a great option .
 I 've been using Biolage Normalizing shampoo for about 17 years . It was recommended by my hair dresser . I have very fine wavy hair that goes limp with any residue that 's left behind -LRB- like most conditioners -RRB- , yet ca n't tolerate harsh cleansing either . This product works for me ! Some of the other Biolage shampoos do not . I think Biolage does a good job of formulating its shampoos for specific hair types .
 My scalp is very oily and so is my hair . I have tried numerous shampoos for oily scalp/hair ; and Matrix Biolage Normalizing Shpampoo is THE ONLY one that works ! I highly recommend this product to anyone that has any oily scalp .
 I love this shampoo ! I have fine , oily hair in great quantities and it 's hard to keep clean . With this product my hair comes out naturally shiny , without needing shine serum . I 'm going to stick with this product . I condition with a Biolage detangling solution . My only issue is that as with every other shampoo out there , my scalp still is rather itchy .
 They changed the label on the bottle from orange to blue , but it 's the same product . I 've never had a deeper cleanse .
 I have the type of hair that gets used to whatever shampoo I use quickly , so over the years I have tried many , many brands of shampoo . With Biolage Normalizing Shampoo , I can use it over and over again without `` getting used to it '' . I 'm on my second 33.8 oz container of it and my hair comes out great day after day ! I am so excited that I found a type of shampoo I can use on a daily basis that does not wind up giving me oily hair from extended use ! My hair does not come out overly dried out , either , but looks shiny and healthy - consistently.The only negative thing I can say about it is the cost . It 's very pricey , so look for the 33.8 ounce sized bottle for the best deal .
 I have been using this shampoo for years . I used to have my hairdresser sister buy it at the beauty supply for wholesale pricing . I moved and ca n't do that anymore . Amazon has a great price and super fast delivery ! Love this shampoo !
 My hair used to be greasy and dandruffy , but now when I started using Biolage normalizing shampoo , it 's shiny , beautiful and smooth ! everyone comments on my awesome hair now .
 I 'm happy with this product . I 'll be back for more when this bottle is empty .
 I 've been using Biolage hydratherapie for the past month , and I love how soft it makes my hair , but it was starting to make my hair look greasy after washing . I read the reviews for the normalizing shampoo , and read a review from someone who had the same problem as I. I have oily hair , and after using a single shampoo for a while , it stops working so well and my hair looks greasy after a wash . I decided to give this shampoo a shot , and so far so good ! It smells great , makes my hair soft and shiny , but no greasy look ! I 'm very happy with this product , and happy with the price as well . At a salon , this would probably run me around $ 40 . Definitely a great buy !
 I have very fine hair that tends to get oily after just one day of being washed . It was terrible ! I have used other BIolage products in the past and totally took a chance on this one and I 'm glad I did ! I have used it once and have gone a full 24hrs without having to wash it again . It left my hair super clean , light and shiny . I will definitely be sticking with this product .
 This shampoo really strips all of the oil and product from your hair to leave it deeply cleaned . I would recommend using it once a week with a conditioner to help maintain less oily hair .
 I have oily hair and this is about the only shampoo that works for me to use regularly and not have to wash my hair every day !!! I love this product for that reason !!
 I have used this shampoo for years after first learning about it at my hairdresser 's . This formula works for me but there are other formulas as well .
 Love it . I love this shampoo . I received it very quick . Reasonable price . I Can see me ordering this again .
 I have very long , very straight , very flat , unstyled and uncolored hair.This is excellent as a clarifying shampoo . It 's not meant for daily use for normal/oily hair/scalp and it 's not meant for too-frequent use for normal/dry hair/scalp . I have an oily scalp with normal hair , and while my scalp was fine , even with conditioner my hair started to turn to straw within 4 or 5 days . It 's simply too harsh for use on its own or for more than 2 or 3 times per week with most hair types . But for use once or twice a week it 's perfect . All you need is a light conditioner and you 're set . It has medium-bodied texture and is lightly scented .
 I have really oily hair and most shampoos do n't do anything to cleanse my hair . I wash it and it 's still looks oily after it dries . This is the only shampoo that leaves my hair looking healthy , shiny , and completely clean ! And even adds some body too . Great product and I have tried almost every clarifying shampoo out there .
 Bought this for my husband who always had oily hair . His hair is never oily as long as he uses this now , and is soft . Not much else to say . A good daily use shampoo .
 Ive been using this shampoo for a few weeks now and I have noticed a little less oil in my hair but it 's not helping fully yet . So Im still giving it a chance . When reading the other reviews about people losing hair , I ca n't complain there . I was losing hair before I started this shampoo and have actually STOPPED losing my hair from using this shampoo . Ive also learned to not use any conditioner now and just stick with the shampoo to help with my oilyness and so far so good .
 My stylist recommended this product . I have fine , short hair and shampoo daily . It works great and I love the scent too !
 Great product and great response time to my order . The shampoo is one of the best , if not `` the '' best '' , cleaning shampoos on the market if used according to the directions provided .
 On time . As described . Smells great . Does n't dry out my hair but still feels very clean . Could n't find in my area . Good size for the price . No spills in delivery .
 My wife has sensitive skin and can not wear many fragrances . She likes this brand and is able to wear it without irrtation . Reasonable price , good scent , and something she can wear makes it an easy choice to get her as a gift .
 My late lovely father who loved buying me perfumes gave me this perfume when I was freshman in college . I did n't like the scent back then , but after 14 years , I found this in AJ Wright , I picked it up coz I was missing my dad so much . I spray this everyday , I notice after rundry , the smell which is very strong initially will gradually change to softly sweet smell . Today I sprayed it at 10:30 am , now it is 12:45 am 14 hours later , I could still smell the trace of the smell on my arms . I love this perfume and am planning to stock up in case it is discontinued !
 It was a gift for my mother and she liked , it frangance is soft and refreshing . It was perfect for her .
 was a birthday gift for my aunt and liked it a lot ... good product , this brand has good perfumes ... is advisable
 ok Okey this product is exelent , the product is fine , beautiful and economic , good choice , my wife is very happy whit tis product
 I have been wearing White Diamond for year 's now so i thought i 'd try some of Elizabeth taylor 's other purfumes so i ordered the Diamonds and Emeralds and i 'm really happy i did ! I love the smell and i 've had many complements on the smell as well . Thank you very much for my order , it is very well appreciated !! Brenda Robarge -LRB- masonj -RRB- .
 We have enjoyed Elizabeth Taylor brand perfumes and scents for quite some time . This one is not on the top of our list -LRB- which of course is very subjective to each person -RRB- , but is still quite a good product and has a scent that is long lasting .
 VERY OLD PERFUME . CAN NO LONGER PURCHASE IN STORES . SO HAPPY TO FIND IT HERE . VERY NICE FRAGRANCE AND LONG LASTING .
 DIAMONDS & EMERALDS by Elizabeth Taylor EDT SPRAY 1.7 OZlight fragrance not overpowering a bit different from the original White Diamonds but just as good . Recommend the smaller bottle for first try then get the larger bottle because you will want to wear it often
 Samsara has been my favorite scent since I first found it at age 19 back in 1990 . I occasionally wear other scents , but this remains my undying favorite . I always receive compliments when I wear it and I 've never tired of it . It is deep and complex scent with a beautiful mystical feeling which always makes me feel sexy and feminine . I recommend the Eau De Parfum simply because it easily lasts all day .
 My Wife is very pleased with this product . Twice as much product for only 2/3 of the costs buying locally . Arrived on time for it to make a nice Christmas gift . Easy to find at amazon.com . I can find just about anything I want to purchase at amazon.com . No need to leave home for shopping .
 This is by far is my favorite perfume . I 've been wearing it since i was seventeen and I always get compliments . Its not a flowery fragrance at all-smells like smoky vanilla and musk at first , then mellows out into somewhat sweet powdery scent . I think its a bit heavy for summer but for the cool months it ca n't be beat .
 This has been my signature scent since the year it came out . I get so many compliments when ever I wear it . FAST shipping & excellent product
 I had forgotten about this perfume ! I used to wear it about 10 years ago and had completely forgotten how much I loved it and when I saw it on Amazon , I knew I had to order it . I admit , I checked the websites of my local department stores and was amazed at how much more they wanted , so I came back and ordered it . Now when I wear it , I 'm reminded of things I did in my &#34; younger &#34; years !
 This is VERY hard to find , so I was grateful to find what looked like the last one on the Internet . It is a gift and the outer box is battered at the edges , but otherwise it 's find . Arrived very quickly and well-packaged . All in all , just fine .
 This is my moms favorite perfume and I got it at a great price . It came brand new in box just as described . I 'm glad I found and will use again .
 I always get asked &#34; what are you wearing &#34; or &#34; you really smell good &#34; . Really nice fragrance . I wear it in the fall and winter
 This is the real deal , genuine &#34; Samsara , Eau De Toilette &#34; in a large 3.4 ounce bottle . Excellent price , protectively well packaged , and it arrived quite quickly . Great vendor , highly recommended !
 I Love Samsara !! I bought it for myself as a Christmas gift !! I 've been wearing it for 10 + yrs !! It 's my Fave !!
 I 've uses samsara for years . Great scent that lasts for hours . Lots of compliments . Not too heavy , flowery or sweet
 My wife likes this product and she isuse it for more 20 years ago and I like it too for many years .
 I have been wearing Samsara for 15 years . It has such a seductive scent that people stop me to ask what perfume I 'm wearing ! I found that no other scent lasted as long or got me such wonderful compliments . I 'm a Samsara user for life !
 Purchashed for my wife . She has gotten alot of compliments on the smell . A very good buy , also because it ` s 4 times cheaper than the best price that I could find here in Brazil .
 Samsara is great . I always get it for my wife for special occasions like anniversaries . This was a good price and online buying is a good convenience .
 I love Samsara . . it is so very very nice ... it 's sexy ... and I get a lot of compliments and a lot of . . OHHHH you smell sooo good : -RRB-
 This is one of the best smelling perfumes of all time . I am always complimented on how good I always smell . I can not smell the perfume throughout the day , but everyone else can , they loved it , so do I. I have tried many others but I always go back to samsara , no matter what .
 Great deal on this magnificent perfume , I couldnt be happier . Its the second time I have used Amazon to purchase this perfume for my mothers Christmas presents !!
 I 've worn Samsara Eau De Toilette by Guerlain for several years which says a lot . Normally , I get bored and move on to a new scent . But Samsara is an addictive scent . It 's light , clean and sensual . Without fail , when I wear it someone notices , likes it , and asks what scent it is . You wo n't be disappointed !
 Received quickly and in perfect condition . Better deal than I could find at any of the department stores . Very pleased .
 I found this sent many years ago when I was in my early twenties and I have always been very fond of it and it has an intrigingly wonderful scent that lasts throughout the day .
 About 10 years ago when my husband was in the Orient , he bought me a bottle of Samsara and I have worn no other perfume since .
 I love this perfume but hate mall perfume counters . This perfume drives me crazy . Do n't know what is in it but I love it on my wife .
 Samsara has captivated the best of the fantasy . I hardly for years tried to convince someone to try other fragances but failed , and Samsara continues to ve the maximum among exquisite and strength .
 If you are drawn to rich Oriental frangrances like Shalimar and Opium this is one for you ! It has become my signature scent and I find that men and women both comment on its complex aroma . The warm vanilla and amber are very relaxing , and the clean smelling cedar is enhanced with bright clear notes of exotic spice.The V'Tae lotions are top quality products that soften and hydrate the skin beautifully . The lotions smell great and are not diluted . When used alone they last all day or they can be paired with the matching parfum for greater intensity.These products are worth every penny , but I think they are quite affordable despite their high quality .
 I have used the V'Tae lavender lotion for several years . Every night , I smoothe it over me , and I tend to sleep much better because its fragrance is soothing and relaxing . I have tried many lavender lotions , and none of their lavender scents compare to V'Tae 's .
 I actually found this line at our State Fair , so I was definately skeptical about State Fair makeup . I ended up trying some samples on my hand , and was impressed with the staying power , so I ended up buying the eyeliner and lipstick . I ended up not using the lipstick much because I do n't wear lipcolor much , but the eyeliner has been amazing.I am very oily , so any pencil/creme based eyeliner just smudged off or wore off very quickly . This product stays in place for hours . I admit , by bedtime , if I have n't washed it off , it smudges off a bit in the inner corner , and I 'm able to just rub it off with my hand at this point , but this is 15-16 hours after putting it on . During the day , this stuff very rarely budges.It creates a very intense black , and I found that sometimes wearing it day after day without using a eye makeup remover will leave a black-blue tint where the product was , but it 's easily wiped away.The alcohol they use for a preservative can really cause a sting if you do n't let it dry out for a few seconds before applying , so it 's not a on-the-run liner , but I 've grown accustom to letting it dry.Besides the price and availability , -LRB- I have n't found a local place to buy it since I saw it at the fair -RRB- , I love this eyeliner and it 's a must have for `` oily eyelids '' !
 Being a contact lens wearer , I 've been using Lip Ink about 15 years and could n't live without it . I use my eye moisturizer at night so there 's no oil on the lids in the morning . Lip Ink has to be applied over completely clean , dry eyes . No oil.The only problem I 've had with the product is it does tend to dry out easily if the cap is n't on tight . This makes it hard to get a smooth , clean line on the lid . Even with careful use , the consistency thickens as it 's exposed to air daily . I use one vial 4-6 weeks before it goes into my purse as an emergency office backup . It 's still usable but it does n't look as good.Recently , Lip Ink had to publish the ingredients in their liner . I was n't surprised to see Sd alcohol 38-B , or denatured alcohol . This is the reason you have to let the wand `` breathe '' before applying , or the fumes sting your eyes . It 's also the reason it sets up like dried paint on your eyelids . Secretly , I 've been known to touch the corners up the next day if I do n't remove it at night . Once on , it stays until it flakes off in a few days . I also find that plain soap and water remove it nicely , as does makeup remover pads or facial cleaning clothes.This product is n't for everyone but I absolutely love it . The only reason I rate it 4 stars is because they should include a small vial of Sd alcohol 38-B to thin it when it thickens . I always feel like I throw a lot of product away but again , I do get a lot of applications for my money .
 I have used this product for several years and have been very satisfied with it . It is very easy to apply compared to other liquid eye liners .
 I love this product . It stays on all day , does n't smudge or wipe off . It 's easy to remove with the Lip Ink remover .
 This is the only eyeliner I will ever use . Stays on all day , does not fade or smear , easy to apply
 After reading about french soaps I decided to give this product a try , I purchased the rose petals fragrance . They shipped my order out faster then I expected which was a plus . It came in a big box with a lot of filler . There was one huge bar of soap inside with a letter telling of the history of this soap how it was hand crafted and took two weeks to make . It was very interesting to know that information . Now about the usage this stuff does work good . I have dry skin so using most american soaps my skin gets dryer and my skin itches . This soap does moisterizes your skin well , and will leave you feeling fresh . I get excited when ever I take a shower now .
 I love this soap . My bathroom smells so good all day long , and the soap does not melt down quickly . It leaves my sking with a fresh fragrance .
 Once you try the DOUX lavender soap it will be hard to use anything else . It has a silky-creamy feel and intoxicating , pure fragrance that are just amazing .
 I highly recommend this product as a gift for someone or purchase as a treat for oneself . The lavender soap is very fragrant and floral and fills the entire room with its scent . This is a soap you will be 100 % guaranteed satisfaction with the product .
 This is great soap . It 's big , and smells great , and it lasts ! My wife loves it . Highly recommended .
 I bought a few for my wife one year and all I can say is its money well spent . If your spouse is happy you are happy .
 To use REAL SOAP is a joy that is difficult to explain . Rich ... Moisturizing ... Sublime ... Real soap making is just beginning to catch on in the US . If you are using all the junk on the typical store shelves , do yourself a favor - try true , natural soap . You 'll never go back - EVER ! Doux is certainly a gold standard for natural soaps .
 I was apprehensive about buying soap online . My package arrived in a timely manner and was well packaged . The smell when I opened the box was amazing ! The bars are huge and they make a thick , silky lather . They even included a coupon ! I plan on ordering more !
 When I was in Provence France , I bought several bars of mimosa soap at a small public market . After returning home and using the soap , I knew I had to find a source for this wonderful soap ! I checked several sites on-line , but only Doux shea butter soaps looked like the bars I had purchased on that wonderful summer day ... When I received the soap , I could not believe it was exactly like my French soap ! The smell , the shape of the bar , the creamy lather . If you ca n't take a trip to France for soap , this site is the next best thing !
 I first bought a bar of this soap in a little shop years ago , before purchasing anything on the internet became commonplace . I loved it so much and went back to buy more , alas ! The little shop was gone and I had forgotten it 's name . . hey . . I 'm American . . the word `` doux '' does n't just fall off my tongue.Finally , years later , found it again in another little boutique and bought it again . So glad , it 's availabe on the internet now . Quite simply , this is the best soap I 've ever used in my life . My shower goes from being a perfunctory chore to a real pleasure and I do n't ever want to leave the tub ! The scent permeates the entire bathroom for hours and you can smell it on your skin like a delicate perfume for long after . Do n't be put off by the price . As long as you do n't leave it under the water spray to melt , it 'll last for weeks , sometimes months for me ! Long after a regular store bar would have melted into nothing , this bar keeps going.Financially , I 'm struggling and I ca n't afford to do many pleasant things , but I have to bath anyway , so I make sure that it 's the best part of my day with this soap.Believe it or not I 'm not being paid by these people , I just love this soap !! LOL !
 My sister really likes this soap ... I told her it was to cover up the smell of the Pastis she drinks !
 I 've used these soaps for years . Always bought them in a florist shop in Ohio . But , now that I live in Arizona , I can just order them online . thank you
 I bought several of the Jasmine DOUX soaps for Christmas gifts and all the people I gave them too really loved the scent . Before they even opened it , the fragrance was there . Very fragrant , I only wish I had bought one for myself .
 This soap smells so nice , is a large bar , and lathers up nicely every time . I love it . This soap is worth trying , do yourself a favor and try it once . It last a long time .
 Even my husband , who does n't give much thought to such things , agrees . Its also very large and lasts a long time . Just do n't drop it on your toes -LRB- ouch ! -RRB- .
 The soap was very nice , it lathered up wonderfully , had a pleasant smell , made my skin extra soft and lasted quite awhile -LRB- quite a large bar -RRB- however considering the price with the added shipping/handling , it would be much cheaper to just pick up something that is just as good , off the shelf at my local Walmart Supercenter .
 Very chic elegant and fresh - I wear it all the time . It will be always be my all time favourite .
 Pleasures is a real women kind of cologne and its accessories like the lotion and the shower gel are in its benefit . I love this shower gel love the smell and the way it makes my skin feel . Youd dont have to nuse the cologne if your not going out you can use the lotion and it intesifies the pleasure . . so to speak . I will be purchasing the redt of the new line of pleasures and would recommend you do the same .
 This was a great product and a great transaction . I have used this product for years and continue to be very pleased .
 This product works great ! I had short , splitting , peeling weak nails . I have been using this for one month as instructed and my nails look great ! No more peeling , nails . They are stronger and longer . Will never be without !
 I agree with the other reviewers , this thing burns like hell , at least for an hour . I wanted to cut my fingers off . LOL . However , I continue using the product . Im currently on my second week and I can still feel the burning sensation , but not as bad as the first days , however , I can see the difference . Dont let the burning discourage you . My coworker was using it at the same time and she did not had any problems . We dont understand why my fingers burned and not hers , our theory is that i had been using gel nails for a few years and not her .
 I 've been using this for a few weeks now and I notice that my nails are sooo much stronger . Do n't know if they actually are growing faster , but they are definitely getting longer because they are n't breaking off nearly as easily . Works great as a top/bottom coat too .
 My wife and her mother use this product often . They say it really does make a difference . They both have beautiful nails !!!!
 Nails look much better after using this product . The only problem is that it emits a strong scent -LRB- might be dangerous around small animals and children -RRB- .
 I use this lack for more than 5 years . It is the best solution for my nails . Thank you to Duri company .
 I used this in college when my nails were getting brittle , and returned after a few years when my nails were looking crappy again . I trimmed my nails down to about only 1mm of nail and started applying this once a day , for 7 days and then removing and starting over . Amazing results after week 2 .
 I totally love this stuff . I got a prescription for it from my dermatologist -LRB- he actually had the bottle at the &#34; front desk &#34; for $ 15 -RRB- , but I skipped that offer and looked on Amazon and got the exact same thing for 1/2 the price . I have recommended this to a number of friends that have ridges in their nails . Just do what the instructions say and your nails will look great !!!!
 I started using this product at the suggestion of my manicurist and would usually purchase it from Her . One time they ran out so I decided to see if I could get it online . I decided to try Amazon since I 'm a Prime member and not only did they have it but it was much less expensive . This product has been great for my nails . I wore acrylic nails for 15 + years and decided to grow out my own nails . It 's been two years now and my nails are strong . Great product . I use it as my base coat and as my top coat .
 This stuff works ! My nails have been weakened by Hashimoto 's Thyroid condition and years and years of wearing acrylic and gel nails . The natural nails were as thin as paper and peeled and chipped for no reason . The Duricoat immediately stopped the peeling and the nails seem to be growing in without ridges . Much better results than with other similar products .
 Absolutely the best nail growth product I 've ever used - and I 've used many ! My nails were a mess after having Gel nails so I gave Rejuvacote a try . My nails are now stronger than they 've ever been . I have a full review of the product at http://over40health-wellness.com/blog/nail-care/gel-nails-a-cautionary-tale .
 I read about this in an Allure magazine and gave it a try . It 's only been two weeks and there 's a remarkable difference in my nails . I 'm more than pleased .
 This is absolutely the best nail restorer I have ever used ! I have always had a problem with my nails . After wearing acrylics for a few years , my nails were horrible ... thin , would n't grow , looked terrible ! I have tried product after product , with no change . After using Rejuvacote for a week , I could tell a difference ! Now , after two months , my nails are unbelievable -- they are strong , pretty , and growing ! Also , when I use this as a top coat , my polish lasts for a week or more without chipping or peeling ! This is a wonderful product ... worth much more than the cost ! I would recommend it to anyone who has problem nails !
 I had problems with brittle , peeling fingernails for years and tried all kinds of remedies.Once I started to use Duri Rejuvacote as nailpolish , nothing else ! , my nails started to look nice and healthy.I have used this now for 3 years , as base coat and top coat.My nails are natural and beautiful thanks to Duri Rejuvacote .
 My nails have never , never been better . A friend recommended Rejuvacote and I tried it . After about a month , my peeling , splitting and generally miserable nails are beautiful . The only problem is that it does wear off quickly if you only have one coat on . If you 're still using it every day that 's not a problem ; you just add another layer .
 My nails are paper thin so I tried Rejuvacote . In 2 weeks , my nails grew and grew strong . I could not believe it ! I can not wrap my nails too sensitive . But this product works ! I need to buy more !
 I love this product . It works great as a clear polish while projecting and nurshing the nails . I have recommended it highly to friends .
 I wore fake nails for over 18 years.I use to be a hair stylist and felt better with longer nails . I wanted to take them off but was afraid that my own nails would be ruined . I searched the web and Amazon had this wonderful product , DURI REJUVACOTE NAIL GROWTH SYSTEM . . I decided to try it . I could not believe the difference in my nails in such a short of time . It only took a few weeks and I have my own nails and they are stronger than they have ever been . I would recommend this product for everyone . It is easy to use and dries fast.Thank you for this great product.Jen
 I have been using Rejuvacote for about a year now and it is the best nail product I have ever used , and I have tried them all . My nails are strong , natural and long.Have recommended it to several girlfriends and they all love it.Julia Roberts RiceCamarillo , CA
 This product reduces dry nails and strengthens them against splitting and chipping . It is the best product I have found for problem nails .
 Great product . My nails are getting harder and finally growing back after years of abuse with acrylic and gel products .
 A great product to help problem nails grow . I highly recommend it , it strengthens and lengthens nails with continuous use .
 I have been using Rejuvacote off and on for the past few years . I have a bad habit of biting my nails , and every time I resolve to let them grow again I use Duri Rejuvacote . As long as I use as directed , it only takes a week or two for my nails to grow back and look nice again . If only I could stick with it !! Maybe this time ...
 The best for your nail I never had my nail so beauitful in my life I have told peopel about it I bought a lot gave them for gifts and now they like it and now they are order this product LOVE IT Ann
 Had `` forever French '' nails for over 3 years . When I stopped getting them done my nails were weak . Used Duri and within 2 weeks , my nails became stronger and longer . I 've been using Duri for over a year now and I would n't switch to another brand . I bring it with me to my nail salon .
 For anyone afraid your nails wo n't grow after removing acrylics think again ! In less than 5 weeks my nails are long , strong and healthy thanks to Rejuvacote . . the ridges from acrylic are the only evidence of 15 yrs of wearing fake nails and in another 4 weeks those will be gone ! I could n't be happier with Rujuvacote ! Wish I had known about it sooner ! I 'm hooked !
 I have never had long nails . I 've always had issues with breakage and splitting and just all around weak nails . I have tried every kind of strengthener and vitamin possible . I purchased the Duri Rejuvacote a month or so ago . I am so amazed by the results . I read all the fabulous reviews on here beforehand but was still skeptical because I 've never been able to grow the nails I wanted . For the first time in my life I have long nails . No splitting or breaking . And I started to notice results about a week after I started using the product . It is seriously amazing and I will recommend this to anyone .
 If you have thin weak nails , this is just for you !! My manicurist told me about rejuvicoat and suggested I give it a try . So very glad I did !! My nails have never been better ! You wo n't be disappointed .
 This product works right away , as long as you use it daily . Made my nails stronger right away . I would recommend this product for sure .
 This is the best product . I do my nails every other day so Im always trying new stuff . This makes my nails hard . I did keep it on for 4 days and not one chip . I have never had that before !!!! It is my holy grail of hardeners . Just try it . Im telling you ! And I didnt get the burning like some people did .
 Love love love I live by this product I always buy 3 at a time !!! Strengthens and hardens your nails by far the best on the market
 My nails were consistently breaking ; with this product they rarely break . Recommended it to my daughter ... her oprinion same as mine . I will absolutely reoder it !
 All I have to say is that it is my second time ordering Duri Rejuvacote . It is the best stuff for strong , long and beautiful nails . The price is excellent also . I always order two bottles and I gave one to my good friend and she already ordered more at Amazon . Great product , great price , great service .
 This keeps the color on my nails so much longer than other top coats . A friend had recommended it to me because she loved it . Try it - it works great !
 Good product ! For growth of nails ... however it does not help nails that are split.Hardens and grows nails . Buy it !
 My nails are begining to look healthy and growing since I begin using it 2 weeks ago!As soon as I used it could feel the results of healthier nails . Am loving it !
 Frist time in over 30 years - yes , 30 years -- I acutally have to CUT my fingernails . My nails were dry & brittle.Have tried probably every nail hardener ever to come out on the market , This is the first product that is beyound fabulous -- place one coat on clean nails as your base coat , then a colored polish if you want to , then REJUVACOTE as my top coat . It dries VERY fast with a great shine . Every night for the next 10 days , I place another coat . Nails become hard as rocks -- FANTASTIC PRODUCT .
 very good product . meets my expections com pletly , i have recomended it to friends who now use it . thank you .
 I just started using about a week ago and can already see a difference ! My nails are actually growing and although one nail did peel , it grew back pretty fast ! I threw away all other nail grow suplliments ! I will only use this !
 My nail technician recommended this product to help nails that had been severely damaged by years of gel and acrylic nail service . I had been left with tissue paper thin nails and they were so weak I was disabled . The peeling and the splitting began to repair within a week and 8 weeks later I had nail growth I consider normal . I will never have the strong nails I was born with - however this product brought me back to health .
 I 'm about to buy my 2nd bottle of this and I just have to write about how great it has been for my nails . I bought a bottle a couple of months ago based on the good reviews . I was hesitant to spend almost $ 10 on yet another `` nail miracle '' , but figured I 'd give it a try . My nails have always been thin and break very easily . As soon as my nails would grow , they 'd break . Since I 've been using this , my nails have not broken at all , and are the longest they 've ever been and look wonderful ! I ca n't believe how nice my nails look ! They are so strong and healthy looking . And , I must add that I 'm a mom at home and I wash dishes all day long and my nails stay strong through it all and this polish stays on . It really holds up through all of the dishwashing and cleaning I do . Definitely recommend this if you have weak brittle nails !
 this is the best on the market . Bought it for a friend who now says her nails are like talons .
 This is the most fabulous product I have found . I did not need my nails to be strenghend . I need my nails to stop splitting and this product has done that .
 I used to have splitting nails . peeling at top so i wore fake nails - but i heard about this polish - now this polish has repaired that . I have long natural nails now ! I put it on daily til they grew & then after they were stronger I just use once a week now . I do paint my nails once a week . .
 I HAVE BEEN USING REJUVACOTE NAIL GROWTH SYSTEM FOR A MONTH NOW AND AM VERY PLEASED WITH THE WAY MY NAILS ARE IMPROVING.THEY WERE IN BAD SHAPE AFTER HAVING ACRYLIC NAILS TAKEN OFF AND I AM SEEING A MARKED IMPROVEMENT IN JUST ONE MONTH . I WILL BE ORDERING MORE OF THIS PRODUCT AND WOULD RECOMMEND IT WITHOUT HESITATION .
 on rejuvacote . i have really weak , broken nails . product makes them stronger and i can grow them longer .
 Worked not as well as I thought it would . My nails are a bit harder but still tend to break . I am not as consistent as I should be applying it though so I gave it four stars .
 I spent tons of money on all sorts of products and systems , promising long , healthy nails . They never worked . I could peel my nails right off and it looked like I was biting them ... until I got myself a bottle of Rejuvacote . I now have nice , hard nails and I am not embarassed to show my hands anymore . I highly recommend this product .
 This was brought for my daughter that had previously used this . It has worked wonders on her nails . They have grown tremendously . The only down sides to this product was that it is n't readily available .
 This is a great product . It shipped very quickly and was a great price.I will definitely buty this product again .
 This item sells in beauty salons because women have their fake nails removed and there sometimes is damage . I 've been using it ever since . It gives nails a nice shine . I love it . You put it on as a base coat , then you can use color , then every day for a week add a coat . You 'll see the difference , if not in one week , definitely in two . Many women use this . It 's very popular .
 I have only been using this product for 3 weeks , it is helping already . My nails are in pretty bad shape , so seeing some of them grow for the first time in years is a miracle . I plan on using up the whole bottle as directed and am praying I will have continued results . Thanks for getting the product to me so quickly !
 I was also hooked from the beginning on this scent -LRB- Lime Leaves -RRB- . Every time I put it on , people ask me if I just got out of the shower . I love it , and have not bought another brand or scent of lotion since . I have a serious problem with allergies , so perfume is not an option - this is the next best thing !
 I bought my first tube of Camille Beckman Glycerine Hand Therapy -LRB- Lime Leaves -RRB- in a hospital gift shop . From the moment I sampled it there , I was hooked . The fragrance is so clean and refreshing ; it soaks in so nicely and is not greasy at all . One unexpected benefit from this lotion was an improvement in the condition of psoriasis on my hands ! Another reviewer complained about the strong smell ; I find the smell absolutely delicious , and it only lasts a few moments before it soaks in and leaves your hands feeling soft and mildly fragrant . My FAVORITE lotion EVER !!
 I have used this product for many years and then suddenly could n't find it . Amazon saved the day ! I am very pleased . Do n't want to be without it !
 I love this product for my type of hair but it is very hard to find.It has the perfect hold for your hair , but it is not greasy looking and not to stiff
 I know everyone here is complaining about the GEL they received when their package arrived . What happened is V05 remodeled their package design . So if you didnt get whats posted in the picture you probably got the new see thru design Extreme Style V05 . I have really pin straight asian hair that only gets straighter when its humid or raining outside . So i wish my hair had texture to it without getting a perm or a body wave . So this GEL is the best . If anyone has seen the commercial to this its about a class of asian students with all straight flat hair and then they run out of class with stylized texturized hair . Its so funny . Anyways stop rating this so LOW because you did not get what you ordered but you did except its in the new design . I just wish they made a GEL that didnt make your hair hard .
 Bought this model for the wife and has been used for a year now . Wife wanted this model after noting it in a previous hotel . Has been reliable , with no issues so far . Retractable cord a plus as everything is kept neat after use . Noise level on par with other hairdryers . Nighlight and lcd clock are also pluses . I 'm ordering another one to install in another bathroom .
 I have used several flat irons , maxiglide , fhi , chi and this one has beat them all !
 I have had my sedu iron for about 2 months . It is , by far , the best flat iron I have ever used . I have very curly hair and had spent quite a bit of money and time straightening it with only mediocre results . My straightening time with this iron is down to about 10-15 minutes -LRB- from 30-45 -RRB- . The multiple heat settings and extremly quick warm up time make this an excellent choice . I recommend following the manufacturers instructions as far as temperature settings . My hair is now smooth , shiny and I have no more breakage . I love my sedu iron !
 Just another curly-haired girl , writing to say that of all the flat irons I 've tried over the last 20 years -LRB- and there 've been a few -RRB- , this is by far the best ! I heats up in minutes and it gets plenty HOT at only the halfway setting ! My hair comes out smooth and soft in a fraction of the time it used to . I love it !
 This product is awesome . . I bought it a couple weeks ago and saw how small the iron was , I was like wow all this hair is suppose to straighten out with this . . but i love it , the sedu does not pull your hair it leaves and incredible shine and my hair is soo bounce and soft . . I 100 % say BUY IT !!!! Its worth it . .
 I have used many kinds of straightening irons , and this is by far the best . My hair feels amazing , and is as straight and smooth as glass . The best part is that it has cut my straightening time in half from blow-drying , and without the frizz ! Well worth the money ...
 I have had many irons and I was very nervous about buying one that was so expensive . There are so many other expensive irons that claim to be good . But this iron even on it 's lowest setting is great . It is a good buy . I would recommend it to anyone .
 I 've been using this iron for about 3 months i can tell that it make difference . Not only that my hair is straight , but it 's also silky and shiny -LRB- compared to the results after hair dryer -RRB- . I have wavy -LRB- not curly -RRB- hair and it takes me about 15-20 minutes to style my hair . And i have a lot of hair ! I 've recommended this iron to a friend of mine who has curly har and she could n't be happier . Just make sure that you use iron protector before using it and you 'll be amaized by results .
 This product straightens my long curly hair quickly and well . Folica delivered quickly . The only reason I give it 4 stars instead of 5 is the price ... but hey it works and my hair comes out nicely and stays relatively straight for about a week .
 I bought this to replace another ceramic iron that I had that broke after 4 + years of almost daily use . This is my fourth flat iron -- one was good , two were bad , and this one seems great so far . I have used this only a few times but I already am hugely impressed with this product ; my hair is straight , shiny , and soft.It is the bad designs of my previous ones that make me appreciate this one so much .1 . It has a high heat setting which allows me to straighten my thick , curly , color-treated hair in only 10 minutes as opposed to 20 or more .2 . The controls are in a location that I wo n't accidentally touch and change .3 . The iron is lightweight and easy to manage -- I do n't have to use both hands on the iron to hold it to keep it closed or to support the weight .4 . The slight curve in the handle makes it easy and comfortable to hold.My previous good iron -LRB- a different brand -RRB- eventually had the electrical problem that others are referring to in their reviews -LRB- a problem in the swivel connection -RRB- and I hope that for this price , that this one lasts just as long as that one did .
 I purchased this flat iron because I 'm tired of spending money to get my hair done at the salon on a regular basis . I was sketpical of buying it , but figured if it did n't work I could return it . I am African-American and I have very thick , curly , long , relaxed hair . I was pleasantly surprised by how well it worked . My hair came out great ! It was thicker and a little less straight than if my stylist did it , but MUCH MUCH better than when I 'd done it in the past . It wo n't replace my stylist unfortunately , but it will make my visits less frequent!If you have ethnic hair this will definitely work for you . I think the only reason I 'm not speaking more praises of the flat iron is because my hair is honestly some of the thickest and hardest to manage that you 'll ever see . Even people at the salon say so ! So , I 'm sure you 'll be more than satisfied !
 To describe my hair , it is pretty curly , somewhat coarse and dry , long and frizzy . I ordered this from another website but wanted to add a review here also for anyone thinking about buying this iron . I have been dedicated to the chi for years now , since I was about 13 . I 've only had 2 CHIs and they lasted about 4-5 years a piece ... so they still worked fairly well , I had no reason to replace them . Never had any complaints until they start getting old , the plates start to come undone and pull the hair.So in my quest for healthier , longer hair , I decided to try the sedu because of all the wonderful reviews and before and after pics I found on the web . I 'm so incredibly glad that I did because my hair feels like silk when I use this thing ! The one thing I noticed that is significantly different from the CHI is the plates . The plates are so smooth , I 'm really not sure how they did it . It glides through the hair like none other and feels fantastic . I do n't feel like I 'm frying and damaging my hair as I did with the CHI . I no longer get the ridge marks from it getting stuck and crimping , so that 's a plus also . It does claim to cut time straightening in half , which is not so much true for me other than the fact that I do n't have to continue straightening the same sections over and over . Once over is all I need . The ends , which are still somewhat damaged , do n't feel like straw anymore . I 'm not sure how that worked out , but it 's very nice ! My main goal was to keep my length and have it at least LOOK healthy , and this performed wonderfully to help me reach that goal.In conclusion , my advice would be to buy it if you are looking for something new , something that will help straighten and maintain your hair until the next wash , and help it to feel silkier , softer and keep it fairly healthy , I would insist you try the Sedu . You wo n't be sorry !!
 I 've tried dozens of straighteners with varying results . The Sedu is the best . It heats up very quickly , and yet , the heat does not damage my hair . My hair is incredibly soft and smooth after using the Sedu . One big frustration with the CHI was that the results were so short-lived . If it was humind , or raining , my hair frizzed right up , and it never stayed straight for the whole day . With the Sedu , my hair is still straight when I go to bed . It 's definitely the best straightener I have ever owned . For me , it is expensive , but worth it .
 I have very thick , curly , frizzy hair and have tried a variety of ways to blow dry my hair straight . Nothing comes even close to this product - Sedu is pure MAGIC ! The result is stunning ! The best part is that your hair does n't have to be wet . You can touch up anytime with no fuss ! I even ordered one for my mother-in-law , it is THAT good !
 I read many reviews on this product and other products similiar to it before deciding on the Sedu . It took me a week to get the product and I anxiously tried it as soon as it arrived . I must say that the products is a dream come true . I am an African American woman and I have never been able to get my hair as straight as I am able to do now , not even when going to the salon . When I went back to work from the weekend , my coworkers all commented on how much longer my hair looked -LRB- because it was truly straight -RRB- . I would recommend this to any woman . I have not been back to the salon in the last 2 months .
 To start with , I 'll describe my hair type . I have longer hair -LRB- about halfway down my back -RRB- , and it 's pretty fine ... but I have a lot of it ! My hair is mostly straight , but gets a few waves in the back from me rushing to dry it as quickly as I can . I first started using my Sedu on just those few wavy areas , but after seeing how great it looked , it was n't long before I started using it on all of my hair . This iron really does give you that nice finished , polished look . My hair is so much more shiny when I use my Sedu . It heats up quickly -LRB- 30 seconds -RRB- , and it heats extremely evenly . I love the polished solid ceramic plates too . They are so smooth , and my hair never gets snagged like it used to with the other irons I 've owned . I also like the fact that the Sedu has adjustable temperature controls . I usually use a heat setting of 320 degrees , which works great for me . I know many people with the harder-to-control hair need that higher temperature of 410 , so it 's nice that this iron has enough heat settings so that anyone can use it ; it 's all a matter of finding the temperature that works best for you.I 've had my Sedu for almost a year now , and it 's always worked wonderfully . Not a single problem yet , and I use this iron daily . I believe some of the older Sedu irons had the adjustable swivel cords , which always seem to cause problems on any brand of flat iron . The newer Sedu irons do not have an adjustable swivel cord , making them less likely to tear up.I do recommend using a heat protectant spray anytime you use your iron . This iron does n't cause near the damage most flat irons do , but it 's still a good idea to use a heat protectant spray , to help provide a little extra defense against heat damage.I really feel like this is one of the better flat irons out there , and the price is great , compared to some of the other professional irons such as the GHD . I think the Sedu is every bit as good , if not better than many of the irons that are more than double the Sedu 's price . If this iron broke today , I can honestly say that I 'm so happy with it that I 'd be ordering another one right away !
 I just love this product.I am not a very `` Girly-Girl '' kinda woman and I am pretty clueless when it comes to the `` How to ... 's '' of the beauty-world . But a friend of mine took me to a beauty salon and they straightend my -LRB- past the shoulder blades -RRB- long hair - and I really really liked it -LRB- so did my husband -RRB- . So , after many failed hair straighteners in the past , I decided to give it another try and go for what the critics -LRB- in the Inet and hair salons -RRB- all called `` the best of the best '' . The price tag was a bit shocking but I thought that if it really works as well as everyone is saying , then it would pay itself off in no time . It has - and it is worth every penny.I can straighten my hair in about 10-15 min -LRB- and I am very clumsy and new at this -RRB- - so this should be a piece of cake for everyone . I love the results , straight , sleek , shiny hair that I always admired on models and movie stars , in minutes without chemicals or other unnatural things .
 Naturally , my hair is very frizzy and poofy . Not so much curly , but wavy and as if every hair is going in a different direction . My previous flat irons were a Hot Tools one and a Bed Head . Using those it took me about an hour to straighten my hair . It was so annoying if I ever had to go somewhere in a hurry after work because I literally needed about 2 to 3 hours to do my hair -LRB- with washing and drying it -RRB- . . so I bought this Sedu . I was AMAZED the first day I got it . . I was able to shower , blow dry , and straighten my hair all in under one hour.Another great thing about this flat iron , is it keeps my hair straight all day long . With my old flat irons , my hair would be straight when I was finished , but within an hour or so it started to get poofy again . And if it was humid or muggy outside ... my hair was DONE for . But I swear , with this flat iron , I no longer have to check the weather before I leave the house .
 This straightener is probably the best straightener I have ever used . It claims to use negative ions in your hair and make it beautiful or something , who knows . I have no Idea what that means , but whatever they did is awesome . Usually it takes about 3 times going over my own strands of hair with a flat iron just to get it straight , and it 's not even shiny or silky smooth , but with the Sedu , I have been able to finish doing my hair in half the time I used to because all it takes it one run through each piece . I even use this to curl my hair , it is a 1.5 inch , but it makes gorgeous curls as well . One thing that I do n't particularly like is how long the cord is , it 's just always getting tangled . Then again , it 's also able to reach really far so I guess it just depends on how you use it . So I would definitely recommend this straightener to anyone who 's serious about just having nice hair , not having a hassle every time they need to get ready in the morning , and who wants a flat iron that will last them for a while.oh p.s. the top of it gets really hot
 I purchased a human hair wig and I used the Sedu flat iron on it . The hair came out bone straight , just the way I like it . I have also tried it on my natural African American hair , and again , the Sedu did not disappoint me . The Sedu is a great flat iron to purchase .
 I bought a Sedu flat iron a few years ago after reading about it being used to straighten Jen Anniston 's hair . So I decided to bite the bullet and buy it . I was so amazed at how silky it left my hair . Reading one of the reviews that said do n't expect it to last long ... well mine only lasted about 1-2 years BUT that was the best my hair ever looked . Mine quit working on me about 2 weeks before my wedding and I did n't have the money to get a new one so I bought a cheap flat iron and have been using it ever since -LRB- going on about a year now -RRB- . My hair looks dull and in some places `` fried '' . So I 'm going back the Sedu b/c I know it will make my hair beautiful again , it 's worth the price even if I have to buy a new one every 1-2 years . I gave 4 stars due to the life expectancy of this flat iron , but if rating on how it will make your hair look I 'd give the full 5 stars .
 this is the best flat iron my family and I have ever used , and we have tried three other brands , plus our salon we go to uses it , they just happended to be out of them at the time I ordered . it does n't need to be very hot either . I like the fact that it has an adjustable heat setting . our hair stays for about 4 days without having to redo or touchup , as long as we put it up in a bun at night.the shipping was fast also!my only complaint is it was supposed to come with a mounting device for free , and I called the company twice and never received it.other than that do n't get any other flatiron . my sister-in-law even changed to the sedu and she has about four others . she likes how it leaves hair shining and silky also .
 I bought this straightener -LRB- the 1 inch -RRB- after my CHI turbo broke on me after 5 months . The sedu works just as well on my hair as the chi did , and it feels a lot smoother on my hair than the CHI . My first Sedu broke on me after 5 months as well , but I had saved my receipt this time and had a free 1 year warranty from the website I bought it at . I had to pay shipping to send the broken one in and I believe a 10 dollar check . That 's the only reason i put 4 stars instead of 5 . But they sent me a new one and I have had it for almost a year with no problems ! I do n't see why you would need to touch the outside of the plates . I use one hand to hold the piece of hair and the other on the handle of the sedu . Oh and i forgot . . it is super light weight ! did i mention that i love this product ?? = -RRB-
 This is the greatest flat iron you could ever ask for . It saves so much time to straighten your hair . If you can spend the extra dollars go for this iron , you wont regret it .
 I did a lot of research before buying this flat iron since the price tag was higher than the ones you find at retail stores , but I have to admit I 'm glad I purchased this item.I am Hispanic and I have thick , wavy and long hair . My routine includes blow dry and then flat iron to get results remotely close to what I get at the salon ... but I was never 100 % successful until I got this iron . I went from getting my hair kind of looking good in about 50-60 minutes , to looking perfect in about 25 min.I ca n't say anything about the longevity of the product since I only got my iron about a month ago , but I certainly hope it lasts more than a year ... I love it so far.At first I was using it at the highest setting , but my hair was getting a little dry , so I lowered the temp and got great results and my hair still looks great . . I only use it once or twice a week . I was using the highest setting since my old iron never got hot enough no matter how much I tried.I think it is important that you use some type of heat protectant for your hair , and as many other reviewers stated , the body of the iron does get hot , but as long as you are a little careful it should n't cause any issues . It does n't have a lock to keep the iron closed when not in use , but I 'm getting used to it .
 This product worked great on my naturally frizzy and curly hair . It is quicker and lasts longer the any of my previous flat irons and I have tried quite a few ! The only thing I would mention is that it does not have an auto shut off feature . This is more an issue with my memory than the product , but worth mentioning .
 I 've had this iron for 3 years and it still works as good as new . It 's the best flat iron I have ever used . Period .
 literally does it all . straightens , curls , leaves your hair soft and shines in the light . the light on it is so cute . . does n't pull or snag your hair . i 'm in love .
 Soft , shiny , straight hair that last until you wash it again is what you get when you use this little beauty . still want the chi ? think about this for a minute . with the chi , while great , you have run the iron over you hair a few timess to get it straight . with the Sedu -- nope . twice max and maybe not even that .
 I really like this . I have very thick hair , and LOTS OF IT ! Got ta say it lives my hair super straight , and my hair feels great . It does it 's job .
 Great flat iron , really does improve the feel and health of the hair . Works fast , heats up in seconds and has temperature control since I have sensitive hair and need less heat . One minor thing , the plates are thin so if you use your other hand to help push them or roll it thru the hair , it can be hot - not a big deal but worth mentioning .
 This iron works , and this iron works for Afro-american hair . It does get hot so be careful . This was a good buy for me . So you want be wasting your money.Obedience Is Better Than Sacrifice
 This is the second time in the past 3 years that we have ordered this product and it is great every time . It lasted a long time , after much use , and we were able to get the same one again for the same low price . Thank you Amazon !!
 I call the Sedu `` My Magic Wand '' . I highly recommend this product . It is worth the money . Wait an extra month or two if you must , to save the extra cash because it is WORTH the wait.Just let your hair air dry after washing it , for about 30 minutes , then you wo n't have to blow dry for too long . Use a good brush to blow dry , just to get completely dry and soft . No need for pulling hair , because the Sedu will do the work for you . Slide the Sedu at a slow and steady pace on small sections of hair and you will see amazing results . Simply take your time doign it , and you might just finish faster than if you try to rush through it . Do it once , do it right and enjoy your beautiful hair.If your have curly hair , you might need to retouch your hair when you wake up in the morning , but just a little bit , a few minutes . I hope this was helpful .
 The day I discovered the ceramic flat iron was a happy day for me , indeed ! I have always loved straight , sily-smooth hair . I had that kind of hair myself until about 5th grade . Ever since then , I 've had weird waves and a big struggle on my hands . A blow dryer , paddle brush , a bunch of time , and lots of product were not cutting it . Even at the salon it took the stylist over an hour to blow my hair out , and the finished product was not as straight as I wanted it . I live in the very humid deep South , which does n't help the situation . Needless to say , I was very happy the first time I used a modern ceramic flat iron and acquired one as soon as I could afford it.The first flat iron I had was great -- while it lasted , which was for about a year . After that one bit the dust , I was so disappointed . I missed my beautiful flat ironed hair , but was wary to spend that kind of money for a product with such a short lifespan . I tried a cheaper model that had good reviews on Amazon , but I found that my type of hair really needs a heavy-duty product with variable heat . Lesson learned
 I am African American with very dry hair I got this as a gift and it is worth every penny . Other irons have straightened my hair but this one leaves it straighter and silkier . Its just like going to the salon . All I do is add a little chi silk infusion and my hair is silky , smooth , and bouncy . I recommend this iron to everyone .
 I 've owned my Sedu for 2 years now . I have droppped it countless times on my MARBLE floor , gotten it soaking wet , and brought it all over the world with me and it still works as well as it did the day I took it out of the package.I have extremely thick , frizzy , and wavy/curly/unruly hair . The Sedu gets my hair looking straight and mirror shiny with only a few passes at my normal too-fast speed and if I take my time and do it the right way , one pass will do the job.I do my bangs with this every morning and occasionally my whole head and it 's the fastest and most effective tool I 've ever used and I 've used them all
 I was skeptical about paying this much for a flat iron , but once I tried it I realized it was worth every penny . It works very well and quickly . The best part , though , is that is glides through your hair so smoothly without any pulling . I have recommended this product to many friends . I have owned mine for over a year now , but have purchased others for gifts .
 I 've been straightening my curly hair for about 5 years now , first I used the conair steam straightener , then I upgraded to the Chi ceramic iron , which worked pretty well for a few years . Recently I noticed it was not working as well anymore . I had seen some good reviews on the Sedu iron , so I decided to give it a try . It works wonderfully , smoothing my curly frizzy hair better than even chemical straightening , which I 've had in the past . I would definitely agree with their claim that it makes hair 3 times smoother . The cost is high , but worth it . Hopefully the iron will last several years to really get your money 's worth .
 After years of using `` cheap '' straighteners , I finally decided to spend a little extra and get something nice . I am so happy that I did . My sister-in-law has been using this straightener for about 2 years now and swears by it -LRB- her hair is very thick and wavey -RRB- . I decided to listen to her and go with it . I 'm able to straighten my hair in half the time of all my other straighteners . It leaves my hair perfectly straight , smooth and actually silky . I find that my hair stays straight even when its humid out -LRB- bye bye frizz -RRB- . For anyone on the fence about this product , go for it ! Do it ! You definitely wo n't regret it !
 For years I had excellent results with a wet to dry professional iron until recently my thick curly hair became slightly more fine and wet to dry irons were making my hair a bit too flat . I did some research and found Sedu to be the top rated , best selling flat iron and thought I would give it a try and I am thrilled , the Sedu truly does deserve its position as the best flat iron out there ! It is not the top selling flat iron for nothing ! It is very light , heats up super fast , glides easily through my hair and makes my hair , smooth , straight and soooo shiny !! It also takes so much less time to straighten my hair with the Sedu ! It also is so effective that you can use a lower heat and be gentler on your hair while getting superior results compared to using a higher heat on other irons . I only need to go up to 360 on the Sedu but with other irons I had to go up to 400 and above and the results were n't nearly as good ! I am also in love with the Sedu Revolution Green 3600 hair dryer which can dry & straighten my curly thick hair extremely fast and leaves it smooth and full of shine ! Thanks to Sedu , I can do my hair much faster then I ever did before and it has never looked better ! Sedu flat iron really is the best flat iron !
 I bought a Sedu straightening iron 5 years ago , and only had to replace it a month ago when my boyfriend dropped it and it broke at the hinge . I decided to try the Chi just for kicks , and after owning it for 1 week it has completely stopped working . There was no temperature setting on the model I bought , and although results were similar , I would have to say the Sedu performed better . I have read that many customers have had trouble getting their straighteners replaced by Farouk -LRB- makers of Chi -RRB- so why not go with a product that I can testify has worked perfectly for 5 years ?
 I love this straightener ! I had always used cheap ones in the past and I can tell a huge difference with the Sedu . My hair has never looked straighter or healthier ! The only thing I did n't like was that it does n't have an auto off feature , but other than that , it 's great .
 Flattens , straightens and smooths hair leaving it shiny and soft . . the best I have found , and I 've tried them all . .
 Ive tried many different flat iron 's , and this one is by far the best . I had my 1 &#34; Sedu for over 6 years with no issues and loved it . I gave it to my sister and got myself the 1.5 . The main reason I love this flat iron so much is because it causes minimal breakage/damage and leaves your hair looking really healthy .
 I had an Enzo milano for 3 years . Found here $ 100 cheaper . My hair super smooth and in less time . Totally worth it . Looks
 My wife has been bugging me for a new flat iron because the one she had was crapping out -LRB- xxxxx beauty shop flat iron -RRB- . So I did my home work and this is the one that we picked . My biggest complaint that I had with the old flat iron was how long it took for it to heat up/finish her hair -LRB- 1-1 .25 hours -RRB- and the best feature of the Sedu is how fast -LRB- 35-40 minutes -RRB- it gets her hair done -LRB- thick black curly/wavey hair -RRB- . It takes this thing less that 60 seconds -LRB- depending on the setting -RRB- to heat up and it 's ready to go . My wife would definitely recomment this product .
 Great product - works exactly as advertised and lasts for a while . It 's also heating up quickly - so would highly recommend it .
 First , I want to say to those who read this . . I AM 100 % , PURE , UNTOUCH , GRADE A , PUREBREED , CERTIFIED , PANTENT-PENDED PROUD BLACK !!! -LRB- I know this because I have a stamp on my butt . . HA !! -RRB- I am going to be honest . . I have the nappiest hair on the planet , and ca n't nobody tell me otherwise.I went natural about a year ago . I tried everything to starighten my hair , even the old fashion `` hot comb on the stove '' routine . It got straight , but I got burned really bad , not to mention burning out my hair.I bought this flat iron , but did n't use it . I put it in the drawer and forgot about it . My bestfriend came over with her daughter and tell me that she was going to get her hair flat iron at some girls house for $ 25 . That 's when I remember I had it . I told her to try this first.As she was doing her hair , I just stood there with my mouth wide open ! It looked like silk -LRB- no joke -RRB- . Renee -LRB- bestfriend -RRB- started aguing with me . telling me that I never used it , so she should be able to take it . NOT !!! I used it on my all natural hair , and was so happy !! I went over to my mothers house and she was mad . She said I went a whole year trying to grow my relaxer out , just to get a new relaxer . When I told her about my Sedu , She could n't believe it.Thank you Thank you Thank you !!!!!
 I have been doing hair since 1980 's and i 've had numerous hair straightening irons through the years and i have to say i have been able to straighten more hair textures without the frizzy afterlook and not waste a lot of time falling behind ... . one swipe down the hair shaft and it 's perfect ... . all i can say is to all the other hair straighteners out there `` eat your heart out '' SEDU has topped the charts ... . to this day every person looking for a hair iron i recommend Sedu .
 I normally use a mild chemical straightener every 6 months to make my curly hair more manageable . The treated portion of my hair seems to respond the best to this product.I received this iron and immediately used on my curly hair . It came out bone straight in just a few minutes ! Two days later , no change . At that time I washed it and only used a detangler as I normally would , but no other products . After drying it , I used the Sedu , and it looked like someone else 's hair . I 've experimented to see how long it lasts , and today , almost a week later , it has little change . The only difference is the hair in the nape of my neck . I guess when I sweat , that 's the hair that gets wet . Still , a little freeze in the roots seems to give it more body !!! Wow , I 'm soooooooooo happy . This is the hair I always wanted!Update.I am still a very happy customer . I no longer use the chemical straightner !!! My hair is so healthy and versatile now that I feel lucky to have found the perfect solution.To the reviewer who mentioned that all positive reviews get $ 5
 Like everyone , I was reluctant to spend so much money on a flat iron . However , after buying three cheap flat irons and having them short out , I decided it was time for a real salon quality one . I chose the Sedu because it did n't have a slough of complaints for it shorting out on both amazon reviews and other sites.The first thing you notice about the sedu is that it is so light . It feels like nothing in your hands . It straightens your hair immediately with one pass . My hair looks just as good as when my stylist does it , and I did it myself in very little time!I highly reccomend this product . It 's worth the price !
 Sure , 120 dollars is a WHOLE lot of money for a flat iron , but I took the plunge like a few other people because I was tired of the frizzy mess I got after blow drying my very wavy hair . All my life I wanted to be able to have sleek , pin straight , glossy/shiny hair . I was never able to quite achieve that with my blow dryer or drug store anti-frizz serum . Well look no further you guys ! This flat iron really , really works ... and works well !! Even if you have really curly thick hair , using the iron will give you a straight , super soft mane as if you just walked out of the salon . I really think after 5 or 6 uses , this iron pays for itself because let me tell you , you will h ave it for many , many years . Its one of the those beauty products you discover and you cant stop talking about it because finally something worked for you ! I felt the same way . I am really glad I took the risk and bought it . Its a great , light weight , good looking flat iron that gets hot enough to take care of the coarset hair without damaging it . My hair looks healthier then it ever has in yeaaaaars.And it doesnt take a long time to do ! One or 2 swipes and your done :-RRB- I have never written a review before for Amazon , so you can see I had to be really excited to take the time out . I hope this helps you guys :-RRB- - D.K.F , Long Island , New York
 My hair has always been thick , coarse , wiry , wavy and hard to manage . I tried two cheaper , well-known flat irons with mediocre results . It took a long time and if I was n't careful my hair looked fried . I bought this Sedu because of great reviews and could n't be happier . I now have slick , straight hair or I can put a little wave in by angling the Sedu . It now takes 15 minutes or less to do my medium-length , layered hair . I just keep my hair well conditioned . I love it . It 's definitely well worth the price !
 The Sedu is the best straightener I have ever used !!! I am have VERY curly hair that I have NEVER been able to straighten without tons of blowdrying and several passes with a flat iron . Plus tons of product , which doens ' t hold up in high humidty or rain . After all the work , my hair was still not completely straight . The Sedu takes one pass over the hair . I highly recommend the Sedu !!! My hair looked like glass after the first use and the straightening took less than 10 minutes . I live in Maryland where the weather here lately has been very hot and humid ... the hottest all summer . With a normal straightner my hair would frizz up instantly , but not with the Sedu . It is absolutely one of the best beauty products I have ever bought ! You will not regret your purchase !
 -LRB- ... -RRB- -- out of all the flat irons listed this one had the best rating . Boy am I happy i picked this one ! Wow . I have used it now for 4 months and it is the best hair care appliance I have ever had . Sure , you 're gon na shell out some bucks for this , but I am a true believer in paying for quality -- in food , in clothes AND IN HAIR CARE APPLIANCES ! This is a good product that gives me salon style -- I will never go back to cheap $ 15 flat irons again . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 This is the 2nd Sedu I 've purchased - the first was for myself , and the second for my younger sister . It is hands down THE BEST flat iron out there - I have very thick wavy hair and this cuts my flat ironing time in half and gives unbelievable results . Do n't even bother looking for another/better flat iron - this one is the best !
 Love , the product . . wide plates and quick straightening . You will never find yourself smelling a very hot plate , also it does not not ever burn your scalp . this product worked for me less than a year until one day it just stopped working .
 Ever since I discovered ceramic flat irons about ten years ago , I have n't been able to live without one . I 've tried so many different brands from Chi to Fhi to Hai to Solia and Sedu ... Each has its own benefits and detriments . The honest truth about all of them , though , is that none of them last more than a couple of years . The wiring goes out or the casing cracks . Or they just die . Either way , no matter which brand you choose , unless you 're the most careful person on the planet , you are n't going to have this iron forever . . That said , the Sedu Ionic Ceramic Tourmaline Flat Iron is far and away the best iron out of all of those choices . Even if it wo n't last forever , why not use the best in the meantime ? And , I can assure you , this is definitely the best . I 've replaced this iron three times for a reason.The first thing I noticed right out of the gate with the Sedu was how shiny and smooth my hair looked immediately after use . I 've seen a little bit of that with the Hai and the Solia before , but those results do n't compare to the final product with the Sedu . Very beautiful . And my hair really did look so much healthier than it had before . It was a very pleasant surprise.Another bonus , and probably the most important one to me , is how quick I can work with this iron . I have long thick hair that sits about four inches below my shoulders . With the Solia it had taken me at least a half hour to straighten all my hair and I would have to iron out each section repeatedly . This was not the case with the Sedu ! This iron was perfectly almost every single time on the first pass and , if not , I would only need to make a second quicker pass to fix anything I missed the first time . All in all it takes me less than 15 minutes to straighten my full head of hair , which is reasonable . I usually am under a time crunch in the mornings on my way out the door and this makes everything so much faster . I appreciate this aspect more than any of the others.I went back to Sedu after two years of using a cheaper Solia iron and , by the time I went back , my hair had sustained some pretty serious damage . I was forced to chop off the bottom four inches to allow for new , healthier ends to grow . Since using the Sedu again I 've seen my hair damage cut down exponentially . Split ends are few and far between , thank goodness . And in the long-term that makes a huge difference to me.The results of straightening with the Sedu also tend to last longer than those with other flat irons . Usually I can do my hair in the morning , go outside , go to school , go to work and get home and my hair will be just as straight as it was after I finished it in the morning . I 've been disappointed with the longevity when I had used the Solia , so this is definitely a big step up.Now , one of the detriments
 This is the best Flat iron I have ever had !!! Its actually my second one of these . . My first one lasted 2 years and would of made it longer but unfortunatly I dropped it about 1000 times and the clamp broke beyond repair . But Completely my fault not the products . When you first look at the price it is kind of expensive but for as muh use as I have gotten out of it it is for sure worth it !
 So the straightener I bought came defective . The plates did not entirely close and the handle was a bit cracked . Also , when I first bought it I was n't super excited about the price but it 's better than what folica.com sells it for . My friend has the same flat iron and it makes your hair shiny , stays styled all day , and heats up fast . That 's why I know that this straightener would have been great , had it not been defective . Also , when I first bought it I was n't super excited about the price but it 's better than what folica.com sells it for .
 I have owned many , many flat irons -LRB- Chi & Solia were my last ones -RRB- and this one is definitely my favorite . I have had it for a few months and it has not disappointed . I have curly hair -LRB- not ringlets but very curly -RRB- and because of this straightner everyone thinks I have straight hair ! I usually use a blowdryer to dry my hair but not to straighten it -LRB- it is a huge , puffy mess when done -RRB- . This straightner can take my full head of fluffy hair and straighten it within 10 minutes . My hair is beautifully shiny and not dry , or frizzy like I have dealt with in the past.My hair even stayed -LRB- almost -RRB- frizz free in the Houston August humidity - an amazing feet for my hair ! Instead of getting frizzy in the humidity my hair would get a little wavy but I would take that any day over the mess the humidity used to turn my hair into.pros : controsl frizzshiny hair -LRB- some people see this as a con but my hair looks healthy -RRB- many heat settingsstraightens easily and quicklydoes not burn hairheats up quicklywide plates to straighten more hair at onceplug - it is n't the 3 prong plug I am used to with other straightners so now I can plug it in with my hairdryer instead of having to dry my hair then straighten after.cons : can get very hot to touchnothing else so far ... I highly recommend this for anyone looking for a high end hair straightner.My Chi and Solia flat irons both died on me right after their year anniversaries so I will update when this one hits a year to hopefully say it is still working wonderfully . Even when they were new and working great , the Chi and Solia straightners did n't leave my hair as healthy looking as the Sedu has .
 I purchased this Sedu to replace my last Sedu -LRB- which finally tired out after approximately 2 years , using it nearly every day -RRB- . I have thick wavy hair and in all my years I have NEVER found a product that works so well on my hair . After letting a few of my friends use it they have purchased their own . For the price , you get more quality than you pay for . Great buy !
 I was using Maxiglide for about two years , and the steam from the maxiglide was reverting my 4B & 4C hair back to its supercurly state while I was trying to straighten my hair with it . Also the so-called detangling pins on my maxiglide was getting tangled in my hair , and causing some breakage . So , when my maxiglide started to leak , and I knew it was time to throw it in thegarbage . I felt lost , but i had a new sedu flat iron that I never had used before , and I used itthis morning and I straighted my hair on the360 heat temperature dial , and wow ! this seduis a nice straightener , but someone told me that the Babyliss flat irons can beat the seduflat irons . Well in the future I will see if the babyliss flat irons can beat the sedu . For now I will continue to use my sedu flat iron .
 Okay I never write product reviews , but this thing is seriously AMAZING ! I have super kinky coarse hair and have tried all kinds of straightening methods and products . I had a Chi Turbo for years until it finally broke , and decided with all of the amazing reviews on this product I 'd give it a try . Man were they right ! You would NEVER know I had any kind of kink to my hair at all after I straighten it with the Sedu . It 's so silky and shiny too ! And the best part about it is its size . I was disappointed at how small it was at first , but what a joy to my shoulder . It 's super light and compact . Seriously buy this ! I would have spent 200 on it no problem so for 80 you really ca n't pass it up . It 's amazing !
 love this flat iron i cant believe i didnt know about it earlier and i have curly nappy hair.l . and this makes my hair so shinny and soft . . a must buy !!
 I purchased this flatiron in 2004 , one for me and one for my daughter . We both have strong , coarse , thick hair and mine is frizzy , too . I was persuaded to spend the money because of the excellent reviews on the Folica website . I have not been disappointed . I use mine heavily , nearly every day . It heats quickly and works wonders on my hair . After washing I let my hair dry naturally as long as possible and finish drying with a blow dryer . Then I go to work with the Sedu on a section at a time starting with the bottom layers . It takes me about 20 minutes because I have so much hair ! Subsequent days in between washings only take about 5 minutes to touch up . My hair is smooth and silky and not frizzy at all . I live in Florida so I have to deal with the humidity , too . I would recommend this for anyone . It has more than delivered the results I was looking for .
 I have the Infiniti which I paid $ 100 when it came out , I have the Joico Vapor Iron another $ 100 and this ... THIS ONE far exceeds the other two ... hair is very very shiny , a single pass , maybe 2 at the most and your done , I am a female of color I have long thick hair , in other words ETHNIC hair and this iron is amazing , even it burns out in a year its worth getting another
 After losing my beloved FHI Iron on a vacation , it was finally time for me to do my research and find another . After finding this one , I did see some mixed reviews . The first time I used it , I was SUPER surprised that an iron could be this light ! Compared to my FHI , this iron was as light as a feather . It heats up much faster and leaves my hair shiny and sleek . My hair is thick , frizzy , and wavy , and so I was skeptical that a tiny little iron would be able to straighten it . This Sedu did prove me wrong , although it does have a few issues . The first is that part of the iron gets uncomfortably warm . I like to hold my irons closer to the top , and this is a problem for anyone that is n't planning to use this iron to curl/wave their hair as well . The iron will also not sit flat ; it always tips to one side . This really annoys me when I try to set it down . I would n't recommend sitting it on any surface easily damaged by heat . All in all , this is a good buy , and I have never regretted purchasing it .
 I have had my Sedu flatiron for 3 years now and it 's still working AMAZINGLY well ! I have relaxed hair and wear clip-in extensions -LRB- the ones that are marketed to Caucasians -RRB- , this flatiron literally changes my hair texture to match the extensions PERFECTLY ! No one can tell that I 'm wearing extensions -LRB- I 've had girls , both black and white comment on how long my hair is and are surprised when I tell them that I 'm wearing extensions -RRB- because of how perfectly straight this flat iron makes my hair . It literally straightens out the texture a relaxer could n't straighten.I do n't plan on purchasing another brand . I honestly do n't believe that there is anything else out there that 's better . I find that the 1 '' is easier to manipulate and handle than the 1.5 '' , so for those who have a hard time making a curl this with flatiron I would suggest purchasing the 1 inch .
 I 've used sedu flat irons for the last 5 years . The first one I had was great . It was the wider flat iron , because I had longer hair , when I got my hair cut short , I gave that flat iron to my friend , who still uses it . I got the 1 '' flat iron for my short hair . Great flat iron . Lasted 3 years before it finally gave out . I was on Amazon looking for a new one and saw some negative comments so I wanted to put in my two cents :-RRB- The sedu flat iron is the best flat iron I 've ever used . I have curly hair , and when I use it , you ca n't tell . It does n't fry the ends of my hair . I do n't have to go over my hair a million times to get it straight . It 's well worth the money .
 My 15 year old daughter wanted a really good flat iron since she irons her hair everyday ... After days of reading reviews and searching , I purchased this product and am sooo satisfied ... My teenager LOVES the way it makes her hair so silky ... -LRB- and we all know how difficult it is to satisfy a teen girl -RRB-
 I highly recommend this to anyone . It 's that good !!!! Also , like the fact the company offers a 1 year warranty on it . This makes my hair looks so amazing . I 'm very happy about this .
 ordered this for my mom . she has thick super wavy , long hair . she was excited about the results she got with from this tool . she said her hair was super soft and shiny and was pleased with how light in weight this tool was .
 I have one of these and just orderd one for my daughter and I am going to order one for my niece . Flat irons I have used before have damaged the natural texture of my hair , this does not and my curls are returning . I am able to wear my hair straight or curly .
 I made the mistake of ordering it on ebay , it broke after 3 months , and because ebay was not one of the authorized resellers therefore had no warranty . But if I was sure it was an excellent iron , for this reason I ordered it from Folica via Amazon . I love it ! leaves my hair ultra smooth and extremely shiny . I go the gym everyday at noon and go right back to work afterwards , and this iron has proven to not burn my hair with everyday use . It is light weight , with adjustable temperatures and perfect for my long hair , which is very dry and kinda frizzy . A friend of mine was using a different brand , which was good , but she had been thinking about buying a wider one of the same brand . I let her try mine and he loved it ! she order it the next day . I really recommend it with my eyes closed .
 I have used countless drugstore and high-end flat irons over the past 10 years . This is by far my favorite . I love the wide plates for my long thick hair , the incredibly fast heat-up time , and the long cord ! The only reason I am on my second one is because I let my first Sedu fall off the dresser too many times and the hinge eventually broke and the plates did n't line up anymore -LRB- still worked though ! -RRB-
 I have a combination type 4a , b , c curly coarse hair.I use this iron with a tension comb to get my hair super straight . I probably should have gotten the smaller size for now , but this one does the job.Oh and thanks to Lashauna D. Willis ' review as it helped me in my decision . . lol
 I purchased this for my daughter and she thinks it is one of the best flat irons she as ever used .
 This is great , does not burn my treated hair and is quick and easy to use . Major superior to cheap flat irons and worth the price .
 We had the same Sedu flat iron for 5 years . It just broke and we ordered this one . This is by far the best flat iron we ever had . My daughter and myself have wavy frizzy hair that is hard to manage . With this tool styling your hair in the morning is a breeze . It will not burn it or pull it like other flat irons we bought used to do . It is very reliable , heats fast and stays clean . Totally worth the money , and our old one did pay for itself saving us money on professional styling .
 I was always skeptical about these flat irons , purchased a couple in the past years , didnt work . Someone recommended this one ... told me to make sure I buy the `` SEDU '' Brand only . My hair is naturally super wavy , thick , and long . I pay alot at the hair salon just to blow dry it straight , not to mention all that pulling hair they do . After trying this ... WOW !!! I love it . I can straighten my hair super fast and it leaves it shiny . I get compliments all the time . This does n't burn my hair , leaves it healhty looking . I soooo recommend this flat iron , NO OTHER WORKS THE SAME . It was costing me alot to have my hair professionally straighten at the salon , this is worth every penny !!!
 This flat iron is the best . It flattens my hair so fast and nicely . My hair feels silky soft after each use . I do find that the type of product you use increases that silky softness plus it protects your hair from heat damage . I personally was recommened biosilk . I really LOVE that stuff . It smells good and works great with my Sedu . I also use `` Loreal Hot Straight '' too to give it a little bit more protection from the heat and it works great . My hair looks like I step out of a salon everytime . I ca n't get over how smooth and straight it is . Bad hair days are in the past thanks to this flat iron : -RRB-
 I have owned mine for about a year now and I am really glad I got it . It works great , heats up very fast and is easy to use . Most important to me was if it was hard on my hair - I do n't feel that it is hard on my hair and it lasts all day even in humidity . I do n't flat iron every day , maybe just 1-2 times a week . I have naturally curly long hair - It straightens it perfectly .
 My old cheap HerStyler would rarely work because it would n't heat up all the way and when it did , it constantly shut off or cooled down so that my hair was only slightly less curly and not straight at all . It would take me 20 minutes for a poor style . I almost cut my hair in frustration that I was trying to grow out.This Sedu straightener heat up immediately and stayed on temperature . It took me less than 5 minutes and my hair is straight and shiny . PERFECT ! The Sedu is worth the extra money . In this case you really do get what you pay for . I do n't buy CHI or anything from Farouk . If you do n't know why . look him up .
 I used to swear by the CHI and have owned a total of 3 of them , which is exactly why I switched to the SEDU . I had 3 CHI 's within a 4 year span and as amazing as they were , they kept breaking on me and the warranty only last a year ! My boyfriend bought me the SEDU for my birthday and I absolutely love it ! Not only is it wider than the CHI but it straightens my hair soo00 much better and it stay straight and silky all day long . It even comes with a little head pad for your straightener . I recommend this straightener to everyone . I have dry and wavy hair and the SEDU works wonders on my hair
 Extremely Love my new straightener !! I use it almost everyday . It does the job perfectly , I do n't have to leave on my hair long , just glide it over and it does not have to be on the highest temperature setting .
 I am speechless , it is extremely lightweight , ready to use in 20 seconds , easy to operate , results in shiny and healthy straight hair !!!! Also , try the Garnier Leave-in Conditioner to put on before the straightening process . It helps from preventing the heat damage to the hair .
 I am frequently skeptical of online reviews , but I bought this flat iron about 2 weeks ago , and I can in all honesty say it 's the best flat iron I 've ever used . I have bought 2 professional quality flat irons before -LRB- Chi and Hai -RRB- and thought they were both pretty good . When the Hai iron I had finally died after 3 years , I decided to try this one based on reviews from a number of sites.It is rare when a product works even better than it claims . My hair is very long , tempermental and very wavy . I get as good , if not better results than when I have it done in a salon . I am truly amazed . I get perfectly smooth silky straight hair every time , and in record time . With the Hai , it took me 30 - 40 minutes to get my hair straight , and it was never `` salon straight '' . The Sedu takes me 10 minutes -- REALLY . It is worth every penny of the higher than average cost . I would whole heartedly recommend this flat iron to anyone who has had mediocre results with other flat irons . Thanks for a truly great product .
 I use the Amazon product reviews for everything that I buy and when I read about the Sedu Flat Iron I knew I had to try it . I 've tried a few different straighteners that constantly pull and break my hair and require me to pass over a small piece of hair 4 or 5 times , still leaving my hair a frizzy mess . Half way through the day my hair would be a half curly half frizzy mess . With the Sedu my hair looks like I have naturally straight hair . It heats up in seconds and with one pass my hair is super straight , it 's truly amazing . My hair stays straight all day ! It looks smooth and glossy and it does n't pull or break my hair . When my sister first saw my hair she decided she had to have one . If you 're threw with straightening your hair for an hour and you want to get ready in 10 minutes and look great this is definitely the straightener you want you buy . I could n't be happier with my purchase !
 I get compliments on my hair all the time . I have owned a chi and I have to say SEDU this is exactly what I was looking for . It is so good that I do not need any shine products to make my hair look shiny . You can not go wrong with this product .
 Wife loves this device . She claims it works better then any she has purchased in the past and if that 's the case , it 's OK in my book .
 I 've had several flat irons and my Sedu is by far the best . It heats up very quickly and although I do n't turn the heat dial to the recommended setting , it has not dried my hair out . This was the best $ 99 deal I 've had in a long time and I wld buy another Sedu in a heart beat !!
 I 've had this iron for about a year now . It is the VERY BEST flat iron I 've owned . I love it . It warms up really fast . I have coarse hair and this iron will flatten my hair in about 2 to 3 passes . My hair will take a lot of before it starts to curl.I just LOVE this item . I will definitely buy another if this one ever goes bad . The price is just right.I 've recommended to my friends and 5 of them have already gotten too.THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU !!!! I love it ... ca n't say it enough .
 This straightener is great for my tight spiral curls . It works best when I blow my hair out first and then go over it with this iron , but I can use it right on my curls and have them go pin straight.It is not bad for your hair and causes less breakage then a lot of other irons out there.I have friends with the Chi but the Sedu is a better iron . I have owned it for four years , it still works the same as when I bought it . And even if it broke on me now , I would be willing to buy it again in a heartbeat.Amazing product .
 This is my second Sedu - The first one lasted over a year then conked out on me and would n't turn on -LRB- do n't know why ?? -RRB- I immediately bought a new one . I have extremely thick , naturally curly brown hair and it takes me about 20 minutes to do my whole head . I get compliments all the time on how straight and shiny my hair is . I thought about the Chi but decided on the Sedu to be different and it has definately paid off . I highly recommend this .
 i had the chi for awhile - and switched to sedu a few years ago . i end up buying a new one every year or two - but that 's more due to my clumsiness rather than the quality of the product . it heats up super quickly and gets very hot . over all makes my very curly hair very straight with minimal effort . very happy
 I have very thick wavy hair and although I had an expensive flat iron previous to this one , this one works much better ! It takes me less than 5 min . to flat iron my hair -LRB- shoulder length -RRB- as it works incredibly fast and is very effective . My hairdresser even said my hair was in better condition . It also makes my hair shinier ... worth every penny I spent .
 This product is great.I like to use without any power because look very natural in my face.I couldnt find this foundation in PR and this company is the one , who have this cosmetic . Thank you so much .
 I love this make-up ; I have and oily complexion that causes my mascara nad eye make-up to run ; but the whipped make-up goes on smoothly and helps my complexion look very nice ; and helps to keep my eye make-up from running .
 This product worked great and is comparable to Aveda 's Cherry Almond Bark Conditioner . It smells wonderful and left my hair soft and silky . However , Cafe Earth 's customer service is something to be desired . They never got back to me when I had a question about my order . The product did n't ship until 15 days after my order was placed -LRB- unlike the 1-2 days they advertise -RRB- ! The product is great , but be prepared to wait for it .
 If you 've always wanted to try Ojon , but did n't want to shell out a lot of cash , this is a great way to try it for a great value . Yes , these products are expensive but worth every dollar ! It makes your hair like butta . And best of all , they all smell really good . The restorative treatment is fantastic , but does have an intense smell , which , I happen to like . I even got my 74 year old mother to use it and she noticed a difference in the look and feel of her hair with one application of the restorative treatment . I love what it does for my hair - I am constantly touching it because it feels so nice . I gave away all the other styling products that have accumulated in my bathroom for the past 5 years because I will never use anything but Ojon forever ! Try it , you 'll love it !!!
 I am very happy with the cream . I had received the cocoa butter cream last year for a gift and tried to use it sparingly to make it last because I had trouble finding a place to buy it . Finally it is available online . I bought the Citrus cream this time and love the fresh smell as well as the satin-smooth creaminess . It absorbs well and really feels great on my skin .
 I have tried almost all the existing natural sunscreen products . Badger is a good product that I use on my daughter . But most natural sunscreens are too heavy , too drying , or too whitening for my own face . This one is the best for me to use on my own face , non-irritating and non-drying -LRB- I put on a little bit jojoba oil first and then spread it fairly easily -RRB- . I was concerned with the low SPF at first . That was why I tried various other natural products with higher SPF . No luck so far . This has been the best one . Highly recommend as a daily sunscreen . When I need to be in sun more extensively , I will probably used a higher SPF product .
 I really love this sunscreen . It has a great smell , great coverage , and does not irritate sensitive skin . I initially started using this for myself as I am prone to breakouts and irritation , now we all use it and I have suggested it to several people . It does not leave a oily sheen like many sunscreens and looks great under make-up . I definitely recommend it to anyone .
 LOVE this stuff ! REALLY works - I use it when I go tanning , & you can see the outline/tanline on & around the tattoo ~ -LRB- wherever I applied the Tattoo Goo -RRB- , where it `` blocks '' the UV rays ... great product ! Has a nice smell to it also !
 This product is great to keep my tattoos vibrant in the sun or when tanning . I like to use tanners occasionally for the UV light to help seasonal depression and this ensures that my tattoos wo n't fade when I am catching the rays !
 Yep , this stuff works ! I was in the sun almost daily from April to September last summer and this stuff works ! Kept the color of my tattoo vibrant , smells great and is n't sticky . I 'll be buying a new stick this year to replace my old one - smells a little funky after being in the closet over the winter .
 This stick is easy to use and works very well . I have a tattoo on my lower back and it works wonderfully to protect it . Also , it does n't stain your clothes or leave a film over your tattoo , and it smells wonderful , not like a sunscreen at all . I also purchased the spray on protectant but this is more direct and I 've found it works much better .
 Not very practical for sleeves or larger ink work but great for applying on a small tattoo.Amazon is an awesome place to get it .
 Smells good -LRB- like coconut -RRB- and easy to use on my quarter-sized tattoo on my wrist . Ca n't really speak to effectiveness since I protect my tattoo from the sun as much as I can , but still like to put sunscreen on it .
 This stuff worked all to well . I made the mistake of putting it just over my back tattoo in a nice big circle spent the whole day at the lake the next day I was a lobster but lo an behold my tattoo and the GIANT circle all around it was white as snow : / Lesson learned but awesome buy and it did what it said it would !
 This compact stick is great for protecting tattoos ... it goes on hands-free and absorbs quickly and it will last a long time ! I have used it a lot and there 's still plenty !
 I got the big color guard sticky , and its amazing ! It is alittle stick but if you use only alittle then it will absorb in your skin better , and it wont be sticky . I love the smell ! It smells like coconut , and coconut oil !! I love this product , I would highly recommend this product for a person who is looking for a great sun protectant for their tattoos ! Dont use this procuct until your tatto is three weeks old and over ... I will be ordering this product again when I run out !!
 I go to the tanning bed a lot and the tattoo goo color guard stick / spf works great on keeping my tattoo looking like new .
 It smells so good and works , although I do believe it should be a higher SPF .
 It was very hard to find any kind of rose cologne online . I ordered this and really like it . It is very strong though so only one spray will do .
 Have always loved the fragance , although it is not strong it stays with you the whole day , which is not the case with other rose based fragances . I always get a lot of compliments when I wear it . I was ecstatic to find it here , since it is difficult to get it at stores .
 I have used this fragrance for many years and still find it to be my favorite for the price and quality ,
 My mom always loved this perfume . It came very quick and was exaclty what she wanted . I 've ordered this a few times and never had a problem with breakage or spillage . Will order again for her .
 fairly priced and nicely comprised for a cheepy - not complex , a straightforward single note impression - dry and slightly sweet , and not at all spicy
 If your looking for a true rose scented perfume , look no more . I love this perfume , smells like fresh roses in a bottle ! When you 1st spray it , it is kind of overwhelming but it quickly dies down to a lovely soft scent . After a while I ca n't smell it anymore but if I put on my jacket from the day before I get a whiff of roses , so I guess my nose just gets use to it , lol this scent is good for layering with other perfumes too . Love it .
 Tea Rose is my mother 's favorite scent and the only one she will wear . This smells exactly like roses and is not too overpowering.Highly Recommended !
 For years , I had been looking for a rose-scented perfume that simply smelled like roses . No added scents such as peach , grapefruit , blackberry , musk , or whatever undertones , midtones , just simple roses . One day I walked into a discount perfume store in Georgia , and I told the salesperson what I wanted and he handed me Tea Rose . I have not used any other perfume since , and I stock up whenever possible . I always get compliments about this perfume , and I hope that it will continued to be manufactured for years to come . Thank you Amazon for making it available at such an affordable price .
 Most PERFUMES do n't last more than a couple of hours on me . Tea Rose eau de toilette lasts all day . It 's a strong fragrance , so just one spray -LRB- on my clothes -RRB- is more than sufficient for the day . I 've tried all the expensive brands , including Dior , Lauren , Joy , etc. . I 'll stick with Tea Rose !!!!! Just be careful not to spray too much !
 It has gotten difficult to find pure flower perfumes except perhaps gardenia . This fits the bill for rose . Still looking for Lily of the Valley
 I 'm a big fan of the scent of roses and was looking for a signature perfume . This smells really pretty - almost exactly like a tea rose , which were in my garden growing up . You ca n't beat the price for the amount of perfume you get . Just watch out how much you spray . It smells so good , it 's easy to overdo it ... but you do n't need much .
 I GOT A LOT OF COMPLIMENTS WHEN WEARING THE PERFUME . IT 'S ALITTLE STRONG INITIALLY WHEN IT 'S SPRAYED ON BUT TAPERS OFF IN A FEW SECONDS .
 I know it suits my aura as when i use it my friends say here comes Georgina , they say I do smell of roses , I uses to use another cologne but now I am older my aura has changed , I would like to try lavender but can not afford it yet , maybe later on this year.That 's all folks . by now GC
 I purchased the 2oz one and have to say that I am very pleased with the it . I received it a couple of days after I ordered it , and it was wrapped with the plastic wrap . I would say it is authentic , have n't opened it though , because it was for a gift . Thank you for the fast delivery .
 `` Tea Rose '' has been my mother 's favorite perfume for more than 25 years and it has been harder and harder to find in local stores , so it was great to find it on Amazon for a reasonable price.This has a distinct rose scent that no other perfume seems to have and it does not fade very quickly.Highly Recommended!CFH
 The Tea Rose cologne is very reasonably priced , especially for a 4oz bottle . I have been wearing thisfor approximately 5 years , and have had so many positivecomments on the scent . I actually keep the bottle inmy handbag , when I go shopping ... people ask who themanufacturer is and where to purchase.Great price , especially when similar scents are pricedat $ 80.00 per 2oz , for cologne . I make certainI purchase two bottles at a time because the sell outis HIGH .
 Tea Rose is a long lasting and true rose scent . It smells as if you have just had 30 dozen roses delivered ! I love it . Better and more reasonably priced than any other on the market . However , a word of caution - use sparingly . I put a little too much on the first time I used it -LRB- I was used to another brand -RRB- and it was quite overwhelming . Use just a little ; it will last a long time . I even spritzed a little on the bed linens - quite soothing .
 I have seen in other reviews that people do not think that this is the `` original '' Tea Rose perfume . . I have the very first bottle I ever bought and you can tell that this bottle and that bottle have the same perfume in them . They both smell identical and best of all . . when I ordered it said that my package would take until Jan. .17 th to arrive -LRB- I ordered Jan. 9th -RRB- and it just was brought by UPS . . Can you ask for any more ? Thanks so much Amazon . . you really rock !
 My woman was wearing this scent the first time we made love using the incredible `` New Sex Now '' dvd techniques for Life 's Ultimate Pleasure . The combination of these sexual super-power secrets and this scintillating scent made our union that night like a fireworks display . This is powerful alchemy .
 The scent of this perfume is awesome !!! I will last all day and you will smell like roses all day . It 's not overpowering yet others will notice this fabulous scent .
 This wonderful perfume is my mother 's favorite . It 's reminded me of her for over thirty years , making me smile every time ... every time I smell the light and lovely rose fragrance ... a terrific scent ... better than some at 5 times the price !
 I really like this perfume . I know , it smells like an old lady , but for me the smell is comforting . I like to use it at night or when I 'm feeling stressed . This is a classic sent .
 If you love the smell of roses , you 'll love this perfume . Yes , the bottle is n't pretty , but I swear , I still smell myself . Talk about `` stop to smell the roses ! '' I love it . I get comments and compliments all the time on it .
 A favorite of mine since the early '80s , this is by far the best , most true-to-life rose fragrance out there at any price . It smells so much like fresh-cut roses , even down to the green stems and dewy moisture , that it manages to be elegant and earthy at the same time . It is not out of place on a hippie in a hemp maxidress , yet it can compliment a business suit and pearls . -LRB- A hippie trick is to layer it with musk , patchouli , or sandalwood oil . Tea Rose plays well with others . -RRB- Where other single-note florals can be syrupy , cloying , and fetid , Tea Rose is a breath of fresh spring air and living , delicate flowers.Masterful in its simplicity , Tea Rose has n't been appreciably reformulated over the years , for which I am very grateful . And do n't let the EDT strength fool you -- this is analogous to most parfum or EDP concentrations in its strength and tenacity . One warning
 My best friend has always worn Tea Rose . Missing her the other day , I decided to purchase some and found this offer at such a terrific price . I received it in just a few days and it smells just like I remembered -LRB- just like Betty ! -RRB- The rose tones are true , not overpowering , and it lasts all day . If you want to feel feminine and natural , you wo n't be disappointed .
 I bought this on a whim after purchasing a few other perfumes I had high hopes for . While this is n't quite the scent I 'm looking for , it is really nice . Before I opened the box I could smell roses . I was excited . I spritzed a few times around my wrists and in the air . When I pulled my wrists up to sniff , I thought it smelled terrible ! Like a potent , fragrant , woodsy stench , or something . However , when I pulled them away from my face , it reverted to the lovely smell of roses . So , for me , I ca n't stand it too close to my face , too strong I guess . But a couple spritz around my torso and it 's great . I smell roses wherever I go .
 Was n't sure this would be an older ladys scent , but is for anyone who loves a soft feminine clean light floral scent.I probably put a little too much on cause I want to be able to sniff it too . just love it.I shall be wearing this scent for a very long time to come .
 My package arrived incredibly quickly , much earlier than the scheduled date . The product was in good shape . However , the product itself was a little disappointing -- smells very nice , but wears off more quickly than anything I 've ever tried before . It does smell nicely of roses , though .
 An absolutely perfect rendition of the aroma of roses . An inexpensive version of Joy perfume . Maybe a little overwhelming at first . Always produces a favorable comment when my wife wears it .
 I 've loved and worn this scent off and on for more years than I can count . As a person who is allergic to most perfumes , etc. , this one has been one that I can not only enjoy , but also wear without suffering . In the past two years , first a granddaughter , and then one of my daughters has called me with the question , `` What is the name of that wonderful rose perfume you always wore ? I remember it still and it always made me feel like so relaxed and as if I were in a garden . '' I was happy to locate it and send it to each of them .
 If I were to follow my thoughts when I sampled this poduct , I would say NO !! NO !! I was just smelling a garden of roses which I considered too overpowering . I decided to try it the following day by spraying inside my clothes . Oh , how I just love the smell . It 's long lasting and even remains after washing my garments . Everywhere I go people saying they smell something ROSY . This has become one of if NOT my BEST fragrance.The reason I give it 4-stars is because the colour is very rich and will stain your clothing if you are n't careful .
 Tea Rose gives you a lot of bang for your buck -- you get a gigantic bottle of a very pleasant floral perfume for cheap -LRB- never pay more than $ 12 for it , it 's doable -RRB- . It smells very rose-like and not terribly synthetic , and a little bit goes a long way . It 'll last forever , and if you like roses , it 's an excellent bargain . I enjoy sniffing my wrist when I have it on!That said , I would n't wear this for really special occasions . It does n't smell `` cheap , '' exactly , but it 's nothing extraordinary either -- it strikes me as a casual daytime scent to spritz on when I 'm off to work , or running my Saturday morning errands . It 's a pretty perfume , but not interesting or glamorous . Just ... nice .
 I first remember using this perfume when I was about 11yrs old . My mom and I went to J C Penny and I sprayed our jackets down with this rosy perfume . We loved the scent until we got into the car . Oh my did we both get a fragrant headache : -RRB- It lingered for MONTHS not weeks or days and it did not die down at all , every time we put on those jackets she asked me , and I wondered why on earth did I spray them down like that . Those are fond memories and we laugh about it still after all these years.Now that I am older and a little less spray happy -LRB- who am I kidding ? -RRB- I over sprayed it recently and my family was opening the door to air out the room because I love to use this as an air freshener , it last like nothing else!I really like the scent . One spray and you have a very comforting rose perfume that lasts all day . Spray 2 to 3 sprays in a room for a great garden breeze right inside your home , but be warned , over 5 sprays in a room and you will be having to air out your home .100 rosebushes in every bottle !
 As a Victorianist and Steampunk Lady , I am often frustrated in my efforts to find modern-day items that live up to the -LRB- admittedly quite high -RRB- expectations a victorian lady would have of her toilette . This scent is not a traditional blended new world &#34; Rose &#34; fragrance , but rather a far more piquant single true TEA ROSE scent ... . redolent of the actual tea rose itself . I always receive compliments when i wear this fragrance . A little goes a long way ... overload yourself and you will smell like a victorian grannie 's hanky drawer ! But when applied sparingly , it is a light and uplifting floral scent . A wonderful item for a tiny price ... a real gem !
 wonderful surprise for my daughter . Shen loved the true to life scent . Glad i found it she had been wanting it
 Smells more like an essential oil than an EDT . A little goes a long way . I wore a dab of this when I was a just a kid & never forgot the scent , so I decided to order . Exactly as I remembered it . Very heady , romantic & bit gypsy . Rose & forest moss .
 This product definitely exceeded my expectations . Great value for money and a beautiful scent - I have many compliments about how pretty it is . Will definitely buy again !
 It smells good and stays pretty long , but a little too strong and kinda old lady . Anyway i got a big bottle for a good price and service was good so no complain : -RRB-
 My wife loves Tabu . However , we also love roses . I got this for a surprise . It was a hit ! We both love it .
 This is my all time favorite scent , and it has become nearly impossible to find . It arrivedd in a timely manner , and was well packages .
 Have been a lover of Tea Rose perfume for over 20 years . The soft subtle sent of roses is perfect for me . The price was great and fast shipping . Very pleased .
 I had used this perfume years ago and I could n't find it because I did n't know where to look since it was a gift . I was thrilled when I found it here . I have tried many perfumes , and though they smell good on me , they did n't smell as good on me as it did on other people , but Tea Rose works for me.I am saying this for the negative comments , though they are few , there are some . Not all perfumes work for everyone ; it may smell good on you or others , but not everyone . The chemicals on our skin are different from many other peoples and perfumes do n't always mix well with the chemicals that are naturally on our skin.So , Tea Rose smells great , but it will not smell great for everyone . kind of like not all lipstick color matches everyone 's face , even if you and someone else have the same skin tone or face shape or lip shape .
 I had not worn Tea Rose in a long time . It was difficult to find and rather expensive . My purchase through Amazon was the wonderful , long-lasting scent I remembered . Now I know where I can purchase it at a reasonable price .
 The perfume smells exactly as I remember it from 20 years ago . My daughter - in - law purchased it for me after hearing me talk about it , and the fact I can not find it anywhere anymore . I rate the perfume an 18/20 . Amazon - Thank You for helping me find this awesome product again ! I Love it , and the price - I love that too !!!
 It is a quiet and classy floral smell , and makes me feel feminine when I put it on . It is not too strong . I guess it works best in summer and fall . Also , I am very happy with amazon 's price
 I will start off by saying I received this package on time and have no complaints.Other than that , I loved this perfume . It smells exactly like pure roses . Its a bit strong though , so do n't accidently overdose yourself.The bad news is , that I am 21 and nobody my age seems to care for it . My `` compliments '' have only been that I smell like an old lady . My mother and grandmother seem to be the only people who have honestly said that they like it.Regardless , I love it and when I run out I will probably be buying another bottle .
 Tea Rose has been my signature scent for 20 years!I was inrouduced to it by a friend -LRB- an army wife in Hickham Air force Base -RRB- in Honolulu where I lived in the late 1980 's . Maybe I am the only Malaysian using it now , because it 's NOT available in Malayisa.Over the years , I have had many compliments about this fragrance that I wear , and here 's the one I remember most distinctly : I once stepped into an elevator in a hotel in Kuala Lumpur many years ago . This guy in tuxedo -LRB- probably going to a fomal party there -RRB- sniffed , looked around -LRB- for flowers ? -RRB- and remarked to his lady companion : hmmm ... where are the flowers ? I smell them ... Tea Rose by Perfumer 's Workshop for Women - 4 Ounce EDT Spray
 Too many there are who think of rose scents as only `` for Grandma 's '' Nope ! This is truly a feast for the nose ! Beautiful scent , very feminine but not overly sweet and not at all artificial . I had tried and failed to make my own rose water and now that I 've found Tea Rose I 'll wear it often . So worth the reasonable price , highly recommend . If you like roses and floral perfumes , this is for you . Not overpowering either , I wear it to work and anywhere , scent is there but does n't fill the room or disturb people .
 I have always loved the smell of roses and drove a long way to visit a l'occitane store to smell a `` rose '' perfume that was quite expensive . Needless to say , it did n't have a pure rose scent , as most perfumes do n't . I was dissapointed but not suprised , then I remembered having smelled Tea Rose many years ago when I was a child and loving it . On a whim I searched Amazon for it and it was here ! The reviews I read were all good , but they made it seem like a scent for an older woman . I am in my thirties , and I LOVE IT !! It smells like a rose , pure and simple , and I do n't think it 's as strong as some of the other reviewers also mentioned . It 's perfect !
 If you like roses , this is the scent for you . It is not overpowering , but lasts all day . She puts it on , a couple of spritzes in the morning and I still can smell it on her skin that night . I have been buying it for her since we were married 36 years ago . This size is much better as well . Normally I can only find it in the 2oz size .
 item shipped promptly and i received exactly what was represented .
 I have been looking for a good rose scent for a long time , finally , I have found one . Rose scents are either too sweet or do n't smell like rose at all , this one is just right .
 It smells good , like roses but there 's also some other sort of incense-y smell that is quite strong . It 's not overpowering , but I would agree that I did definitely smell like a hippie .
 I was very pleased in receiving this product I was searching for this and was told to try Amazon.comI have receive many compliments on the fragrance and I told them where to get this product.Thank You !
 Tea Rose by Perfumers Workshop truly smells like roses . I love this scent and purchased this for my mom for Mother 's Day . It is the only perfume she will wear .
 I 've been looking for an authentic rose scent for years now , I was just browsing Amazon and saw this was on sale . The name drew me in , I love tea , love roses haha so I took a chance and bought it . It arrived on time and WOW it smells exactly like a fresh rose . The scent lasts on you a long time , I smell it throughout my whole day , it 's perfect , exactly what I 've been looking for for so long - I 've found my scent and will continue to buy this .
 Love this perfume ... always puts me in my garden , my most fav place to be.The fragrance is always light and fresh . I 'm constantly getting positive feedback from folks - '' oh you smell sooo lovely ! '' Hard to fine , I was thrilled to find it on amazon , I stocked up on three bottles !
 I LOOOVE this fragrence . I want to wear it all the time , even around the house . I 'm not an old lady and I do n't think it 's ` old lady-ish ' as some might think . It 's WOOONDERFUL ! Smells like a real rose .
 My friend finds this is ideal for wearing at work . It has a light fragrance but is distinctive and she has had lots of comments from ladies of a similiar age , all favourable , I hasten to add .
 I 've tried all kinds of scents and NOBODY has ever made a comment about what I am wearing and this includes some fairly famous perfumes like White Shoulders . But when I wear this Tea Rose , everyone notices and comments about how lovely it smells . I 'm a school teacher and you know you are doing something right when grubby little boys cozy up and say , `` You sure smell good , Ms. D. ''
 I 've been wearing tea rose perfume for over 20 years now . I love it , it 's my signature scent . Now my 2 daughters , both in their twenties , are wearing it too , so it 's become a family signature scent.I usually purchase it at one of the many discount perfume stores in LA county , but when I found it online thru Amazon , I saved a bundle . I bought four bottles , and even with shipping , I paid about what it would 've cost for one-and-a-half bottles at the store.And it smells beautiful . This is a scent that never turns pungent or grabs you by the throat like a cheap perfume will . It 's always soft and subtle , even when you put on too much . It 's the best .
 If you are looking for a fresh rose scent like smelling a rose in the garden this is the best one I 've found so far . I 've been searching and read reviews and this is pretty good ! The packaging does n't look it , to me it screams old lady but do n't be fooled it really does smell like rose ! All the reviews I 've read say be careful not to over due putting it on because it can be overpowering if you use too much , but if you use it lightly it smells great . Here 's a tip , spray the perfume in the air and then walk though the mist . Another thing to remember is that as you wear a perfume you start to get used to the scent so to you , you may smell perfect but to someone else overdone so every now and then switch up your scent so you -LRB- and everyone else -RRB- can enjoy it lightly .
 I love this scent and so does my husband . Its simply the exact smell of a rose garden . Nothing else mixed in . People often comment on it and my husband LOVES it .
 This has always been one of my favorite scents.Be warned though it is very strong so if you ca n't take a strong rose scent this cologne is not for you.I love it and have for many many years .
 Of all the perfumes on the market , this has to be the ultimate in femininity . It 's light , delicate and yet sweet as a rose ! The price is the most awesome part . I 've paid well over 50.00 for it at other stores . Buying it on Amazon.com was the best experience for me . I am well pleased . Now I know where I can keep my stock of Tea Rose replenished.Tea Rose By Perfumers Workshop For Women . Eau De Toilette Spray 4 Ounces
 Tea Rose Perfume - I 've worn it for years . Once , for a year or so , I could n't find a place to buy it and went crazy trying to locate a good substitute - nothing I tried was as nice as Tea Rose.Tea Rose is subtle , but haunting . I was in a crowded elevator the other day when someone said `` It smells like roses in here . '' Often , even hours after I have used a spray of Tea Rose , I get the comment `` You smell like roses . '' I 'm so glad I have found a place to buy it .
 I love the smell of old roses and this one fits the bill . It is nice and soft , with no musky undertones , which I hate . I love it .
 Happy to see that Tea Rose is still around . It was one of my favorites when it first came out in the 1980 's and I have rediscovered it lately . Shipment was fast and price was reasonable .
 I have been using Tea Rose Perfume for over 20 years . It is my signature scent . My colleagues at work always teased me about leaving a trail scent of beautiful roses . They said they knew when I had been in that room ! It is delicate and refined , not overpowering like many heavy scents . My family always comment on it and identify it with me . I have been asked several times what fragrance I am using . I am your best advertiser ! I hope it is available for ever.Jean G Cole
 I am 64 and have been using this fantastic perfume for 18 years and now it 's officially mom 's smell , and grandma 's coming . . Makes me feel so good to be recognized and remembered by the scent of roses ... by the way , I 'm Brazilian , live in Brazil , and the scent does not change in the tropics .
 I remember wearing Tea Rose in college ! I did n't even know they still made it , so when I saw the special in an Amazon email , I bought two bottles . Smells as good as I remember it !
 Extremely nice roses smell , soft and sweet remains with you for a while . Everyone notice it !
 I purchased Tea Rose for my mom who has been using this for several years . She loves the smell of roses so , if your lady or parent loves roses , forget about expensive toliet water or perfume and buy this . It 's the best ! Also , the best price I have seen ever is on Amazon .
 If you like rose fragrance , this is for you . It 's the truest rose scent I have found and lasts a long time . It is a heady fragrance so do n't spritz it on like you would a regular cologne . Take it easy and enjoy the trip through the rose garden .
 Have always loved roses , and since many flowers -LRB- and vegetables ! -RRB- are being engineered to last longer , the cost is often the fragrance -LRB- and the taste -- note what 's happened to tomatoes ! -RRB- . This product smells wonderful , in my opinion , just like the roses of the past .
 At a bargain price ! I get compliments whenever I wear this old favorite , which I admit is mostly for my husband 's benefit on the weekends .
 Now once again I smell the sweet smell of Tea Rose just like when I wore it long years back when I first started dating ! Thank You
 My Mother wore this special fragrance , and when I searched it out and found I could still get it on line , I was so pleased . I now keep a dozen roses in a vase , and spritz both myself and the room a bit , and remember ...
 I started wearing this perfume in high school . Even though I have been through many scents in the intervening years , I always have a special fondness for Tea Rose . Whenever I wear it , I am reminded of the good times I had with friends when I was a high schooler . It 's like time travel in a bottle for me . The fragrance itself is a pure rose scent and smells like a fresh rose garden . If you like the scent of roses , give it a try . You wo n't be disappointed .
 MY FAVORITE FAVORITE FAVORITE SCENT OF ALL TIME , ... A TRUE CLASSIC THAT NEVER GETS OLD , ... SO GLAD THAT I CAN FIND IT HERE , ...
 I 've always loved the scent of roses , and this is the best perfume I have found . It is long-lasting , inexpensive , and I frequently receive compliments on it from perfect strangers . It 's a classic !
 This is my mother 's favorite scent and I purchased a bottle because of that . It is a light rose perfume that is not in-your-face or cloying . I personally think it suits women in their late 20 's / early 30 's and onwards . This is not stuff for the young crowd . Staying power is that of a good perfume , lasts for hours . It 's a worthwhile purchase for the price .
 I 've been using this scent for 25 years and continually receive compliments . When they stopped offering it inthe department stores , I was disappointed . I 'm grateful that it 's available on line at more affordable prices .
 Very Good Seller . Ordered Tea Rose edt 4 ounces and was not disappointed , such a lovely fragrance . Try this fragrance I know you will be very pleased .
 This is one of several times I have ordered this particular Tea Rose for my wife . Without a doubt , it is the best quality you can find and the best possible price right here on Amazon !
 If you are drawn to rich Oriental frangrances like Shalimar and Opium this is one for you ! It has become my signature scent and I find that men and women both comment on its complex aroma . The warm vanilla and amber are very relaxing , and the clean smelling cedar is enhanced with bright clear notes of exotic spice.The V'Tae lotions are top quality products that soften and hydrate the skin beautifully . The lotions smell great and are not diluted . When used alone they last all day or they can be paired with the matching parfum for greater intensity.These products are worth every penny , but I think they are quite affordable despite their high quality .
 I have used the V'Tae lavender lotion for several years . Every night , I smoothe it over me , and I tend to sleep much better because its fragrance is soothing and relaxing . I have tried many lavender lotions , and none of their lavender scents compare to V'Tae 's .
 Dolce and Gabbana 's Light Blue is crisp and exceedingly clean-smelling and I am enjoying it a great deal . However , caveat emptor
 My wife purchased this for me on our cruise to Bermuda on board the ship , it 's a very subtle smell , but nice and clean and fresh . Good for work or play .
 I LOVE LOVE LOVE this fragrance ... been using it since the late ' 80 's though a long span ofnot being able to get it ... thankful to find it again so readily ... Nicole Please keep making this fragrance .
 I have just started using this product , given to me by my friend . I like the SPF30 in it , it saves me having to put on suncream over the top of my moisturiser . I ca n't use regular moisturisers , they burn my skin . Usually I have to use a plain cream like Sorbolene . This product is great . It leaves my skin smooth and soft , without greasy residue . No burning , itching , peeling or ecsema .
 I 've used this product for quite a while after it was recommended to a friend by a dermatologist . It 's non-greasy and provides sun protection also . For anyone who has skin that tends to be oily but needs a moisturizer and sun protection , this is an excellent product at a very reasonable cost .
 I 've used eucerin products before and have always found them to be good . This one is no exception although it 's a little more heavy bodied than I prefer .
 This sunscreen is awesome !! I have problem dry sensitive skin and I put this on all over my face and eyes and it does n't sting or burn like other lotions I 've tried . It is truly a godsend !! I would recommend this lotion 100 % ! When I run out , I 'll be buying the Two Pack and save some money !
 ontime as I needed this is a great product . I would suggest this product this to anyone especially my family .
 I SAW THIS ON YOUTUBE FOR SENSITIVE SKINI BOUGHT IT AND TRIED IT.I LOVE IT SINCE MY SKIN IS N'T THAT FLAWLESS , I HAVE SOME PIMPLES EVERY NOW AND THEN , ANDITS MILD ENOUGH FOR MY SKIN
 Incredible product for extremely irritated skin !!!! and I have a cousin that have used this product since a couple of years and his skin looks fresh and younger !!!! I have recomended to several people and every one calls me back to thank me for the advise .
 I work with an oxygen/propane torch everyday . I need UV and heat protection for my skin . This lotion was suggested by another lampworker . It is great as it provides protection against UV and the heat . I wish it was a higher number like 70 , but 30 is pretty good . It also does NOT clog up your pores .
 this is an excellent product for the hair , i have been using it for 7 months and it works great .
 This compact is awesome ! The bronzer can be used as just that , a bronzer , but is neutral enough to use as a blush on just about any skin color as well . You can use it alone or with the luminous powder to add just a hint of shimmer and glow to your complexion without looking like a 12 year old girl that just escaped from a glitter factory explosion . Very classy , high-quality product !
 I love this lipstick for its moisturizing conditioner and the color lasts most of the night . The only problem was they discontinued it in most drug stores -LRB- what were they thinking ???? -RRB-
 Jasmine , freesia , orange blossoms and amber are the notes that make up this fragrance . I have been wearing this for years and always receive compliments , making it my signature scent ! After spraying , allow it to settle down for about 10 minutes , then you will smell the lovely middle ntoes that make this fragrance so addicting ! Highly recommend to all !
 The products carried by this vendor are fabulous . My husband has been using the Greek olive oil soaps for years and he loves them . But the specific Greek olive oil soap they carry is wonderful ... . as are their other offerings . I strongly recommend their products and their service . We received our shipment close to immediately ... and it is perfect . We purchased one dozen bars of soap and we recommend you do the same.Thank you .
 Product arrived as described , but it was a gift so I do n't know how well it works . It 's soap , so I assume it works fine .
 This Greek Soap has Olive Oil that help wash away drysurface cells and also help keep your body Moist try it you just might like it .
 I always use olive oil soap during the winter - nothing works better to prevent dry skin . This soap is really nice but I 'm giving it only 4 stars because it is so large as to be almost unusable . Whatever you do , do n't drop it on your toe ! I 've gotten around the bulk problem by re-purposing an old nylon bath sponge and tying a piece of the netting around the soap . Voila ! D-I-Y soap-on-a-rope .
 I bought it and been using it from couple months . I cuts the hair in the way we do it . Its simply great as its cordless and its recharging capability is good . We can even carry it anywhere in the world and ofcourse u need a power converterHope this helpsKiran Gollamudi
 it seems to be a fine item -- we have had one before , however we liked the case for the first one much better .
 I have owned my conair cordless clippers for years now . . Not sure if this is exactly the same model , but i have never had a problem with mine . Just plug in the night before and . . Bam ! Holds the charge thru my whole haircut , which i do myself , using bathroom mirror and a handheld . I have used them every other month now for about seven years , and still have lubricating oil left in the tube -LRB- it does n't take a lot each time -RRB- . It takes me around a half hour to do the cut and the attachments stay on . . On previous wahl clippers i had problems with the attachments coming off , or not going on straight . . which can be scary ! I give these five stars because they are durable -LRB- dropped mine during my last cut and the top came off , but snapped back in and i was able to finish my cut -RRB- , and the price is super inexpensive for cordless -LRB- less than two cuts or maybe even one . . and the clippers have paid for themselves compared to what salons charge -RRB- !! Definitely recommend ! I will be buying another of these to replace the one i dropped for sure !
 The clipper charges quickly , and runs for a long time on one charge . It works smoothly , and the adjustable head works just as I hoped it would .
 Bought this product as a replacement for a set of Conair cordless clippers that I used for 9 years - they finally died . I wear a high/tight and cut my own hair at least once a week . These clippers are a bit different than the older version
 Conair 22 piece cord/cordless Haircut Kit comes with : - A hard plastic storage case that makes storage neat and tidy.-An instruction manual that comes in English and Spanish . In the manual you find the instructions and maintenance instructions but also a kit replacement parts and accessories order form and hair cutting tips.-Two combs with two comb widths each ; therefore , four different widths-One hair clip-Lubricating oil and mini cleaning brush-One pair of hair trimming scissors-Conair hair clipper that comes with batteries , has an on/off switch , and an adjustable taper lever . The blades are made of high carbon stainless steel.-Power cord for the hair clipper . It is 2 prong and would not take up more than one outlet-Guard for Conair hair clipper-Hair trimming guards # 1 - # 8 , AND a right and left ear guard . Each guard is labeled.-A cape with tiesI have used this Conair clipper , and just about everything to test it , and it works great . At the time I bought this device there was a coupon through Amazon Deals , so you might want to check for that.To register your product you can go to -LSB- ... -RSB- . This is good to do so the company can send you recall information.Pros : - The Conair clipper is rechargeable , which is great if you want to trim hair outside or away from an outlet-you do n't have to worry about outlets and cords . There is a red light on the clipper to indicate that the device is charging.-The clipper device is lightweight , does not vibrate too much , and is curved for a comfortable grip.-Limited five year warrantyCons : - The cape , unfortunately , is like a garbage bag with ties ... and it does not cover the entire body -LRB- it looks like the front of a t-shirt -RRB- . The ties only fit snug around an adult 's neck , not a child 's . My tip to cover a child 's neck
 Had older conair clippers so tried this as a replacement . Really nice clippers . Holds a charge and easy to use . Do n't hesitate to order these . You will like them .
 Love this product . People always ask where they can buy it after they use it .
 Excellent , non-drying hand cleaner . Also , wonderful smell . Use in the kitchen and bathroom .
 In most respects , this is a great soap - it lathers nicely , does n't dry the hands , and feels like it 's good quality . Minus one star because the scent -LRB- Lemon Verbena -RRB- overwhelms and lingers on the hands . The scent is n't unpleasant , just very strong .
 Will probably order again . Smells good ... but so do many other soaps . I 'm not sure what sets this products apart from the others . I just like that I can but it in bulk .
 Just moved into a new house and decided to only use Mrs. Meyers in the kitchen and bathrooms . Everyone comments how great the fragrance is . And when I use the countertop cleaner , then people want to know which air freshener I use - none . The countertop cleaner works as both ! Geranium is my favorite . Not too flowery . Even my guys use it .
 I bought a six-pack as gifts for friends and family and kept a bottle for ourselves . What a nice clean scent , which everybody really enjoys . Is it basil , exactly ? Not sure , I grow basil and well , it 's not exactly like fresh basil , but no matter , it 's unique and quite nice , and leaves a pleasant scent on the hands . Oh , and it also cleans the hands nicely and comes in a nice-looking pump container . I actually dumped the contents into out Simple Human auto dispenser and the contents fit exactly into the reservoir and flows well from the dispenser.I 'd like to try the others , although it would be nice if there was a ` sampler ; or variety ' pack .
 I buy these soaps for the office . They smell so good that people want to wash their hands which is great . Anything that helps fight the spread of germs is a good thing . The smell is wonderful , not overpowering at all . There is no chemical , manufactured smell . I highly recommend these soaps for the workplace and at home .
 Check out the refills for this sold on amazon , I subscribed to them - they work great with the simple human automatic soap dispenser : -RRB- This soap has better ingredients than the method soap that I compared it too , of course both are so much better than soft soap there 's no comparison . It rinses off a bit better than the method which is the other main reason I prefer it.Item arrived safely so no complaints there.I have tried both the lavender and lemon verbena in the mrs. meyers hand soap , and I feel the laveneder IS too strong a scent , but the lemon is great . The scent is noticeable on your hands right after washing , but it is mild and pleasant , and it goes away . I am pretty sensitive to smell and I really think this scent is just fine for both the kitchen and the bathroom.You might be able to find a 4 dollar bottle to try this soap at target -LRB- my target had it in the `` green '' cleaning product section - not with the rest of the hand soap -RRB- as a way of testing it out !
 Mrs. Meyer 's Hand Soap is simply wonderful . It has the freshest lavender smell of any type of scented hand soap I have ever purchased . My daughter-in-law got me started on it a couple years ago and now I purchase it by the case . A case lasts a very long time in a 2-party household because it is so concentrated . I suggest one-half pump at the most for lightly soiled hands from the garden . I wash my face with it at night and enjoy the smell until I fall asleep !
 Mrs. Meyer 's Geranium scent is my favorite so far . The scent is soft with a hint of rose and absolutely divine . It makes me happy .
 I bought the Lavender and really like it . I use the soap to make foam soap . Use 3 TBLS of the soap and add 2/3 cup warm water to a pump soap bottle . Let the bottle sit for 10 minutes , DO NOT SHAKE !! There you have it , your own homemade foam soap . This way your Mrs. Meyer 's will go much further . Love the fact that this soap leaves your hands feeling soft .
 Mrs. Meyer 's hand soaps give me a little lift every time I wash my hands -- they smell so delightful , and they 're not at all drying . I personally LOVE the geranium scent -- it 's a lovely , springy not-too-sweet floral with an unusual geranium aroma that 's hard for others to pinpoint . I love the dish soap and counter spray , also , but they 're priced at a slight premium over other cleaning products ; I think the most bang for the buck comes with the hand soap.The geranium is an unusual love-it-or-hate-it scent . Given the five star rating , you know where I stand . I do n't know that the floral scent would appeal equally to most men or younger children and some may find it overpowering.Mrs . Meyer 's offered a seasonal peppermint-vanilla scent over the holidays that was out of this world . It 's not available year-round , but I 'm trying to make what I have last till next year -LRB- and hope it 's offered again -RRB- .
 this it greatness in a soap bottle ! just a drop and it suds up so fine . the whole family like it .
 I really , REALLY like Mrs. Meyer 's basil hand soap . I love the price point and ingredients . I like the -LRB- semi-masculine/unisex -RRB- scent and packaging a lot . It 's not overly drying and very much appropriate any place in the home . This is one of my top 5 hand soaps !
 The lavender scent smells nice and fresh . The soap dose n't seem to dry my hands out as much as other non-natural soaps .
 I 'm a guy , and guys are n't supposed to love soaps . But , I love this soap.I initially bought some because I was doing a bunch of stuff with cleaning some books , and that made my hands really really dry . So I was looking for a way to avoid dryness in my hands without having to put on any lotions . This soap worked perfectly . But , this soap is n't a harsh de-greaser , and so I feel a little like if someone has a water softener in their house . It feels like there 's lotion inside the soap.The container looks really nice , much better than the usual soap dispensers that I usually use . And I have one in the kitchen and one in the bathroom.Pros : + Great soap that does n't dry out your hands + Feels nice to wash your hands + Looks very professional . If you 're trying to upgrade your bathroom , this is a quick way of doing it + I got the geranium kind , and it smells great , and not too floweryCons : - About 20 % of the time , it wo n't put air back into the container , and so sometimes the container will look collapsed-If you 're used to a harsh direct clean , you 'll have to spend a little more time washing your hands . But you really should wash your hands for at least a minute , anyway
 I love the refreshing , gentle aroma of lavender . There are few aromas as pleasing as lavender . This particular soap is my favorite of the Mrs. Meyer 's soap products . Your hands have a smooth , clean feel with no soapy residue after you rinse them off . The bottle has a pump that works quite well and as another reviewer on the US boards noted , adding a little water when your supply runs low helps you use every bit of this soap without it going to waste .
 We are trying to use more natural products at home and recently switched to natural hand soaps . This one smells amazing ! It does not smell artificial like that other popular lavender hand soap . And you ca n't beat Amazon 's price !
 I bought this soap because it does not contain triclosan , an antibacterial agent found in many soaps . This soap is very nice .
 I 'll start by saying I am a medical professional and wash my hands all day long . So I really notice the soaps that dry out my skin . I find this soap to be very mild/gentle on the skin , but still feels very clean . I also like the mild lavender smell , not overpoweringly perfumed as some soaps are . I now use this as my sole handsoap at home.To top it off if you purchase it via subscribe and save option you really ca n't beat the price either.Good Soap , Good buy .
 I used to get the lavender scent soap . But ended up ordering the lemon verbena this time by mistake . What a great mistake ! I love this scent and this soap has since taken over as the house favorite . The scent is nice and clean . Not too flowery .
 This stuff is the best ! A true lavender scent and easy on the hands .
 Very nice soap . I gave this in combination with the Lemon Verbena lotion in gift baskets for Christmas . Everyone loved them . I kept a set for myself .
 I am sensitive to scents -- overly sweet or processed perfumes give me headaches . like all of the other mrs. meyers products that I have tried , the scents in this hand soap are from natural essential oils and so they do n't bother me the same way that other products do.this is my favorite of the mrs. meyers hand soaps , the soap itself washes well without drying out your hands . the bottle is attractively designed and the pump works very nicely . with some soaps that I have tried in the past , by the time you near the bottom of the bottle the pump does n't work very well because it gets clogged . this does n't happen with the mrs. meyers soaps -- no clogs and no leaks!I use the geranium in the bathroom and the lemon verbena in the kitchen . both work wonderfully and smell great . they are a little expensive compared to other hand soaps , but I find that the bottles last a really long time -- and , yes , I do wash my hands regularly :-RRB- you can get a good couple of weeks out of one bottle .
 Not only is this the best smelling and best cleaning hand soap around , it is also the most economical . I have on case of 6 delivered every 3 months for both my home and office and I ALWAYS have at least one extra when the new order comes in . This stuff is so great ... just a small amount in your hands and clean , clean , clean ! Really , I am a massage therapist working in a Chiropractic setting ... we wash our hands ALL OF THE TIME and this is by far the best product out there . I do n't need moisturizer every 10 minutes because I wash my hands so often like I did with so many other products . I am so glad to have found Mrs. Meyer 's and to have found it at such a great price .
 With recent attempts in doing my part in becoming more Green , I happened across this product . I found it at my local grocer and I love it ! I stood in the aisle what seemed for hours trying to determine which scent smelled the best . I liked them all but my favorite is Geranium . My hands feels clean and soft after washing them.I feel good that this product is naturally derived from ingredients like corn , sugar cane , coconut and palm . Mrs. Meyer 's website states they `` can not find a plant-derived ingredient that performs to our rigorous standards , we use ingredients from the world of safe synthetics . These are materials with a long history of safety and efficacy in use , for people and the environment they live in . `` Another plus is that they do n't test their products on animals either . They pride theirselves as being `` cruelty-free '' . This product will be at every sink in my house ; -RSB-
 We love Mrs Meyers hand soaps . Great on the hands and wonderful scents .
 Wow this smells great , and works well without being drying ! Who could ask for more ?
 We were looking for a hand soap for the kitchen that would be strong enough to kill offensive scents -LRB- onions , garlic , etc. -RRB- but still be gentle on the hands since we probably do way too much washing with antibacterial soap as it is.I 'm a gardener and one of my favorite plants to grow , propagate , and use for different things around the house/kitchen is Lemon Verbena . So I 'm cutting the actual plant and leaves a lot , and smelling it every day out in my garden . This soap smells NOTHING like Lemon Verbena . However , it still smells lovely - sort of grassy and forest-y , almost a little bit like one of those green tree-shaped car air fresheners and a fresh wreath during the holidays.Anyway , the scent is fine , the soap seems to be doing a good job and is kind on both my crazy-dry hands and my daughter 's sensitive skin -LRB- she suffers from both eczema and allergies -RRB- . It 's a nice addition to the sink . I 'm looking forward to trying some of the other scents , as well .
 This soap feels better on my hands that any of the usual store brand I have bought . After using the soap my skin actually feel smoother and healthier than it did before . Sort of like if I put lotion on my hands , but without any residue that lotions normally have . The scent is nice , but not overbearing . The bottle says that the product is an aromatherapy hand soap , but I do n't feel the scent is strong enough or last long enough for any sort of mood enhancement or stress relief . Even though the two bottles cost a little more than the store brands , I figure it is worth it . For how much better this soap feels I do n't mind my annual hand soap budget going from $ 10 to $ 15 dollars.Overall 5 stars for a great product at a great price . I will buy again if the price remains the same .
 I 'm in Love with Geranium scent Mrs. Meyer 's Anything!I 've liked and used Mrs. Meyers for years!But I 've Never found the Geranium scent!I Love Floral scents ... even in my perfume ... Now I have this amazing scent for household cleaning!I have Never been Happier with a product in my life !
 If you like a clean , fresh scent , soft but last long.You will love this product!The best unbeatable price when you subscribe for automatic shipping with amazon.NOTE
 I am , typically , very picky about product consistency and scent , but this product is fantastic !! Smooth , lightly scented and leaves my hands feeling soft and clean . Fantastic product !
 I absolutely love fresh basil . I love the way it tastes and I love the way it smells . On food . On me , I was n't so sure . But having the utmost respect for every other ` flavor ' that Mrs Meyer 's produces , I decided to try it on faith . Boy , am I glad I did.The smell is a very green , clean , warm smell . I may not have thought basil at first , but you can smell more in basil growing wild in an earthy , rich garden - the smell of the flowers that grow at the top of the plant , combined with the beautiful ground it grows in . Wow , I love it.Certainly , as with everything Mrs. Meyer 's does , it works well . Like the other scents , it is very strong in the bottle , becoming less sharp and more rich when mixed with water . There is no chemical/perfume smell - only the clean smell lingers on your hands and reminds you to wash again.A +
 Love , love , love ! Great clean lavender fragrance without being overpowering -LRB- even my teenage boys like it -RRB- , removes strong smells like garlic and onion , ok for sensitive skin , and does not dry skin . I have had this on `` Subscribe and Save '' for more than a year , and never had a damaged or leaking bottle . Also , the dispensers are easily reusable/refillable . Product and packaging are an excellent .
 We love this hand soap ... it cleans without drying your skin and it smells great ! We will definitely buy This product again .
 I have eczema on my fingers and the palms of my hands , an one thing that really irritates it is hand soaps . I started using this in my home -LRB- so I 'm only using other soaps out of the house -RRB- and my hands have gotten almost completely better . It 's a ton cheaper than getting specialty medically approved stuff , and it smells delicious ! Thanks , Mrs. Meyer !
 When my wife bought this soap and told me what scent it was , I was n't super excited . I love the smell of basil ... you know ... on FOOD . That said , this has turned out to be one of my absolute favorite of hand soaps . The basil fragrance is mixed with something sweet -LRB- maybe the Eucalyptus and Cedarwood oils ? -RRB- to create a wonderful blend that wo n't leave you at all feeling like you smell like a side-dish . I do n't believe that this hand soap is anti-bacterial -LRB- someone please correct me if I am wrong -RRB- , so that would be my one criticism . In my opinion , I would much rather have an anti-bacterial soap that is `` harsh '' on skin than a regular nourishing soap , but that 's just my own preference and I have n't taken a star off for this because I knew it going in . That said , with a mixture of essential oils and olive oil , you know that this soap will leave your hands nourished and smooth!This is a very reasonably priced soap for the amount you get in each bottle , and the dispenser pump works without issue -LRB- you may not think this is important , trust me , I 've seen these fail on numerous other brands -RRB- ! Highly recommended !
 This is good stuff . My only issue was that we ordered this product to fill our sink soap dispenser . The problem was that this soap is too thick and does n't simply pour out . If you are leaving it in the container that it comes in you wo n't have any issues .
 Nice fragrance that is not overpowering . Gentle on hands yet removes dirt and odors effectively . Mrs. Meyer 's products are not tested on animals which is very important to me and I will definately purchase this liquid hand soap again .
 This product is aromatherapy at its best . My husband loves washing and cleaning because of the delightful smell . I also recommend the Geranium scent .
 I ca n't say enough about this hand soap . At first glace , I thought `` hmm . pricey '' . But I took a whiff and that alone sold me . So I took the product home . And that small bottle lasted at least 2x as long as the normal Dial liquid hand soap I was accustomed to using ! Very concentrated/thick stuff . It lasts long , smells absolutely fantastic , and does a great job . I have a different scent in each bathroom . Basil , Lavendar and Geranium . All three smell so wonderful ! When these run out I am going to try the other scents . I 'm never going back to the Dial stuff again .
 This is my favorite hand soap and I love the crisp clean scent . I ca n't think of anything else to say !
 I love Mrs Meyer 's products , and I use them a lot , not only for hand soap . The lavender scent is nice , but not my favorite of them all . After six bottles of it in a row , I was starting to get tired of the smell .
 The first time I used Meyers basil soap , my nostrils flared in decadent delight . The smell was subtle yet intoxicating . I honestly could n't stop sniffing my fingers . It may have looked odd to the outsider , but the odorous symphony playing inside my nostrils had taken over my whole being . This is only a slight exaggeration of my euphoria.I immediately ordered a six pack of the 12.5 oz bottles for my house . I 've been enjoying this soap 's luxurious aroma ever since.My only gripe is that the bottles begin to deflate as the product is used , as if there is an air-tight seal - and as you pump , the air is drawn out of the bottle . This is only an aesthetic complaint , and does n't affect the usability of the product .
 I love the Meyer 's Clean Day Geranium products . I use the dish soap and soy candles too . Thanks Amazon -LRB- and seller -RRB- for offering this as a Subscribe and Save product -- made it cheap and convenient enough to use in all the bathrooms and kitchen .
 I buy this in bulk on amazon because it 's next to every sink in my house . Any liquid soap will get the job done , but I love the way this smells .
 i would have never even tried the geranium scent , but i went with it ... its amazing ... smells awesome . highly reccomended .
 Meyer 's is a great brand and the lavender scent is good . This brand can be way more expensive at local stores -LRB- even Target - $ 5 for one bottle ! -RRB- but it is much more affordable when purchased through Amazon . The case of 6 through the Subscribe and Save option is great as we are always running out of soap , especially during the cold/flu season . Interested to try the other scents .
 In addition to the wonderful smell of this product , I enjoy the sudsy , lather of the product . A little of it goes a long way , so the product lasts a long time . Product rinses off easily . I found the price to be a great buy through Amazon . My only complaint is that this soap seems to be a tad drying to the skin .
 I purchased this soap during the summer , and held off on reviewing it until mid-winter , so I could comment on whether or not my hands got dried out and scaley like they do every winter , thanks to frequent washing . I 'm happy to report this is still a 5-star product - everything you could want in a hand-soap - gentle , green , natural , great lather that smells wonderful , rinses clean , does n't dry out your skin , and the relatively big bottle lasts a looooonng time . Great value if you do the subscribe and save option , too !
 I love this brand and have been trying all the different products . I especially love the the hand soap . The Geranium scent is very strong and very feminine . You would not want this in your kitchen , I would n't think , or anywhere where men would be using it . The scent reminds me of the talcum powder I used to have when I was young , the kind that came in a box with a puff . Very floral and powdery . The scent is strong enough to smell the minute I go in the bathroom , almost like there is potpourri in the room . The soap is not harsh at all and the container is great - you can use every last drop of the soap without having to add water .
 I really like the smell and how well it works . Ordering it from Amazon has the added convenience of getting a large quantity of liquid hand soap to use in all the bathrooms . The soap is good quality and does not overly dry out our hands especially during the harsh winter months . Mrs Meyer 's brand has a reputation for natural products and , while some of their ingredients may be questionable -LRB- for example , sodium lauryl sulfate -RRB- , I think it is a good product overall and a safe one for my family .
 I love using this stuff in my bathroom . And I use it a lot , so this is a great price per unit . It 's normally 4.99 at Home Depot and Bed , Bath & Beyond , so what a deal !
 I purchased Mrs. Meyer 's Clean Day liquid hand soap a couple years ago from a local specialty store . Eventually I saw it at a few other locations but then it completely disappeared . I am so glad to be able to buy it via amazon . It has a nice scent - not that artificial smell many of the more common brands have . It produces suds , but they cleanly wash away . I also use Mrs. Meyer 's bar soap . I highly recommend this brand .
 This is by far the best scent of Meyer 's hand soaps . All my friends want to take it home with them .
 LOVE THIS HAND SOAP , THE BASIL IS A VERY CLEAN SMELL , A LITTLE GOES A LONG WAY , GREAT BARGAIN !
 I had never tried this soap and I 'm so glad I did . It smells delicious . Works great too .
 I am enjoying this line of liquid hand soap very much . It smells great , lathers up nicely and a little bit goes a long way .
 Mrs. Meyer 's products never disappoint . We stock these products in our men 's room at the office . They smell wonderful . The basil is a light , fresh scent not especially feminine like a lavender so it 's goes over better in the guys bathroom . It leaves a nice after scent in the room which is nice too . The soap clean well and has no chemicals in it .
 I 'm not sure I would call the fragrance , basil , but it has a wonderful herbal smell that I love . While it is n't overwhelming , the fragrance stays on your hands for a while after you dry them . I 'll probably try the dish soap in the basil next.I 've been buying Mrs. Meyers products for several years and love to buy them by the case on Amazon because the price is more reasonable and I do n't have to worry about running out for a while . I 've also used the Geranium , Lemon Verbena and Lavender and love them all.You ca n't go wrong with Mrs. Meyers products and will probably want to try more of their cleaning products after you experience this one .
 I wish they can improve the packaging to make it a little bit more elegant . Other than that , the product is fantastic . .
 I got this soap for my sister-in-law because she had used it before and wanted more for christmas . She loves the smell and it cleans your hands very well .
 Smells great , not drying , and I guess its safe too ... but the scent is really what sells me on this one
 Although I would n't call this a pure lavender scent -LRB- It smells almost like there is a dash of cinnamon in it ... which sounds wierd but smells really , really good . -RRB- - I love this stuff , it 's worth the cost and is GREAT in guest bathrooms ... after I use it , I catch myself sniffing my hands : -RRB-
 ***** I have tried all three of these Mrs. Meyer 's Hand Soaps , and love them all . The lavender and lemon verbena are great ; geranium is my favorite though , because it 's so different -- not many things have this fragrance and I like it . All of the hand soaps smell very natural and make your hands feel clean without drying them out . Also very important to me is that the bottle is super sturdy from beginning to end and pumps nicely ; you can even add water at the end to use up every last little bit of soap -LRB- which we do -RRB- . Highly recommended . *****
 I originally found these at my local market . They were on a `` close-out '' deal and because I already knew I liked the Mrs. Meyer 's for cleaning products with natural ingredients that worked wonderfully , it was a deal I could n't refuse . I grabbed up a couple of the 12.5 oz . dispensers . After the first use , I put them back on my shopping list to grab up any more that may have beem left at the store . I also checked here to compare prices and found and boughtMrs . Meyer 's Clean Day Liquid Hand Soap Refills , Lavender 1 liter -LRB- 33 fl.oz . -RRB- -LRB- Pack of 6 -RRB- -LRB- see my review -RRB- - a really good deal - and lucky for me because on my next shopping trip I discovered the dispensers were all gone . Not a big surprise.I also saw the dispensers sold here in both multi-packs and singles -LRB- the singles come out more expensive with the shipping charge -RRB- , and came back for this multi-pack to add to some Christmas baskets I am making up . Although the dispenser itself is nothing fancy looking , I am sure the reciepients will love it as much as I do.This soap is wonderful for hand cleaning . it 's gentle and leaves a lavender scent that you 'll want to inhale all day . According to the bottle lavender is `` Aromatherapeutic '' , for it 's soothing qualities and `` believed to relieve fatigue '' . And I believe all of it!Using with hot water and washing for `` at least 30 seconds '' should leave your hands clean and germ free . But I found several other perks for this soap . After cooking with fish , onions , garlic or other foods that left a smell on my hands , this lavender soap took care of that leaving it 's fresh scent instead . I liked it so much I even occasionally take it in the shower with me . I also found it to be a great soap for hand washable delicate clothing . Not only does it gently clean and leave the lavender scent on those as well , but it only took a couple of squrits to fill my basin with with suds and rinsed REALLY easily as well.So you do n't have to buy the pumps first . If you have any hand soap pumps or even diswashing soap bottles , just rinse then out real well and use the refills to them . I keep one in my kitchen and one in the bathroom.So if you just want to try one dispenser first , check your market - I found mine not in with the regular hand soaps , but in the section where the more natural beauty products were sold.Ingredients are listed on the detail/product page where it is sold.Remember to breathe , eat healthy and enjoy the holidays ... Laurie
 We keep Mrs. Meyers Clean Day Liquid Hand Soap in the sent of Basil and Lavender in our guest bathrooms . All our guests rave about the scent . Sure , there are more affordable soaps ; however , Mrs. Meyers makes us , as well as our guests , very happy . We now use their laundry soap , dryer sheets , dish soap , and counter top spray . The products are well worth the extra price .
 I 've now tried all three scents in Mrs. Meyer 's liquid hand soaps and love them all . Amazon sells them in bulk at a discount so is easy to fill my house with a new scent each time I order .
 I am absolutely in love with the Mrs. Meyer 's Basil scented products . So much so that we 've ended up ordering them on automatic shipments so that we are never caught without our MM Basil hand soap , laundry detergent , scent diffusers , dish soap , and counter spray . I am probably one of the pickiest people in the world regarding scents and have ended up either disliking or tiring of almost every soap/lotion/detergent out there due to overpowering scents or too chemically smelling formulas . Mrs. Meyer 's gets it just right with their Basil hand soap , which is fresh , clean , and effective . I love the packaging/labeling too ! As someone who does n't like flowery , fruity , musky , or perfume-y scents , it 's almost impossible to find something that 's even tolerable , let alone something that I would love this much , but I 'm hooked . Now if only Mrs. Meyer 's would make perfume and body lotion in Basil , I would buy it by the truckload !
 It works well . It does n't seem to leave a film on my hands -LRB- almost everything else I 've tried feels like they do -RRB- . And it smells great .
 Not only is Mrs. Meyer 's Lemon Verbena Hand Soap earth friendly and not tested on animals , but it 's a wonderful soap with great lemon verbena fragrance that leaves your hands feeling soft with a lingering hint of lemon verbena . I 've tried several other scents from Mrs. Meyers , but I keep coming back to this one . It has such a nice , clean smell . -LRB- The dish washing liquid in this fragrance is great too . -RRB- Mrs. Meyer 's Clean Day Dish Soap , Lemon Verbena , Case of 6 - 16 Ounce Bottles -LRB- 96 Ounces -RRB- I love ordering from Amazon by the case because we use them in the main bath , the guest bath and the laundry room sink and this way I do n't run out as quickly . -LRB- The description says these are 2.5 oz . but they are actually 12.5 oz . -RRB-
 We were using the Basil scent which we really loved and I decided to try something new so we ordered the Lemon Verbena . The lemon scent is much more of a kitchen-type smell and seems to linger a bit more . Maybe it 's more of a traditional soap smell but we do n't love it like the Basil scent . I guess you just need to like a strong lemon smell though . The soap itself lathers up well and does a good job though .
 We 've had the lavender and been very pleased with both fragrances . They 're both nice - lather well and rinse off cleanly . The fragrance is nice - not too overpowering . Good product .
 I love the lemon smell of the Meyers hand soap . Good Stuff for sure . I will be buying more once this six pack runs out .
 I love the smell - both the Lemon and the Basil.Most people will look at the price and think it 's expensive - which it is . However , the soap lasts and lasts way longer than the $ 1 you pick up the store . My GF commented on that and how we buy the 6 pack and lasts us for awhile . So if you 're a female , go with it . If you 're a guy , go with the female .
 best price I 've found anywhere for this lovely handsoap.this is by far the best scent they offer . this size works very nicely too in most home bathrooms .
 I enjoy using Mrs. Meyer 's products , but I especially like anything with the gardenia scent , so it was a treat to find the hand soap in that scent . The soap is gentle on the hands and leaves a pleasant odor after washing , both on the hands and in the air in the restroom .
 Love love LOVE this soap . Smells amazing and it is truly a unique smell . I feel like this soap lasts longer than foam soap as well . I buy it by the case and frequently give away ! I ca n't imagine ever not having this around the house !
 Ohhhh ... Soooo Gooooood!Highly concentrated formula ... very refreshing ... I would recommend this product to anyone without hesitation.A little bit of soap goes a long way as this is a premium priced product .
 This is really the best product I have used on my face ! I do n't suffer from acne but will get occasional zits and scars from where I would pick those zits . Within two weeks I notice my scars fading and my face returning to its normal color -LRB- not red -RRB- . I hope amazon continues to sell this product due to the fact it is not found in any store anymore !
 My mother purchased this set for me years ago when I was a teenager suffering from acne and when it came time to refill my stash I could ` nt find the set anywhere ! Thank god they sell it on amazon ! Hands down best set I have ever used , it cleared up my scars right away , and left my face glowing , not to mention kept me from breaking out ! It smells very nice and is mild so the scrub isnt harsh at all and the daytime lotion has sunscreen in it which is a real plus ! I am a mom now and I STILL suffer from acne but I will be buying this set and this set only for as long as I can find it ! I would reccomend this to anyone with acne scars and existing acne !
 A few years back I had a terrible experience at the Clinique counter . One of those `` free facial and makeup '' things . I kept telling the woman that I had extremely dry skin and her miracle `` just a drop or two '' moisturizer would not suffice . To top it off she insisted that the face powder she puffed all over me would not dry my skin . So after I left -LRB- looking like a clown , I might add -RRB- , I walked through the mall feeling my face tighten up , getting more and more painful . Feeling like my skin was going to crack , I stumbled to the nearest cosmetics counter for emergency relief . At the Clarins counter they gave me one of their free facials/product demos . Afterwards , I felt wonderful . I loved this particular team because they did n't pressure me to get the whole product line , but instead prioritized them . They approved of my usual moisturizer -LRB- Dermalogica Intensive Moisture Balance -RRB- , and suggested that I apply a small amount of Clarins facial oil , and then apply my moisturizer on top . It actually presses the oil into my skin , and my face is soft and feels great all day -LRB- or all night -RRB- long . It also smells fantastic . They have a couple of types of facial oil , one for `` dry '' skin and one for `` dehydrated '' . I personally feel that they both work the same , and they both smell great . If you have the chance , sniff them at a store that sells them -LRB- like Nordstrom 's -RRB- to decide what kind you like best.Clarins has some nice other products , but they can be pretty pricey in the store and some smell too strong for my taste . This one I love and have used regularly ever since that first day .
 Good value and a nice perfume . Arrived quickly and in good shape . I have worn this fragrance for years and get lots of compliments .
 Love this flattering mature fragrance . My favorite . Get many compliments . Perfect small size for purse . Fast ship . Very happy with purchase .
 On a train trip to NYC a young woman sat next to me and her perfume was so lovely that i had to ask what it was and soon after i bought it . The scent is woodsy with a hint of Asian Island spices like cinnamon . It is elegant and not overdone so can also be casual , a wide range for any scent or garment to cover . Just a little is perfect . It is warm , lacking floral undertones though i personally think that it compliments certain florals like jasmine and rose well . There are none of the undertones i dislike in some scents such as smoke , industrial smells , cloying scents , or sour smells .
 Lollia Life is Margot Elena 's top-end brand . I first received it as a birthday gift and then bought again for myself . It 's definitely ` relaxing ' as the title describes . I would recommend it to anyone . -LRB- If you 're looking for something slightly more affordable , try Margot Elena 's mid-end brand , Tokyo Milk . -RRB-
 I love this bubble bath and it makes a great gift !!! Thank you Lollia .
 This bottle of foaming bubble bath caught my eye when I was Christmas shopping in Breckenridge a couple years ago . I have been meaning to purchase it for a while and forgot about it . I remembered it again during the holidays and thought this would make a FANTASTIC gift for my best friend . She loves to take baths ! I am just sure she will be beside herself when she opens this one ! : D
 Well , I never bought this on Amazon , -LRB- I got it at Nordstrom -RRB- but it 's a great cologne . I got a lot of complements on it from both the ladies and guys . Ladies would be like , `` Dang boy you smell so gooooood '' and the dudes would be all , `` What are you wearing ? That smells really good ! '' So yeah , it 's a great cologne ... one of the best I 've owned . Not sure if you like the Price-Point here at $ 45 , but I guess it 's better than paying full price in the stores . .
 Hard to find but a favorite . Delighted that it is available . This is the 2nd time I have ordered this product through Amazon .
 I like these rollers because they have little teeth on them that holds the hair so that they wo n't slip out . It does take them a while to heat-up , but I usually plug them in ahead of time , so it does n't really matter to me . The clips are easy to use and keep the rollers in place . I 've tried the rollers covered in that velvet material , but they just did n't hold the hair in place . These have been my favorite so far . My only complaint is that I wish extra rollers and clips were sold in the stores , but you can order them directly from Conair .
 I love this product . The fragrance is lasting and I get many compliments about it . I would recommend this product .
 Great . Hmm , it say that 19 more words are required ? Why is that ? I was n't really wanting to do anything but give a Star rating
 `` Highest of all the oils -LRB- Spiritual -RRB- ; approximately 320 MHz . It enhances the frequency of every cell , bringing balance and harmony to the body . '' ~ Reference Guide for Essential Oils by Connie and Alan HigleyLegends tell the romantic story of how Cleopatra loved rose oil . This is a .25 FL.Oz . Bottle of rose oil . If you have checked the prices for pure essential oil of rose then you will appreciate the price of this rose perfume oil . This is so affordable.Rose oil can heal your body , soul and spirit . I love using this particular oil when doing the Hemalaya Behl Natural Journey Yoga workouts for Urban Living . I like to create moods for my workouts . Sometimes lavender is the choice for relaxation , but with Hemalaya Behl , the choice is definitely rose oil.This oil will bring a poetic beauty to your life and can alleviate times of emotional upheaval . Use for dry skin -LRB- add to creams -RRB- , addictive behavior , anger , despair , depression , grief , nervous anxiety , heart problems , emotional fatigue , irritability and insomnia.I also noticed a boost in self-confidence after I started using this product . I really notice that my moods lift after using this product . It honestly does alleviate depression . As a woman who has to deal with the cycles of life , this is now one of my weapons against irritability , anger , weepiness , depression and fatigue.Using this oil at night also allows me to drift into a blissful slumber . I have vivid dreams and I awaken refreshed . If you have n't tried this oil while doing yoga , it will take the entire experience to a new sensory level . ~ The Rebecca Review
 These are fantastic for removing waterproof eye makeup without making your eyes sting , no worries about cotton wool and separate containers , it 's all there . Wish you could buy them more widely !
 I ca n't live without these makeup remover pads . I ca n't find them in the drugstores anymore so Amazon.com has my business . True , they are a bit oily , but that 's fine by me . They do the job quickly and thoroughly without drying my eyelids and surrounding skin .
 Very nice product . The scent -LRB- albeit floral , but not overwhelming after a minute or two -RRB- is very pleasant to me . I do n't know if it is as effective as tea tree with additional ingredients , but I like it anyway .
 Considered going to a dermatologist for my annoying sun spot on the side of my nose.I decided to give this a shot and I would have to honestly say the spot which was a little dense almost completely disapeared in about 3 weeks.I am very satisifed .
 Je suis alle a Paris beaucoup d'annees longtemps . J'ai trouve un magazin de parfum , et , en mon francais tres pauvre , j' ai demande un parfum tres francais pour mon epouse , et ce parfum est l'un que la jeune fille a recommande .
 I am so pleased to have found Diva , my Eau De Perfume for many , many years in Amazon . I tried many times before to find it in dept. stores with no luck . In addition , the fact that now Amazon sells it directly to you not through a second vendor is one more reason to get it here and quick with Prime . I am a happy deliciously -LRB- Diva -RRB- perfumed customer ! Sonia Benavides
 The product was in perfect form and your delivery was accurate and speedy . Thank you for your excellent service . When I need more Diva , I now know where to turn . Can you get the Diva shower gel ? I have n't been able to locate it , but I 've seen it on the Ungaro web site , so I know it exists . Unfortunately , you ca n't order directly from that web site . Thanks again and have a good day . -- Beth : -RRB-
 I bought this for my mother as a Mothers Day present . She loved it so much I bought her two more . Great price for such a superb product .
 Regalo realizado a mi madre , perfume descontinuado en gran parte de sudamerica , de gran prestigio . Perdura la fragancia . Recomendada a los qeu conocen dicha marca de perfume
 I have been using this for many years and I always receive comments on it wheh I wear it . It is not too ` flowery ' or too sweet it has a sophisticated just right fragrence .
 I breezed by a woman in the airport and had to ask her what she was wearing . Very nice , but ... just a single tiny spritz on your wrists . Too strong for me up by my neck where I usually place my perfume . Have had lots of compliments from both genders and inquiries as to name of pefume .
 I have been wearing Diva by Ungaro for many years and have always received many compliments ... I love this perfume and am delighted with this purchase , delivered in the time promised with a nice note from the store . So glad to have a full bottle of this perfume again !
 Fragrance is so personal , that one person 's review is just that . This is a warm , sensual , bury your nose into your clothes , yet not overpowering . i bought two already so I do n't run out .
 My wife loves this perfume . Long lasting , but not overpowering . She likes the fragrance and I do too . I highly recommend it .
 This scent is only for divas !! It is heady and believe me , you will be noticed !! However , it can overwhelm any one if you over spray it , so use it sparingly!Enjoy this beautiful scent !
 Product is exactly like product description , shiping , packing ... all was exellentI recomended this .
 Thus stuff works amazing I can not be without it . Soon as I start to get low u will reorder . It is not greasy at all . It is so moist and not tight like most cleanser . .
 I discovered Mavaderma Nail Growth Stimulator about a decade ago when I was living in Switzerland . I find the product great for doing what it says , namely , stimulating nail growth . I do not know another product that works as well . I am so happy to have it on Amazon .
 This shampoo leaves your hair very clean and helps to restore luster and minimize breakage of damaged hair . It is fantastic .
 We took a chance and ordered this shampoo without trying it first ! But it was worth it !!!! Its a great shampoo !!!! Makes your hair `` alive '' and if you have a dry hair - its perfect , makes it moisture , but still keeps the volume . So glad we gave it a try . Its made in Japan , all the best shampoos made in Japan , great quality . So pleased with this product .
 Pacifica soap is the best I have ever used . Their judicious use of scent is in perfect balance . It does not irritate my sensitive skin and makes a wonderful gift
 I purchased this soap set as a gift for my aunt . She absolutely loves these soaps and is always telling me how fabulous and exotic they smell ! She says they leave her skin soft and silky . She would definitely recommend these soaps .
 Report from the wife , who I gave these soaps as a gift : `` Scrumptious ! All natural , no perfumes . '' Not to mention nicely packaged .
 This perfume was discontinued a few years ago , but I have still faithfully been ordering it from Amazon . Unfortunately this time I could definitely tell that the product is older ; the color is not quite right and the scent does n't last as long.That being said , I still love this perfume and wish RL would start producing it again !
 I love this stuff . I had never heard of it before and was buying a small size for a friend at work for Christmas . Of course I had to smell it and wow ... so then I tried a little on to see how it was on me . Loved it every since .
 Love this item please let me know if anyone finds the full size item again . I dont know why RL stopped making it !!!
 I have been using this lip balm for the past 10 years . It works in the cold weather to the desert of Oman .
 I have used this product for 10 years . I love it and I can not live without it . I found it in Hawaii on vacation and have used it ever since . I was delighted to find I could buy it from a store near by me . I am retired now and am traveling full time . I needed to find another way to get it . I am thrilled to be able to buy it from Amazon.com.Thank you , thank you , thank you for carrying it !
 This product is wonderful . It is creamy and goes on so smooth . I use it not only as a lip liner but as my lipstick as well . It lasts a long time and the price is great . Every time I wear it -LRB- which is often -RRB- I get comments on how great the color is . The color is `` Nearly Nude '' but it is really a creamy pink with nude undertones . I love it and purchased 5 at a time and will keep on buying .
 I happened upon this product at Nordstrom 's Rack and picked up one . Boy did I wish I had grabbed a handful . I have been buying Origin 's automatic lip liner for about $ 22.00 a pop and these are just as good , if not better . On a lark I searched Amazon to see if they had them . Yep ! I use the Black Berry as I like to wear dark and wine colored lipsticks . I am going to grab a handful this time . The liner goes on easily and keeps my lipstick in place . Makes a nice frame for the lipstick .
 A friend introduced me to Galore 25 years ago . It 's refreshing , not too heavy and not too expensive for a retiree . If you do n't like musky , heavy scents this is perfect .
 This works well , but I had hoped for a better buffer . Maybe I just have n't used it enough to be comfortable with it . It is a neat little tool for what I paid for it .
 Used it for first time after plugging in for about 7 hours and it was powerful . Much more powerful than I thought it would be . I used it to clean up my cuticles before polishing my nails and it did a great job . I 'm glad I bought this one rather than the ones sold in drugstores .
 I 've had mine for a year and love it . Just bought 3 more for my daughters . A little steep , but worth it .
 Great tools . I had a small battery operated set previously , but this unit is so good . Lots of power and it actually works to smooth my gel nails between fills . Great kit ... would make a good gift .
 I have tried other electric manicure/pedicure sets and been disappointed . This one works well . It has enough power to really file your nails , even your toe nails . It is comfortable to hold .
 One of the most easily used and convenient tools I 've ever owned . Definitely worth the price .
 This is a real life-saver ! I can keep my nails in good shape now .
 I AM HANDICAPPED - CA N'T CUT MY NAILS ANY LONGER - MY HUSBAND FILES MY TOE NAILS DOWN - AND I FILE MY FINGERNAILS DOWN - AM SO HAPPY WITH MY PEDICURE SET -- THANK YOU VERY MUCH-MRS . DELORES ROSENKILDE
 My Nail Genie Junior lost is old as the hills and I lost some bits . Replacement bits were insanely expensive . So i got this and what a value . No cord to get in the way . Comes with a bunch of attachments and replacement bits . Powerful for little drill . I have made myself bleed a couple of times . Bought this to fight toe nail fungus and I 'm finally winning the battle by keeping the nail filed down and letting the medicine really soak in . Threw the Nail Genie Junior away for good .
 This electric manicure pedicure kit is a great tool for shaping up fingernails and toenails . It comes with 6 attachments for shaping nails , smoothing nail surfaces and edges and a circular brush for applying creams and removing nail polish . Since I have been using this kit , my nails are in much better shape and have not split like they had been doing in the past . I would highly recommend this product .
 Had to go to the Podiatrist for my nails , they were a mess and he suggested I get a pedicure kit and this one is GREAT ... I can keep my tooties looking good and healthy ... highly recommend it ... for anyone . . it does fingernails also and helps ifyou have ingrown toenails ...
 Had an old personal model similar to this . This one is better due to the recharging stand and all the attachements . More than I expected . Using it is easy .
 Gave it as a gift to my son , I have one and He always wanted it one alike , He was really Happy when He open His package and so it
 Since March 2012 , I have had no problems with my toe nails . I use to suffer from ingrown toe nails . The Podiatrist would cut my nails straight across . When the nails grew they would inbed into my flesh and cause me infection and lots of pain . Surgery was then performed and I would have to take antibiotics and have more pain . This was a vicious circle.With this product I have been able to file and round the edges of my toe nails . I used the slimmest bit . I have also file the top of the nails keeping them fairly healthy looking -LRB- not ugly that is -RRB- . I will not do without this product . Would you please tell me where to get extra quality tools as they are called . I call them bits.P.S . I omitted one great reason to buy this product . I would have much pain when the doc clipped my toe nails . With this great little machine , I have had no pain . I am in control .
 This Product is very good . it helps to file down my hard toenails . Its nice to get a product that can Manicure Hard Toenails . Thank you Body Toolz Electric . Pearl .
 This is a great help , bought it as I had surgery on my right hand and could not cut my own fingernails or toenails . This is a great tool and I find it very helpful . I also have my son using it and he likes it too !
 Got the power and works as advertized . Plus , all the accessories you need or at least i do . I tried the corded one but his is much lighter and just as powerful with a long life charge . Use if for my nails and in between my toes . Most definitely recommended !
 Really love this great gadgit . Makes taking care of my toe nails so much easier between going to the doctor . Also great for fingernails , but have to becareful not to press to hard or will take off more than you want .
 Having attractive nails is important , both socially and professionally important because the attractiveness , or lack there-of , of one nails is tremendously indicative as to one 's mental and emotional state-of-mind . For example , one who is usually nervous about something , whatever that something might be , typically bites one 's nails and if one maintains the appearance of one 's nails with an Electric Manicure Pedicure Kit , then the sight of `` nervous nails '' ought to not be an issue .
 One of the things the wife wanted for Christmas . She was very pleased and it does exactly as expected . It being cordless and all the attachments are real nice .
 Bought this for my wife after she had requested one for Mother 's Day . She expected the standard $ 19.99 model from the local specialty store . She is delighted with this kit . Much more powerful and versatile than her past kits . Great product .
 Happy with the product . Good price for what it does . Do n't care for the flat tool for filing nails ; the plastic ridge gets in the way . But I bought it mainly for pedicures anyway and the rest of the tools work fine . Problem with other manicure kits was the rechargeable battery quitting long before it should . Hope this one lasts longer .
 I was happy with this item . Just about what I wanted , does have product information where I can order other attachments . Very happy
 I used this product for the first time this past weekend and was delighted with the results . I try to pamper myself every weekend with a home manicure and pedicure and with this product I was able to achieve very professional results !
 Love this color ! Wish they still made this color . Great color that lasts on my lips . Hope Burt 's Bees brings it back !
 I love this lip shimmer and this color and I am so mad that Burt 's Bees stopped making this color . Why would they do that !!!??? It was my favorite color and favorite lipstick
 I have been using this for over a year now and I just love it . I am very picky about any colored lip gloss . I prefer brown tones but most end up looking pink on me . Not this one . It also keeps my lips moisturized and I love the slight tingle . I use this in the winter and never get chapped lips . Great product/great color .
 This lip shimmer -LRB- toffee -RRB- has a slight tingle , wonderful color , and keeps my lips moisturized . I highly recommend it and I am picky about lip products . I tend to like brown tones and most lipstick colors end up looking somewhat pink on me . This does n't and I get compliments on it all the time .
 I was having all the woes of 51 year old skin , dryness , wrinkles , discoloration from sun damage , loss of elasticity and sagging . This product seems to be be addressing all these problems . After just two weeks my skin is more even toned and looks brighter . I am also noticing a firmness of my sagging skin and a lessening of lines and wrinkles . I use Power Rich morning and night . I am also using Dermalogica Daily Resurfacer at night . There is enough Power Rich in one tube so that you can be very generous with it , although you wo n't have to use a lot . I got nine days out of one small tube and I apply it all over my face and throat . I have used all types of high priced skin care products from LaMer to Erno Laszlo to Perricone with so-so results . I would HIGHLY recommend Dermalogica Power Rich and Dermalogica Daily Resurfacer for any women who desires to see a serious difference in her skin .
 I love this product but was somewhat skeptical about making this purchase online . Normally when you buy this retail , it comes in a 5 pack for over $ 100 . I had received one as a gift from the person who does my facials , but when I realized the cost , I did not want to spend that much money purchasing 5 at a time . This is the real stuff , and it 's not expired . It even came with a little metal `` key '' so that you can squeeze every last bit out of the tube . I was very happy with my purchase and will continue to buy from this seller .
 I 've used this product for years and I 'm surprised I do n't see it ranked when comparisons are made . Reduces fine lines around my eyes . Amazon is quick , efficient and I love free shipping with prime .
 Product arrived on time.The price was very competitive.To my surprise it arrived with free samples of other dermalogica products.They were small foil packets , great for beach or travel .
 I absolutly love this product . I do n't have bad skin but wanted a little extra glo for my wedding . I started using it at night one month before my wedding and I had so many complements on my skin 2 days after using it .
 My eyelashes and brows are definitely healthier . After a week , I am noticing a lot of new growth , as well .
 I used this product only for my eyelashes.This product does do what it claims . I apply every night before I sleep . My eyelashes were noticeably fuller and longer in about 2-3 weeks . I had more eyelashes too . However , if you want significantly longer lashes or dramatically fuller lashes , you will be disappointed . This is not a miracle product .
 I was a little worried at first considering the low price . But after two weeks of using this product on both eye lashes and eye brows , I have seen a growth . It 's not a flabbergasting amount but is pretty good considering the price paid ! I would say well worth it -LRB- :
 If you like the La Male type of scent and want it for 1/3 the price just get Perry Ellis 360 White . Identical all the way to the dry-down . Outstanding projection and longevity . No points for originality but many for affordability and being able to clone such an awesome scent . Chick magnet with loads of powdery warm vanilla . Definitely a cold weather or evening/romantic cologne . In the same realm , try Perry 360 Black and the `` New '' Perry Ellis . For a fresh clean scent check out Perry Ellis 360 Red . It smells similar to Aqua Di Gio , but lasts longer .
 People has mention that this cologne smell like Jean Paul Gaultier LE MALE.So I went to the mall to check it out for myself & yes its true , It does smell like LE MALE.If you have ever smell LE MALE , you would know that its a great but expensive cologne.So for 1/3 the price you get that great smell & still have enough money for a hot date!You will definitely get lots of compliments while wearing Perry Ellis 360 White .
 the perfume was delivered on time . my brother in law really liked the scent of it , and uses it to work everyday . planning to buy the same for my dad too !
 This was a blind buy I decided to make based on the reviews and the fact that it smells like JPG . It does smell exactly like it and for a third of the price . I love it and would definitely buy again .
 onald delgado Excellent muy bueno para comprar lo haria otra vez super bien voy hacerlo cuado tenga plata eso sera en seis meses
 Ever since I have been using this cologne I have received nothing but glowing compliments.Women are saying `` boy what a beautiful scent , not over powering just clean '' . Anyone who wants that clean , just out of the shower scent try this , I have almost 50 bottles of cologne ,49 too many.Everyone bought me colognes for Christmas and this is my go to cologne.When you sweat , trust me nobody sweats more than me , the scent does not go away it gets stronger but not over powering and you still smell nice and clean.It 's an all day cologne , not like some of the colognes where you have to respray every few hours.Just a couple of sprays and it 's goos all day.I love it.Buy it , you wo n't be disappointed .
 been wanted to get this for a long time the price is just right and it really smells good thanks
 Good buy for me here . . and Fragrance.net shipped fast ... Happy customer here ... :-RRB- Keep it up . . I 'll surely buy more ... . Thanks
 Well , it is great for gift , but its smell is not attractive cologne in the market . You pay what you get . Thanks anyway .
 muy buen producto el ni & ntilde ; o encantada con esto lo unico es que deberian envalarlo mas peque & ntilde ; o para que el envio no sea tan costoso
 This smells great on a woman . I 've been using it for years . 3 of my friends now wear it too .
 LOL at the title I chose , however , my dad always wore a fragrance that smelt as this one does . I did n't know what this smelt like , until my dad sprayed it on my mum . Immediately we both recognized it . It 's very masculine but not in an over bearing way . Great for MEN . Do n't go buying this for you teenager now , he 's dealing with hormones as is .
 I bought this cologne for my husband for his birthday . He really likes the scent a lot . Very nice manly scent without being too overpowering and strong .
 I love it . The person I bought it for loves it as well . . Price was Great . :-RRB- :-RRB- :-RRB- : -RRB-
 If you like a very typical `` manly '' sent this may not be for you . As a matter of fact when I first put it on my 11 year olf daughter thought it was something she could wear . After you put it on it stays on very well - Just know it is a floral scent - Not woods or spice , etc. . . I have people ask me what it is ... The only bad review was from a student who thought it smelled like good smelling baby powder ...
 Received cologne in a timely manner , however the cologne box holder was cheap , the cologne fell out of the bottom of the holder and the lid to the holder was to big and smashed in , the cologne bottle was fine and works and smells like it should .
 Perry Ellis 360 White is my favorite for daily use . The cost is low and it last all day long . I get complements all the time .
 I was going to get a new cologne for my husband when his was almost done with , and he liked this one that he had so much , that he said to buy it again . I think that says something ... that out of so many different colognes out there , he liked this one so much that he wanted it twice . I love the way it smells too : -RRB-
 Very pleased with this scent the ladies love the smell of it also the price was excellent and the delivery was quick I would purchase another one soon
 This was a blind buy for me I 've had a few 360 in my day but never 360 White so I got this and ohhhhhhh boy this is pretty nice I have 92 colognes and this one stands out as one of my many favors a must try if you like colognes as much as I do oh and 360 Red is nice as well
 What are you wearing ? This is the question I get asked every time I wear this cologne . I 'm assuming they are asking because they like it :-RRB- This is my second bottle and I use it daily . It last about 3 months !
 cologne smells delicious !!!! the cologne arrived within the estimated date and i will be buying from them again in the future .
 I rarely ever review products , but I had to rate this cologne . I hunted high and low for this specific scent , because it smells so great on my husband . Guys , if you want your woman to be unable to keep her hands off you , this is the one !
 colonia dulce para uso diario , totalmente economica para lo que dura.espero que agan mas ofertas por esta fragancias o otras . se gano las 5 estrellas
 I stumbled upon this cologne last year and now ca n't find it in stores any longer . Thank God for Amazon , so I stocked up !! My husband gets so many compliments when he wears this fragrance . Unfortunately the maker has put out so many other varieties that this one is probably being phased out . Guess I 'd better buy up all that Amazon 's got before any of you out there beat me to the punch !
 I love this sublock . I have oily/acne prone skin and I use this moisturizing sunblock everyday ! I love how it absorbs quickly , leaves skin feeling soft , and moisturizes the dry areas on my face . This is the perfect sunblock to wear everyday!Skin cancer is a growing epidemic and when I was inspired to wear sunblock daily , I wanted to find a sublock that was wearable on my face . I bought this sunblock about a year ago and will keep on using it for the rest of my life . Since then , I 've upgraded to SPF 45 for the summer time -LRB- I live in the desert -RRB- and they both work equally well.I 'd recommend this anybody and everbody I know!Thank God for this product .
 Works very well for me , I have very fair skin and burn easily . Have not tried at the beach , but lasts all day on the golf course or when skiing .
 This is absolutely my all-time favorite sun block ! After applying , your skin feels perfectly normal , yet the protection is there . I 've never burned using this product . I also did n't feel like I have to immediately get in the shower and wash it off after returning from an outing in the sun , unlike so many other creams and lotions . Finally , a sun block I do n't dread having to use !
 I have very fair skin and burn almost immediately . For years , I suffered with greasy , sticky sunblocks that felt heavy and made going to the beach uncomfortable . I tried this product last year and could not believe it -- it absorbs into your skin and you can barely tell it 's there . I hope they continue to make this product forever !
 This is the 2nd year that I have used the Neutrogena Ultra Sheer Dry-Touch Sunblock , SPF 45 . I have Normal to Oily , sensitive , acne-prone skin . I am fair and can burn easily.I think this product is well worth the money , it is quickly absorbed into the skin and has a dry feel . It does not make your skin look greasy and has never caused me to break out . I apply it in the morning and it pretty much lasts me a good 8 hours . The time will vary depending on your sun tolerance , though . It is also conveniently sized to toss in your bag and lasts quite awhile .
 So far , this is the one sunblock I WILL wear . It does n't smell like sunblock , it does n't feel like a sunblock , it does n't clog my pores and make my face `` glow '' and shine . In short , it works , smells and feels good ; so much so I like using it ! Thanks Neutrogena for creating a great product .
 I have to use sunblock because of my skin type . I have tried others and Neutrogena is the best ! It is non greasy , -LRB- I use it under my makeup -RRB- , blocks the sun rays and stays on long . When I go to work I have morning sun on the left side of my body and when I go home I have afternoon sun on the left side again . I had a `` farmers tan '' , the strip on my arm and on my face . Started using Neutrogena and the stripe is gone . I use the regular Neutrogena sunblock on my arms and use the dry touch on my face and neck . I highly recommend these products to anyone who needs a good sunblock .
 I 'm very fair and have sensitive , slightly oily skin . This sunblock is very effective at preventing tanning or burning , but the amazing thing about it is that it is effective without being thick , greasy , and unpleasant . The sunscreen goes on and seems to disappear into the skin . I really hate smelly sunscreen , and it does n't have a noticeable odor either . No irritation , no breakouts . I should mention that I decided to experiment with the newer Dry-Touch Sunblock SPF 55 with helioplex , and found that to be thicker and slightly irritating to my skin . I really hope they do n't change this formula !
 Very light feeling and it does n't make my skin feel oily/greasy at all ... I also have n't had any of that burning eye sensation when I apply it to my face . One of the best sunblocks I 've ever used : -RRB-
 A lot of moms now use this sunblock for our kids , babies even . Its really sheer -- non-oily and does n't leave that white sheen on you . Better than any of the `` baby '' sunblocks out there . Well worth the money .
 My entire family swears by this sunscreen . My grandmother bought my mother and me our own packages , just so we would have enough . It is not greasy at all , and you can not even feel or smell it once its applied . This makes it perfect as an everyday sunscreen , as well as one to take to the beach . HIGHLY recommended .
 I typically use a more expensive sunblock . Since I knew I would be using a lot of sunblock on a trip to Hawaii , I thought I would go with a more economical choice . After reading the reviews above , I decided to buy this , and I am very happy with the product . During my trip , I applied it liberally everyday on my face and did n't have any breakout problems at all . It felt light , not sticky nor greasy . This is a terrific buy at a great price !
 The product is amazing . After a full day in the sun your face/skin feels fresh and not oily . However , you should just go to CVS or another pharmacy to buy it because its cheaper than getting it on Amazon . Oh and Jake it does have active ingredients listed .
 I like this product very much . It applies smoothly , is absolutely non greasy , and provides the protection it says it does . It is comparatively costly -LRB- 3 oz tubes are small -RRB- but this was recommended to me by my dermatologist to prevent both UVA and UVB exposure . I am glad I bought it .
 I have very fair skin , but this product lets me be outdoors on the golf course or ski slope all day with only one application . This one actually works and has a non-greasy feel and drys very quickly
 We took this on our trip to the Caribbean recently . Normally I burn within about a half hour of sun exposure . I went all day without even getting pink ! In the water , out of the water , it did n't matter . Once in a while you find a product that actually works . This WORKS . It does n't have an over whelming odor . It dries and is not greasy . I actually got to take my shirt off and not have to worry about burning . The Coppertone just sits in the cabinet now
 For the past 6 years I used Neutrogena Active SPF-45 4 oz but it has been replaced with the $ heer Dry-Touch $ PF-45 at 3 oz and twice as expen $ ive . Good going Neutrogena , keep inflation going.Aside from that , I am an active outdoors person sitting on my deck reading , or on my sailboat , fishing , or riding my bike to name a few activities . With overly sensitive skin , I require , not need , a sunblock that works all day , impervious to ocean spray or sweat . Neutrogena 's Sheer Dry-Touch SPF-45 fits the bill to a `` T '' and works as it should . Not as oily as the Active but dries faster and goes on smoother/easier . July 2010 - Walmart has it for $ 7.00 online
 Wow . I love it . I have combination skin , and it 's a little more difficult to find a good face lotion . It goes on kind of greasy , so in the first minute you think `` ew , this is too much '' but right away it would be sucked by your skin and it just becomes like you never even put it on . By the way , I also noticed a decrease in the amount of shine combination skin usually tends to get throughout the day . Plus it 's 45 SPF . Makes you feel good about protecting yourself too : - -RRB-
 This particular sunscreen was shown on TV as being the best of 200 + sunscreens tested . Because of this , it was difficult to find at the local drug stores so I ordered it at Amazon and got a great `` 2 for '' deal .
 I really love this stuff ... I have tried so many sunblocks for my face and this is the one that has been the best . It is very sheer - not oily but moisturizing . I like the way is goes under my makeup , too , on the days I wear a foundation . It is also one of the few 45 SPFs I have used on my face that does n't drip into my eyes when I am running or riding . GREAT product !!
 Like other reviewers have stated , it goes on well , absorbs quickly , does not smell like most sunscreens , and does n't feel greasy . I 've also used it on my face with no problems . I decided to purchase this version after reading some of the negative reviews about the Helioplex version and its flaking issues .
 This is definitely one of the better sunscreens found at most drug stores . I found that this sunscreen feels pretty sheer when it 's first applied , but not as much as it claims . If I apply this before playing sport , in less than 20 minutes my face feels like it 's trying to sweat behind a mask . For daily use it 's fine . Also this still imparts a whitish appearance to the face . I used to think this was ok until I discovered a better sunscreen at the Shiseido counter , one that actually gives no shine whatsoever -LRB- Neutrogena still gives a slight shine -RRB- , but then that cost me an arm and leg . In the meantime search for better affordable sunscreen continues .
 This moisturizer is excellent . It works for dry , and combination skin , and it does not promote breakouts ! I love it . Its production has recently been discontinued by the manufacturer . I hope they decide to put it back on the market . Until then buy it from Amazon .
 I LOVE THIS SCENT!I figured the scent would n't be as heavy considering the fact that I know that Beyonce is allergic to perfume . I WAS RIGHT ! It 's a clean , light , very delicate scent and it 's PERFECT for me ! I 'm not really a perfume expert as far as floral , fruity , stuff like that ... BUT I LOVE IT !
 I absolutely loved True Star lotion - the scent was n't loud , yet it demanded attention from anyone within a ten foot radius . It was a soft yet remarcably captivating scent - one that would cause any man to turn and take a second look at the woman wearing it ! ... buuuuut - the perfume fell slightly short of my expectations . I 'm kind of relieved that I ordered such a small quantity , because it really does pale in comparison to the lotion.TIP
 I 've been using this cleanser for 2 + years . I 'm in my forties , so I have aging skin plus acne -LRB- am I lucky or what ? -RRB- . One bottle lasts me 6-8 months . I use just a tiny bit to wash my face each time I shower . It has no smell , no grit , no grease . Skin feels perfectly clean . I can tell a difference when I stop using it . The flakes around my nose reappear and my skin looks drier than usual because the dead skin is still hanging out . Much easier on your skin than using a scrub or a washcloth to exfoliate . It 's chemically based and extremely gentle . When I run out of Aqua Glycolic cleanser , I go back to using ProActiv and my zits come back and my skin looks rough again . I do n't use any physical exfoliants anymore and my skin looks great . It 's definitely worth a try .
 I had very difficult combination skin
 I use Aqua Glycolic because my dermatologist recommended it , and I have not been sorry with the results . It cleans my skin without leaving a residue and it cleans gently for my sensitive skin . This is the only face wash that I will use on my skin . It is worth every cent .
 I feel that the overall quality of my skin texture has improved since i started using this produce 3 months ago . I use it at night , but I will do some mornings too if I feel my face could use it . I am a 25 year old female and I have breakouts and lesions in my skin . I also get blackheads . Salycic Acid and Benzoyl peroxide are both a bit drying and this one leaves me feeling a bit dewy after I put on some lotion .
 I have always had blackheads and cystic acne . I did acutane a few years ago and more recently have been getting cysts/pimples again as my skin ages . I tried this product after an esthetician turned me onto 10 % glycolic acid serum . THe serum is amazing but very expensive.I tried these faces washes and toner and really like them . If I use then religiously they 'll keep acne at bay and slowly shrink black heads . I still do an occasional facial to do a dermabrasion or peel if things are getting bad.I really like how this product is effective but gentle . The strong peels and such freak me out a bit to do by myself . I will continue to use this twice a day !
 Must say that this is a really great product . Just ordered it for the third time and will make sure not to run out of it again . Every time that I am running low I put off getting more and have run out . Then it is always the same story . I switch over to regular soap thinking it will work just as well . WRONG . It does n't . Small pimples and other blemishes will begin to slowly reappear and worst of all my face will get very dry . The Aqua Glycolic does not dry my skin out , but it does supress oil production very well . If I wash with soap , then I will have oily skin within a few hours . If I wash with the Aqua Glycolic , then my skin will just be getting oily later in the evening at which point I just wash with it again . I can not quite say why this product works so well , but it does . At the end of the day is n't that the most important part ? I must admit that I do n't have the worst acne in the world , but it is there . It sucks to have to work around problematic skin , but this product makes it as easy as just using it one to two times a day .
 I have been using this cleaner for a while now -LRB- along with the astringent -RRB- and it has helped me maintain my face.I struggled with Acne as a teenager . My mother bought this for me one day , along with the astringent , and it has helped me stay clean and clear.I also use this for shaving , it works perfectly in that department as well.With this , plus the astringent from Aqua Glycolic , I was able to manage my face.I come from a background of a lot of products , and it seems that Aqua Glycolic works for me .
 this cleanser leaves my skin hydrated . i use it in the morning before I put on moisturizers because I do n't think it really get rid of heavy make-up if I use it at night . I guess it 's ok to use at night if you have miminimal make-up . Still I 'm happy with this product because my face feels so soft and not tight after washing my face with it . i will definitely recommend to a friend -LRB- especially one who has a sensitive skin ...
 I like this product because it is n't too harsh . It has a nice , smooth consistency .
 this exfoliates my skin very well . I love that it 's still gentle even though it cleans pretty thoroughly . I still usually wipe my face with an astringent though .
 This lotion smells like fresh lemon cake to me ... such a nice alternative to overly perfumey or strong soapy smelling products . It feels light and clean when applied ... not sticky or greasey ... and it makes a GREAT compliment to Watkins tubs or tubes of shea butter in the same scent ... lemon cream . Highly recommend it .
 Local Walgreen 's Pharmacy had a pump bottle sample of this on the counter and while waiting in line , I decided to read the label . All natural ingredients , not tested on animals , etc. . I decided to give it a try , not expecting much . This product absorbed quickly leaving no greasy residue and smelled divine -LRB- like lemon squares or lemon chiffon pie !! -RRB- but not overly strong scent . I left the store and went about other errands and before going home , found myself back at Walgreen 's to purchase this product I liked it so much . The scent was still lingering , but not overpowering and blended well with the cologne I was wearing , hours after I tried it . When I saw the price , however , I almost fell over , so here I am on Amazon . Price is much better and , as a Prime member , I get s & h ; free , which is even better than the on-shelf $ 3.00 coupon offer . I 'm getting some already for Christmas stocking stuffers for my family and friends . Maybe I 'll even subscribe and have it sent periodically
 I absolutely love this lotion ! The Lemon Cream smell is fantastic , the lotion is really creamy and works wonders on dry skin .
 An absolutely wonderful lotion , the scent is very reminiscent of lemon poundcake . The scent is present , but not overwhelming , and fades to nothing after a few hours.While not greasy , it does sit on my skin for a few minutes before fully absorbing , but does n't get in the way of everyday activities .
 OK , face it , there are gazillions of hand and body lotions out there with varying degrees of effectiveness . This one manages to be rather above-average when it comes to moisturizing without a greasy sensation . It is sooooo afordable on Amazon at under $ 25 for a case of three 11 oz . pump bottles , and it almost SMELLS LIKE YOU COULD EAT IT!Seriously , this has a soft and not-at-all overpowering scent somewhere between a lemon meringue pie and a Lemon Creme cookie . The smell is n't too sweet and not at all tart , and does n't linger longer than you would want it to . Everyone in my family willingly uses it if we keep it by the sinks around the house , so it serves the purpose for which it was created . If you believe that the products you use should have a majority of natural ingredients and you like a little lift of spirit through aromatherapy - this could be the product for you !
 J.R. Watkins Hand & Body Lotion , Lemon Cream is a real dream . It smells like lemon cookies and keeps your hands and skin very smooth and soft without being greasy.I first bought this item at a chain store when it was on sale and when I went back to buy more they had discontinued carrying it . Of Course , as always , Amazon had a supplier with the item I wanted . My co-worker has also gotten hooked on Watkins and we ordered two cases of it !
 First & foremost , I NEVER EVER EVER leave reviews for stuff that I purchase from amazon but this product definitely deserves a review from me . I LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE this stuff ! The smell is fantastic ! I highly recommend ! = -RSB-
 I first purchased this lotion at Costco in 2008 , but they only carried it for the holidays . I was thrilled when I found it available on Amazon . I love this lotion . It smells exactly like lemon cream cookies . Yum !
 First off , this product , and this seller , are awesome.The lotion smells absolutely wonderful , like lemon cookies , but is n't over-powering and does n't fade into a fake pine-sol smell like some other products.About the seller , DAB
 Rec 'd box of three today . Relieves chapped hands , but is n't greasy or sticky . The scent reminds me of lemon cookies , but it is n't too strong -LRB- which can get tiresome -RRB- . I 've also ordered other scents and look forward to using all of them .
 One of the best lotions I have ever used . And such a great soft lemon cream scent !!
 Great product . If you like lemons and cream this will be for you . Body lotion is fantastic and it goes on so smooth . Now I know why this product has been around so long , just great !
 Recieved this soap in good condition and quick delivery.The mositurizing soap bar has a very - very clean andrefreshing fragrance . I 've purshased the soap several timesand will continue . It is available in two sizes .
 This is the first time I 've written a review on Amazon and I 'm only doing it because I feel my experience might be useful to others who have gone through the same thing . I 'm a male in my 30s . I buzz my very short - mostly because of hair loss - and I have had problems for years now with acne on my scalp . I 've been on several rounds of antibiotics , I 've tried lots of soaps . Salicylic acid , benzoyl peroxide . You name it , at one point or another over the last 5 years I 've tried it.To make a long story short , I 've been using this wash in combination with a 10 % benzoyl peroxide gel for the last couple of months and my scalp acne has gone and stayed gone for over a month . Neither product seemed to do the trick alone , but using the two together has worked . And it seems that the Aqua Glycolic helps with the dryness that I was getting from the peroxide.Just to be clear
 If you have dry scaly skin at all or are just concerned with aging spots and wrinkles this product is a great addition to a regular peeling regime.I wash my face with it almost everyday . Works fantastic.Also I use it on my hair , great for getting build up off hair , great for scalp and as stated , it does leave your hair very soft.I use this also as a body soap with a scrubby , and on my finger nail and toe nail brushes.I 've heard complaints about the scent , I am super scent allergic and or picky and the scent was no problem for me . It 's clean and fresh.Details from the Merz website about this product.PH Balance 4.5 Glycolic compound 14 % Tip
 I use to work in a dermatology office and I have seen many people use this product and it made a big difference for them in treatment . I personally think the smell is a fresh clean smell which I like.My kids have keratosis pilaris and when they use this regularly it works great for them . I encouraged people to use it for flaky scalp and they love it too.People with acne also had great results . Most people I knew that tried the product continued on this.Try it yourself !!
 Aqua Glycolic Shampoo & Body Cleanser - 8 ozI have been searching and using products for years for dry skin on my scalp , no other product works even half as well as this product . I highly recommend it . It works so well , and does exactly what it is supposed to . I love it .
 I try new shampoos all the time - have used drugstore brands , Kiehl 's , Aubrey Organics , and many many more , but I always come back to Aqua Glycolic . Leaves my hair cleaner and looking better than anything else . I do n't use it as a body wash except when traveling - too expensive for that , and I 'm perfectly happy with Dove soap .
 I get breakouts on my shoulders , back and chest and have tried a lot of products to try and clear my skin up . Salicylic acid did n't seem to be working well anymore . Sulfur based soap worked better , but also started to stop working . Within days of beginning to use this product my skin started clearing . I was amazed . I will definitely continue using it.I did also buy the whole product line for my face . I use a bit of the facial moisturizer on my body as well . It seems to really help heal the breakouts .
 It really gets hair clean , mild scent is not evident after rinshing hair . It fulfills the promise of other Aqua Glycolic products , including hand and body lotion and facial cleanser , both of which I also use on a daily basis .
 This is a product I use all over from head to toe . It cleanses and gets rid of all debris . My skin and hair is much smoother and softer to the touch now . I love this product , its like being detoxed !!! http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000NN5HFW/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_img
 I use this as a shampoo for my crusty oily scalp . Nizoral AD was n't helping me at all for the 6 months that I used it -LRB- it did used to work for me in the past , but not this time apparently -RRB- . I already use a glycolic lotion on my face , so I do n't use this as a face cleanser or body wash , but I like it a lot as a shampoo . It foams up nicely in hair & I let the suds sit on my scalp a few minutes before rinsing . Exfoliates well - no more itch & crusty flaking . Smells strong but it 's not unbearable & fortunately the smell does n't linger in hair after conditioning . Nice product . It 's a good clarifier too .
 I use the Aqua Glycolic Toner and have found it to be a miracle , working when nothing else -LRB- not even proactive -RRB- did . When I saw that my pubescent son was breaking out all over his back , I got him this and a gentle scrub brush . His acne cleared within days . Now I use it as a body wash too . We do not use it as a shampoo . I think that would be very harsh . it does n't smell great , but it is n't horrible either . This stuff , and the toner , really work .
 I like this cleanser as I use a lot of products with glycolic acid . I use it as a body cleanser . Do n't be scared to use this . It 's very mild for those that are used to products containing glycolic acid . For those that are new to this , alternate it with your usual body cleanser to get used to it.After using this regularly along with my glycolic lotion and vit E lotion , I 'm left with smooth and more even toned skin . My only wish is that it had a higher percentage of glycolic acid . Even though it 's not made for the face I have used it on my face at the most two times a week as I did n't want to irritate my skin . Overall , this is a great product for those that want clear and smooth skin .
 I love this product . My dermatologist recommended this when I was 16 I am now hitting my 40 's and started to have breakouts again . The fragrance smells like baby powder scent and if its too strong you can dilute it a bit with another liquid soap . I ca n't take alot of fragrance and this has never bothered me . Just follow the directions and leave on for 2 mins . If you use in the morning I would reccomend a sunscreen . I like to use it at night .
 I am reviewing things that I think people need to know about . This review and all of my others are things that I have that I recomend to you . Aqua Glycolic is a great lotion and shampoo . However it does not stop there ! Aqua Gycolic also is in the form of Facial Cleansing and oil skin therapy toner . This is what really is helpful and effective . They are Dermatologist reccomended and so do I.
 My mother-in-law loves it ! She previously had misplaced one I got for her several years ago and I have been trying to find a replacement that was the same type of material with a cover you could take off and wash . This works perfectly for her .
 This product was definitely worth the money . I really wanted something with a removable cover so I could wash it ; especially since it goes on my face . The lavender smell has remained strong . And extra bonus -- my 13 year old cat also seems to love the smell .
 I bought this while pregnant due to the nagging headaches and lack of meds that could be taken . 2 years later I still LOVE this product and swear by it when friends mention headache relief ! There are many moments I have fallen asleep with this while looking for migrain relief !
 Having serious sinus problems , I 'm always looking for something that spells `` relief '' when those awful headaches strike . With this sweet little eye pillow , I can pass on all the medication . Just heat the pillow for one minute , cover your eyes and forehead , then relax for 5-10 minutes ... the pain is gone .
 This eye pillow is actually quite nice and not too heavy . I only sent it back because I wanted a matching set and was not satisfied with the mitts and boots that match this eye pillow .
 Thought I 'd have to settle for the less than acceptable products being offerred in the store but ... Amazon had it . Thanks , now my makeup palate is complete again . `` You 're not dressed until your lipstick -LRB- or in this case -RRB- lip paint is on . ''
 Great product ! a little difficult to get to me , but that 's what I get for being selfish and ordering something for myself during the holdiay season .
 I have tried many , many different brands of long lasting lipstick and Lipfinity is by far the best !!! It lasts all day and all night and I love color # 92 !!!
 The color is a cool , frosted mauve . Like all Lipfinity , this is * very * long-wearing . Pretty much does n't come off until you take it off , and that may take a little doing .
 Ca n't find this color lipfinity anywhere here . I was delighted to find it on-line . And it came in the mail so fast!Thank you .
 Ever since I moved to Arizona , I have been plagued with horribly dry & itchy skin , and even more so now that winter is coming . This lotion is the first I have found that actually helps . It really does last 24 hours , and the cooling menthol is great . This stuff works !!
 I really like pink passion tanning lotion . It has a light scent and bronzers to help enhance your tan , along with anti-aging and firming to keep your skin looking healthy and young . I would definitely recommend it !
 beautifull pink color , it feels good , not sticky , looks like pro highlights , my hubby loves it , im going to get more colors soon , you need to try this stuff
 I like this block a lot . I did some research on it and it is the best protection from UVA there is on the American market -LRB- Canada sells one with mexoryl that is superier but not FDA approved for here -RRB- . It wears like a nice day cream and is perfect under my makeup .
 Easy to apply , with a good consistency -LRB- not too greasy , not too thick , etc. -RRB- . Worked quite well at screening out the Jamaican sun -- I burn very easily and managed to survive this trip without issue ! One bottle was left out in direct sun for too long and separated some ; the sunblocking properties did not seem to be affected . The other bottle -LRB- not left in the sun -RRB- is just like new .
 This sunscreen applies easily and works very well . I used it this summer in a variety of conditions -- running , surfing , swimming , tennis -- and was very pleased with its performance . I 'm fair skinned , burn easily without sunscreen , and did not get burned at all when using this product . I found it to be sweat and water-resistant , and its SPF rating is reliable . It was a little shiny when I used it on my face ; that 's my only complaint and it 's a minor one . This really is an outstanding sunscreen .
 We recently went to a skin cancer screening and the active ingredient in this product was on the recommended list . The `` age shield '' part certainly appeals to me ! It is not unpleasant to apply and not greasy , so I 'll keep using the stuff .
 This product works very well , but do n't expect to apply it in the morning and go into the afternoon sun at 5 PM . Still , it is probably one of the best out there . It is also easy to apply and is absorbed quickly without leaving any unpleasant residue . Our whole family uses it and we have not had any adverse reaction . Very happy with it .
 I bought this sunblock and I love it , it makes my skin feel hydrated and soft to the touch and it also protects my skin from the rays of the sun . I would recommend this product to anyone with dry to very dry , sensitive skin . This product is not for oily/normal or combination skin .
 Great product , love the way this works.The value is great also . Im an esthetician and i wont use anything else but this toner its the best : - -RRB-
 That 's right . So many `` waterproof '' items are n't . Well , this one is ! I ordered the eggplant & the deep blue , & both lasted until I washed my face -LRB- and then came off with Cetaphil . -RRB- Great price , shipping was n't bad -LRB- costwise -RRB- , & it 's the 1st eyeliner I 've used in a long time that stayed on . Hooray !
 This eyeliner is great ! Most eyeliners eventually bleed during the day giving you a dark shadow under the eyes but this one does n't ! That alone makes this one of the best eyeliners I 've ever used . Good color selection too .
 After putting up with budget eyeliners for so long just assumed that one being actually waterproof was n't possible without shelling out $ 20 for a nicer brand . Well , as it turns out , these are actually even a bit cheaper than the others I have tried -LRB- Revlon , Cover Girl , etc. -RRB- and it WORKS ! I like to put it along my waterline , so I just have to dab it dry before I apply and it stays on all day . I found these at Sally 's Beauty Supply , I have no idea where else you would get them besides there and online though ! I 'm so glad I found and tried this brand : -RRB-
 The quality of the product is very high , not to mention it is herbal formula ! I have been using it for the last 5 years , definitely would recommend to anybody who is looking to switch .
 This product does n't really warrant a long review . Simply but it 's very black , and does n't smug bc it 's waterproof . Enjoy : -RRB-
 I love this eye liner . I think I 've been using the Exotic Plum for three years now , maybe more . It does not bleed at all ! I normally would have to keep whiping the underneath of my eyes after an hour or two with other eye liners . But with this one , at the end of the day , it still has not bled at all.The eye liner is also a dream to put on , and lasts fairly well . I have green eyes , so this eye liner and color makes them pop . I always get compliments when I wear this eyeliner . Also , this purple is deeper . Its not a barbie , in-your-face kind of purple . Its a deep and classy purple . I absolutely love it . And its not expensive like some other eye liners , and it works better than the more expensive ones . I definitely recommend this brand and this particular color , especially if you have green eyes !
 Great eyeliner ! I use eye cream and therefore the eyeliners tend to run . This eyeliner is easy to apply and does not run , the lines look great even at the end of the day . It is better than the eyeliners I used to purchase at expensive department stores .
 I am pleased with the product . Suggestion for the seller
 I used this for a few years almost exclusively as my night-time cologne . It had a very dark , unique smell that people always noticed , in a good way.Sadly it 's no longer being made . I felt the need to add this review in hopes they might start making it again someday .
 I love this product very much . I have tried to buy this from so many websites but to no avail . However , It 'd be great pleasure if this is not Tester .
 My wife read about the cologne a few years ago and bought it for me based on the description alone -LRB- I think this way rarely works out and was skeptical -RRB- . It quickly became her favorite , and later mine as it is very unique . After the first bottle was gone I had a very hard time finding it but did find another 1.7 ounce -LRB- tester -RRB- which cost about 65.00 -LRB- which was about double what we paid the first time -RRB- . Now you ca n't really find at all but occasionally someone lists a tester at a high price like 165 or even 295 for a 1.7 ounce . I too wish Paul Smith would bring it back - meanwhile I need a new favorite and only wear it/use my last bottle for special occasions .
 The Optimum Nutrition Complete Diet Bar Fdg Trfl is a good product with okay flavor . The fat content and sugar is low , which is what I was looking for . Be forewarned , however , that these bars are pretty small . So if you have a big appetite , these wo n't satisfy you . Otherwise , good deal overall .
 I 've tried just about every protein bar under the sun . EAS , Protein Plus , MetRx , Detour , etc. etc. . And most of them are full of sugar or way WAY too high in fat -- esp . saturated . But these complete protein diet bars are perfect . The taste is pretty good , 7/10 , but what 's your purpose anyway ? If you 're trying to lose weight but maintain muscle , this is a great bar .
 High points of these bars : - Very high ratio of protein to calories-Very low saturated fat compared to other protein bars,-Next to no sugars-Taste -LRB- see below -RRB- Given those three , it 's really hard for me to complain about the taste . Does it taste like a Snickers bar ? No . Does it taste bad ? Absolutely not.If you 're comparing the taste of these bars to high calorie protein bars with a lot of sugar and saturated fat , I suppose these do n't taste as good , but if you 're shopping for protein bars , most likely you 'll be better served by something with the nutritional content of Optimum Nutrition 's bars . These protein bars are for the person who wants to add extra protein to their diet with a minimal amount of additional calories . If you are looking for a bar with maximum calories to support rapid weight gain , these probably are not the best bar for you.Flavor comments : I 've tried chocolate peanut butter , chocolate truffle , and toasted coconut , and I found all pleasant , but in order , I found the coconut the best -LRB- if you like coconut -RRB- , followed by peanut butter , and then the chocolate truffle . I will order all of them again , but find myself eating more of the first two than the last.Results : Using these bars -LRB- 1-2 per day -RRB- in combination with Optimum Nutrition 's 100 % whey protein and a fairly rigorous exercise routine -LRB- P90x for those of you familiar with it -RRB- , I 've put on about 10 lbs of muscle in 6 months and completely changed the look of my body -LRB- shred a lot of fat and revealed the six-pack I 'd been seeking my whole life -RRB- . Obviously the exercise is more important than the protein bars I 've been eating , but I find these bars make for an excellent between meal snack to keep my metabolism burning all day long . I keep a stock of these in the cupboard at all times and highly recommend them .
 High points of these bars : - Very high ratio of protein to calories-Very low saturated fat compared to other protein bars,-Next to no sugars-Taste -LRB- see below -RRB- Given those three , it 's really hard for me to complain about the taste . Does it taste like a Snickers bar ? No . Does it taste bad ? Absolutely not.If you 're comparing the taste of these bars to high calorie protein bars with a lot of sugar and saturated fat , I suppose these do n't taste as good , but if you 're shopping for protein bars , most likely you 'll be better served by something with the nutritional content of Optimum Nutrition 's bars . These protein bars are for the person who wants to add extra protein to their diet with a minimal amount of additional calories . If you are looking for a bar with maximum calories to support rapid weight gain , these probably are not the best bar for you.Flavor comments : I 've tried chocolate peanut butter , chocolate truffle , and toasted coconut , and I found all pleasant , but in order , I found the coconut the best -LRB- if you like coconut -RRB- , followed by peanut butter , and then the chocolate truffle . I will order all of them again , but find myself eating more of the first two than the last.Results : Using these bars -LRB- 1-2 per day -RRB- in combination with Optimum Nutrition 's 100 % whey protein and a fairly rigorous exercise routine -LRB- P90x for those of you familiar with it -RRB- , I 've put on about 10 lbs of muscle in 6 months and completely changed the look of my body -LRB- shred a lot of fat and revealed the six-pack I 'd been seeking my whole life -RRB- . Obviously the exercise is more important than the protein bars I 've been eating , but I find these bars make for an excellent between meal snack to keep my metabolism burning all day long . I keep a stock of these in the cupboard at all times and highly recommend them .
 OK , so first let me give you a brief synopsis of what I have done to my hair . Sunday -- Die hair out of box . Next Sunday -- decide to perm hair . YIKES ! Wednesday -- go back and have a `` Reverse perm '' done because looking like a poodle is not my idea of fun . End result ? Hair that is totally fritzed , fried , and frizzy !! -LRB- But back to it 's normal straightness , which is great ! -RRB- So this Sunday -LRB- 2 weeks after the original color -RRB- , I went out and bought the Enjoy Hair Mask and the Intensive Repair Spray . I should note I use Enjoy hydrating Shampoo/Conditioner . 5 minutes after applying , rinse , blow dry on low heat . My hair is now healthier-looking than before the color even ! Silky , shiny , and feels strong . When I did the first perm , I did the hair strand test
 This mask is wonderful . It 's thick and creamy and leaves your hair very soft but not at all heavy . The smell is a subtle coconut , but fades to nothing after your hair dries . If you 're willing to drop over $ 20 on a conditioner , this is the one . I have thick , dry and curly hair , and not only does this leave it smooth and soft , but it 's much better than the Phyto and Fekkai products I 've tried in the past . It 's really just very luxurious .
 Let me start out by saying that I have human hair extensions . I only have had them for over a month and I called my hair dresser for advice on what products I should use . She said she only uses Enjoy . Well , I went out and bought the Hair mask to see if it would help to smooth frizz and hydrate the hair . Wow it is the best . I washed my hair and put the conditioner on and left it on for and hour . My hair and the extension are soft , smooth , and frizz free . I definitely recommend this product for those who have dry/frizzy hair and also for those who have hair extensions . I ca n't wait to call my hair dresser and thank her for the advice . I also bought the shampoo , and regular conditioner . It is so gentle and sulfate free . What more can you ask for ? Now , it is a little pricey , but if you do n't mind spending the money than go and buy this product . This comment was written on 1/18/11 .
 This is one of the best conditioners I 've found for coloured hair . It leaves your hair soft and conditioned without harming your colour . It 's heavy conditioning without the heavy after feel . I love this conditioner and it 's the one I use most of the time . I recommend it to anyone with coloured hair . The price is fair too !
 I bought this mask to use after bleaching my hair , which drastically dries my hair . I use once a week with great results . The ends feel a lot healthier , it adds shine and has a pleasing smell.On the back of the bottle it states for a more intensive treatment use with the Enjoy Intensive Reconstructing Treatment and apply heat . I probably would have bought both and used this method because my hair needs intense hydration .
 The enjoy hair mask has made my hair not as dry as it usually is . Due to being in the military and having to have my hair up every day for more than 12 hours at times - it has made it softer , more manageable and helped in the breakage . I am hoping that it will help the condition of my hair when I get to the middle east for tour number three . I will post another review and let you all know how I like this product .
 I have tried EVERY product out there and let me tell you nothing beats this outrageous deep conditioner . I have long hair and it has lots of layers cut into the style . It has to look healthy or I am cooked ! Try this and you wont ever use anything else . When you run out and go back to the other stuff you have used in the past you will see what I mean .
 Enjoy hair mask gave me back the silky hair I was born with ! I always had healthy hair until my late teens when I discovered perms , then eventually as trends changed , highlighting treatments and the flat-iron . I tried multiple deep conditioners and hot oil treatments , but nothing would change the texture of my straw-like hair . My kids even said my hair felt `` fake '' . My hair stylist finally talked me into trying the Enjoy hair mask and recommended I leave it on overnight . On the first treatment , my hair felt a bit softer , but nothing dramatic . However , with each treatment -LRB- twice a week initially -RRB- , my hair got less brittle . I had to use the mask twice a week for about 6 months before I noticed a discernable difference , and now use it once a week for maintenance . I have an old-fashioned hair dryer and I apply the mask to my damp hair , wrap a grocery bag around my head & clip it in place , then sit under the dryer for 20 minutes to help the mask penetrate my hair . I 'm sure you could accomplish something similar with a blowdryer , as well . If I run out of mask for more than a week , my hair is noticeably less manageable and starts to feel rough . This product is n't cheap , but a little goes a long way and it 's the only thing that worked for me .
 Just changed my hair color and few months ago from dark to blonde . Bleaching drys out your hair . My hair stylist recommended this product line to me . I bought this product-Intensive Reconstructive Spray , plus the Clarifying Spray and the Hair Mask . OMG - my hair never looked or felt so good . It is full and healthy . I get complements on my hair all the time now . I just did a news interview yesterday and they are now calling me the girl with the hair ! Lol!The best is you use so little of this product it will last a long time . I spray on the Clarifying spray with my shampoo . It takes out all the junk you have put on your hair , mousse , etc. . After rinsing , I mix a small amount of the Hair Mask with the Intensive Reconstructing Spray . I put it on the ends only - want to keep my hair from being flat ! Use any cream rinse that you like .
 like it a lot.everytime i use it my daughter would ask me whether i just went to the hair salon.she would ask me what i did with my hair cuz it looks so much smoother and straight than my usual .
 Love , love , love it ! Absolutely regenerates and rejuvenates my tired locks after I 've abused and mistreated them with the curling iron , flat iron , blow - dryer and about a million different products ! LOVE it , and you surely will to .
 I have very dry processed hair . Let 's just saying I bleach it , use a straightening iron and all kinds of other tools . I 've tried multiple products over the years and nothing felt like it really moisturizers my hair . Now I use this product 2ice a week and my hair feels sooo much healthier . I love it !
 When I moved to Florida , one of my biggest disappointments was no one carried the Enjoy Mask . I use it for my hair conditioner , and it 's really amazing . I swap out shampoos , but use this consistently . It 's an amazing product . If you have n't tried it , do ! It goes a long way and will last for 6 months or so . I have shoulder length hair .
 This works really well for damaged hair , the whole enjoy line works well . The shipper packed the item very well and shipped it fast !
 ENJOY IS THE BEST PRODUCT FOR YOUR HAIR ! THE HAIR MASK MAKES YOUR HAIR SILKY AND SMOOTH . THE BEST PRODUCT YOU 'LL USE ON YOUR HAIR !!!
 I use this ENJOY HAIR MASK with the ENJOY RECONSTRUCTING SPRAY for my color treated hair . I love the smell and the end result . My hairstylist said not to use the product everyday . I use it 2-3 times a month so the 8oz . 's will last for a long time . It is worth the money to repair brittle/dry hair !
 I love this hair mask . My hairdresser first used it on my hair . It was so soft and shiny I had to buy some !
 My hair was FRIED and the Hair Mask has brought it back to wonderful , smooth , silky and healthy looking hair ... Not only looks healthy but it became healthy after using this product daily for a couple of weeks and a couple of longer 20min leave in sessions during that same time .
 Definitely recommend this hair `` mask . '' My hair feels very soft and moisturized after use , and not weighed down -LRB- I have fine hair , so this is a feat -RRB- .
 Great product for conditioning hait that is damaged from straighting or coloring . Leaves ir soft and shiney
 the best product for hair that is dry and has tangles , makes hair smooth and healthy looking
 I am a soap junkie . I am constantly looking for the best smelling soap . Swedish Summer Soap is really lovely . It touches memories of old fashioned soap and leaves you with just a hint of aroma as you leave the shower . It 's very lemony but also with a hint of Ivory Baby Soap . I recomend highly if you like lemon mixed with just plain clean .
 This Swedish Summer Soap is one of the best soaps I have come across . I shop for special soaps online at different companies and have a couple of favorites , this being one of them . It smells wonderful , lathers richly , and is unlike any other similar soap I have tried . I also give it to some of my friends as a special gift and they love it . Amazon has the best price I have seen to date . I highly recommend this soap to anyone who appreciates a clean , fresh , lemon-scented soap that is a cut above the rest .
 Lamas Beauty Pro-Vita C is my favorite facil product . It does exactly what the company discription says it will do
 I 've personally met Peter Lamas and know of his background and actually have studied under him as to why and how ingredients were chosen .
 This product I have used since it first came on the market and it is amazing !! In fact , I am a fan of Peter Lamas beauty products because I know that they have integrity behind them . The rice shampoo and the Pumpkin Spice face scrub are also favorites !
 Me and my friends love this product . It does more than anything we 've ever tried plus uses more natural ingredients ; paraban free , etc. . .
 Hard to find in the stores these days . I use this particular product for years on my knees.All natural , love it !
 A light oil that is none greasy works to relieve muscle and or other aches and pains of the body .
 This oil helps my back pain and shoulder pain . I love the smell and it works very well for me .
 I have been using this product for about 7 years now for migraine headaches , sinus problems , and minor aches and pains . Highly recommend !
 I love it , Analgesic balm is very good . It ` s help me , i has a problems with my arm , when i start to use pain is not so strong .
 I love the soft yet masculine scent of this perry ellis eau de toilette . My wife loves the scent on me as well . Its one of those scents that work with your body long after youve put it on until you wash it off in the shower .
 This is an amazing cologne ! He 's a very inviting scent that I just love on my husband . I would recommend this to any guy .
 It 's not too strong and harsh like Axe Spray , but rather more subtle and inviting . Chicks love this scent , apparently . They kept coming in closer to sniff it -- is n't that the purpose , after all ?
 I found this fragrance a few years ago when a saleswoman at a Perfume Store suggested it to me . I told her that I had been wearing PS by Paul Sebastian and Obsession for years but wanted something similar . I do n't like fruity colognes and this has a soft subtle fragrance that always gets comments about how good I smell .
 Smells great on him . Have tried other colognes did n't like them . Came back to Perry Ellis . Would recommend it .
 I 've been using this product for years and there 's no other man 's colonge I would prefer to use than Perry Ellis M.
 I bought it as a gift for a friend -- they loved it . It smells really good @
 This is my favorite toilette spray , I we found the spray with much larger containers and a lower price than anywhere we have have be enable to find .
 first off , anybody purchasing this fragrance for 20-30 $ USD for a 3.4 oz . should be grateful and smiling on their good fortune . It 's a great fragrance which draws a direct parallel to Allure Homme by Chanel , which costs 3x-4x as much for the same size . Simply put , it 's an awesome night-wear cologne for special occasions , clubbing , romantic encounters , etc. ... and it totally rocks -LRB- though I 'd say it works best for mature guys 30 + in age -RRB- . I love this stuff . I only have the 0.25 oz . edt spray , but definitely ordering a bigger size soon .
 muy exquisito y la presentaci&oacute;n es fenomenal , lo recomiendo para toda ocasion 100 % recomendado tanto para dama como caballero de seguro le va a gustar
 Excellent product , very good fragrance , I am very happy with the purchase and the price is pretty good.In my next purchase I 'll have in mind .
 Smells great and the price is very good . My husband has requested this for Christmas for the last several years . It 's not sold in stores in my regional area , so I 'm glad I 'm able to order it for him online .
 I love this product Ive been using it for many years.The only problem is that i have a very hard time finding it any more
 I bought this as a Christmas gift for my boyfriend and he loved it . I too have some perry Ellis perfumes and they all smell great . Great price , came on time , and was as described .
 Perry Ellis M for MEN is a very affordable nice smelling cologne.Good price at around $ 20 for a 3.4 oz Bottle.Strong Masculine/sweet smell.Lasting power at around 3-5 hrs.Fast Shipping from Amazon !!! A must buy for cologne collectors , or any1 who wants a nice cologne at a cheap price .
 smell great , huele riquisimo de los mejores perfumes , me encanta !!!! ademas el precio esta bueno , aunque si le bajaran un poco mas estaria mejor , recomiendo mucho este perfume el olor es sino el mejor de perry ellis de los mejores , esta sera una de mis favoritas ...
 For the money , this stuff is fantastic ! It does seem to go away about half way though the day . Worth the buy !
 Every time I traveled overseas I would buy my wife a coming home gift . Many times it was a bottle of parfum or cologne . This is a very light and sweet floral scent that quickly fades as the carrier evaporates into a lovely fragrance that just smells sexy and light . Men will definitely notice you as this parfum has an alluring attraction . I like it a lot as it is not overpowering and you can certainly smell the different floral fragrance notes in the parfum.My wife loves the fragrance and the bottle it comes in is just beautiful and marvelously designed like cut glass . I have included a photo of your bottle for your review . I recommend it to you .
 Purchased this for the wife 's birthday and she absolutely loves the perfume . I made an excellent choice.Thank you
 YSL Paris is a very romantic , soft aroma . Highly recommended for day use to conservative ladies out there .
 I love perfume and am always trying new ones . However , Paris is the one I always come back to and the one I always receive the most compliments on when I wear it . It 's not too heavy and you can definitely wear it all year long , but I do like it best for cooler months and evenings . Paris is one of those perfumes that actually gets better and better as the day goes on . It can easily become your ` signature ' fragrance .
 I am a big fan of Paris by Yves Saint Laurent . I have been wearing it for over 20 years , but unfortunately sometimes I am unable to afford it . Recently I purchased because I really wanted it and I have gotten more compliments from this perfume . It 's a clean , fresh smell that makes you feel all day . Worth every penny !
 I ordered this perfume for my best friend , who would n't spend the money on herself ! It arrived very quickly , was fresh and smells delicious . More importantly , she was thrilled!Christina Sharik
 Of course , `` I Love Paris '' is easy humming , and `` Paris '' by Yves Saint Laurent is easy wearing.YSL would have us know that this fragrance is inspired by the city many consider to be the most romantic and beautiful in the world . Whatever the inspiration `` Paris '' reminds one of a floral bouquet with rich tones of roses . mimosa , geranium , and iris . There are also very subtle overlays of amber and musk.The bottle is as lovely as a YSL design . Collectors will enjoy the bottle long after the frgrance is gone .
 Of course , `` I Love Paris '' is easy humming , and `` Paris '' by Yves Saint Laurent is easy wearing.YSL would have us know that this fragrance is inspired by the city many consider to be the most romantic and beautiful in the world . Whatever the inspiration `` Paris '' reminds one of a floral bouquet with rich tones of roses . mimosa , geranium , and iris . There are also very subtle overlays of amber and musk.The bottle is as lovely as a YSL design . Collectors will enjoy the bottle long after the frgrance is gone .
 I broght this perfume for my wife . She told me this was her favorite perfume and that the only perfume she use to wear . I found this on Amazon and the price for this perfume was excellent . Normally in the department stores , this perfume cost $ 60 to $ 70 . The fragrance a fresh flowery scent that stays with you all day . I will definitely by this product again but only from Amazon .
 I bought this for my mom since she has always loved this scent . So , I 'll review it for her
 Of course , `` I Love Paris '' is easy humming , and `` Paris '' by Yves Saint Laurent is easy wearing.YSL would have us know that this fragrance is inspired by the city many consider to be the most romantic and beautiful in the world . Whatever the inspiration `` Paris '' reminds one of a floral bouquet with rich tones of roses . mimosa , geranium , and iris . There are also very subtle overlays of amber and musk.The bottle is as lovely as a YSL design . Collectors will enjoy the bottle long after the frgrance is gone .
 I received this yesterday and was over the moon as this reminds me of my youth in Paris and it smells divine and luxurious and makes me feel like a courtesan in a Paris boudoir ! Its divine and a great price to boot ! Highly recommended !
 This is just what it is represented to be . It smells very good and my wife was pleased on Christmas morning when she opened it .
 AS usual , a product that I love seems to have been discontinued by the manufacturer . Stores do n't carry this item anymore , and the company 's website does n't advertise the item . I do n't understand the notation `` scrape on bottom side '' , because there was nothing wrong with the packaging or the products .
 this product is not available where I live so I 'm glad that I was able to find it through Amazon ! Thanks !
 Smells good , tingles my skin , very low price compared to other name brand drugstore favorites . Def . recommended .
 My husband 's dermatologist recommended this soap for his rosaca , other methods of treatment had been less than successful . I also have a mild case , so we both use it . It has worked wonders in keeping the rosacea completely under control . It is very mild and gentle and does not dry out the skin . It is a wonderful product !
 My dermatologist recommended it a few years ago and I have been using it ever since . I recently bought a bar for my sister and she loves it too ! It can be used for face and body .
 I totally love this product . I 've been using it for almost a year now . I recommend it .
 I have used many many cleansers , few have been as effective . There is no drying or tightening residue left behind . I use a facial brush with this product twice daily . Highly recommended .
 I 'd spent a ton of money on products that claimed to help tame Rosacea . On my dermatologist 's recommendation , I switched to the Neova Cleansing Bar about five years ago . I will never use anything else again .
 I 'm an avid user of Face Oasis so I gave this a try when it came out . It is very similar except it absorbs into the skin much faster , but that aside , it did n't do anything for me that Face Oasis did n't , and it did n't hydrate as well ! It 's not a bad product , but I 'm happy to stick with the Face Oasis .
 This night time moisturizer is non-greasy and absorbs readily . My skin looks better and moister right away .
 v e r y g o o d v e r y g o o d v e r y g o o d v e r y g o o d v e r y g o o d
 I have used a wide variety of face moisturizers . This is one of the best ones I have ever used , though I usually rinsed some time after application . In the end I decided I did n't need to spend that much money on a face moisturizer , but if you have the money to spend - it is worth it.PROS
 Very subtle -LRB- as in does not knock you over -RRB- and has a fresh , sweet fragrance .
 very sweet and sensual . I love the bottle , and so does my little daughter : -RRB-
 This perfume smells so good . It is not too overbearing but it does not wear off easily either.It is sort of sweet and light . I got the sample from Macy 's and i finished it ASAP and now I need the bottle!I love it .
 Wonderful fragrance . Long lasting and dreamy aroma . I Highly recommend!A little on the expensive side , but remember girls *** WE ARE WORTH IT ***
 I found this scent in a magazine and thought I try it . Usually , the small sample provided in a magazine differs significantly from the actual cologne so I purchased a small bottle . It is such a sublte fragrance that I forget I am wearing it until I get compliments from men and women . It 's a very light fragrance that smells delightful . The price is also comparable to its size . I plan to purchase a larger bottle next time and would highly recommend Insolence .
 A very fruity , flowery scent . Quick shipping from this merchant . Cheaper than several perfume stores I went to .
 This is the 3rd fogless mirror that I have purchased over the last 5 years and the first mirror that lives up to its name . I paid twice the price for other mirrors that did n't work as promised , and the magnification feature of the product is great . A simple design with no plumbing hook up or electronics to go south on you .
 As a cosmetologist I 've used many products on many types of hair . Sexy Concepts Curling Creme is the best product I 've ever found for curly hair , irrespective of density or texture . More hair , more product . It can used wet before blow drying for a piecier look , as well as dry for frizz control and curl definition . All the CurlySexy products use magnesium , enhancing curl pattern integrity . It adds such definition and shine that I have actually used it on my own stick-straight hair .
 It is `` soap with bite , '' like the packaging says ... you can do without the plastic scrubs from the store . This soap is a `` soapscrub '' all in one ! The `` Bite '' comes from herbal ingredients that make the soap feel like a scrub . It is perfect !
 What I said about Get Real LEMON SOAP applies equally to their great MINT `` flavor
 I work on environmental projects and I frequently pass on a bar of Get Real to people who are getting rid of all the petroleum-based soaps in their home . The label is pretty clear - this soap has `` No Fake Crap '' and it 's loads better for you than the junk in the best-selling soaps.PLUS - the soap is delicious . It 's got just the right amount of exfoliant in it and the smell is gorgeous without being over-powering . The first time I put it in the shower , my husband came out actually mentioned how awesome it was . And he 's the kind of guy who barely registers what type of products we 're using ... I 'd have to consider his newly found soap-enthusiasm to be the most ringing endorsement I can provide for this product !
 Why is it that when I find something that I consider absolutely fabulous , the thing gets discontinued ? This is what 's happened once again with this soap . Good thing I was able to find three bars through Amazon that I will have to use very slowly . Once these are gone , there will be no more available . The other bars , the Lemon and Lavender are still being manufactured , but they are milder and although nice , lack the vibrant feel that you obtain from this Mint with Bite.This soap , for what it 's worth is highly recommended . BOO !! to the manufacturer for permanently depriving fans of the great product !
 I was a bit bummed that there 's not only peppermint oil , but I think that 's what they have to do to make a solid bar . Seller was great , and product smells truly amazing .
 Ca n't use regular soap after trying this soap . The other is so full of chemicals and crap that I can now feel and smell when I 've tried to use them . This is pure coconut oil soap and the best stuff around .
 I love how I feel when I get out of the tub after using this product . I did n't actually believe it was going to work , because it does n't bubble up or anything , so I was n't sure I was adding enough . However , when I got in the tub -LRB- which , incidentally , I never do , as I 'm a shower man -RRB- , I instantly started to relax . I used this right after a hard workout , and it really did what it claims . And the very , very subtle smell was woodsy and masculine , not flowery . I highly recommend this product .
 I 'm very happy I found this , as it 's the thing that has cleared up my skin . I 've been struggling with fairly mild but annoying acne for several years . I 've tried many scrubs and washes . Some , like St. Ives , were too harsh . I actually found that medicated ones made my skin worse . I started using this , and my skin is almost completely cleared up ! The beads are n't too harsh and the formula is mild , so it does n't dry out my skin . However , it 's strong enough to exfoliate and clear out my pores.I have combination skin that is dry but oily in the T-zone . It 's very sensitive . I 've also had luck with Aveeno face wash . I would highly recommend trying this product !
 I have combination/oily skin ESPECIALLY since I have moved to a humid climate from a dry one . I get moderate acne on my face but also I am 25 and do n't want to harshly dry out my skin . I want to keep it youthful and taken care of but clear at the same time . This face wash does what it says , it gives my skin a glowing look and also gets the oil out without over drying.It it gentle but strong enough for combination to oily skin tones . I love the smell of it and the beads are big and soft enough to scrub oil and dirt out but not hurt your skin in the process.I love this face wash and I have tried SOOOOOOOOOO many different ones and this is my favorite . I have even spent 50 dollars on washes and cream washes and this is number one for me .
 I normally do n't review the products I use , but after using this facial scrub and loving it so much , I feel it is highly misrepresented by its one , one star review.I have VERY oily , acne-prone skin , so it 's vital that I use a daily scrub to unclog my pores and remove excess oil from my face . Unlike the other reviewer , my skin does not get dryed out from using this product . I wake up with very oily skin , use this product , and my skin is soft and shine-free . Unlike other facial scrubs I 've used in the past -LRB- St. Ives -RRB- , Clean and Clear 's is not too harsh and does n't leave my skin irritated and red after use . The smell is bright and invigorating -LRB- which is great for mornings , but not a problem for night use -RRB- . I first bought this product 3-4 months ago in a travel size at Wal * Mart for $ 1 just to test it out , and I have been in love with it ever since . It 's a great daily face wash .
 This facial scrub makes your skin feel indescribably good . The front of the tube says `` With Bursting Beads . Wakes you up . Gently exfoliates skin . '' That is very correct !!! It does wake you up , and it does exfoliate the skin . It feels so good , it is one thing you can look forward to each morning along with your coffee . I love cozy , comfortable situations . Exfoliating your skin each morning is a wonderful , cozy feeling -LRB- and we all know how cozy coffee is -RRB- . This product makes the skin feel so good , I do n't just use it in the mornings . I can use it any time of day . I also like it in the evening and right before bed.This product is fresh , clean , and good.And , as an added `` mental '' comfort , I love the orange tube . Orange is one of my favorite colors . Even though I am an official red/pink-aholic , orange is a lively , energetic , beautiful color .
 It doesnt dry out my skin or strip it . Keeps me clean . Great for all ages not just teens or pre teens
 This is my favorite morning face wash in the shower . The little beads gently scrub and really leave your skin feeling nice after you rinse . I am 50 years old and I have oily t zone and this does such a nice job of scrubbing and cleansing and getting my skin ready for makeup . Nicely scented , and such a great deal on subscribe and save ! Now I do n't have to go to Target or -LRB- ick ! -RRB- Walmart to get it !
 This product arrived in good time . I enjoy the subscription option and the price , it helps me with my schedule as well as my bank account . Simply wonderful . I wish more products had this option .
 This product is awesome . It cleans your face thoroughly . Oily skin will love this . And the smell is so invigorating . I tried the blue one instead of the orange , did n't like the blue . And like any other face cleanser , you have to follow up with a moisturizer.I highly recommend this cleanser .
 Oh , facial scrub . Oh , facial scrub.My orange and gritty friend.You scour off the muck and grimeThat coats me at day 's end.Invigorating ? Yes , I 'd say.The smell of citrus sweet.Oh , facial scrub . Oh , facial scrub.You really are a treat.When I wake you 're waiting there , Blushing bright and gold.How subtle are your sultry foams!Your nuances , how bold!Exfoliating every day , Those blue and tiny grains . -LRB- Although they sometimes get stuck inMy hair , which is a pain . -RRB- I 'm surprised you 've kept this long.I 'm a demanding master.Considering how much you 're used , I 'd think you 'd run out faster.I love your steady constancy.You never whine or pout.But sometimes when I ask too much , You tend to dry me out.But never mind that , Morning Burst , I 'll love you 'til you 're gone.We 'll hold hands and run and danceAnd sing a facial scrub-type song.How I love to wake and feelYou bursting on my face , Instead of all those bursting zits , Which once were in that place.Oh , facial scrub . Oh , facial scrub.I 'm sad to see you leave.But now I see you 're rather cheap.I 've no excuse to grieve.So fare thee well , my facial scrub , We will meet again.Instead of buying one next time , Perhaps I 'll just buy ten .
 I use this as a make-up remover . . is amazing !! I love the scrubbing bubbles , cleans my face like no other lotion or cleaner , is just amazing !
 First purchased this perfume in Paris not only for its scent but also for its unique and meaningful -LRB- to me -RRB- packaging . Have not been able to find the perfume in this bottle since ... until now . And I love it !
 My husband uses this product and thinks it is an excellent product ; so much so that sometimes we can not find the product on the shelves in our favorite shopping places . That is why we investigated getting it online . Your product price was excellent !! Too bad that the shipping charges diminish the value !!!!!
 after writting a bad review for this seller for a misunderstanding from my part , I would like to improve his rate and review . he kindly contacted me and will take care of the return and refund .
 i love this product because i do not breakout with it like i do with products that contain paba . i mix it with a little make up so it is not totally white on my face ...
 buen perfume , llego a tiempo muy bueno . el olor es excelente100 % recomendado para todos en la comunidad . . good night
 I have tried a lot of creams and serums , expensive ones and nothing worked . This does . It is truly amazing.I love it .
 If you 've been looking for a great red -- not blue , not orange , not too bright , very feminine and alluring , try `` Romance . `` I ordered two of the Styli Style L3 timeless colors -- ROMANCE and ETERNAL FLAME . I thought Eternal Flame would be more coral , but it 's an orangish-reddish shade that makes me think `` redheads . '' It brightens the face a lot , but a little more orangey than I love.ROMANCE , however , has not disappointed . I love it . It 's not as bright as the color in the amazon photo . It 's a deeper , warmer red -LRB- another reviewer called it brick , and maybe that 's a good way to say it -RRB- . But it goes on very smoothly with excellent coverage , beautiful pigment , and with my almost black hair and Latina skin tone -LRB- NC44 in MAC , for those who follow that -RRB- , it looks AMAZING!If you want a great red color for a great price -LRB- I mean , I 've paid 2 and 3 times for red lipsticks that did n't feel this good or look this good -RRB- , try ROMANCE . Just lovely . I feel so glamourous with this on my lips -- and I have tons of red lipsticks -- not counting my bounty of glosses -- including four by NARS , seven by MAC , two by Kevyn Aucoin and a zillions by Revlon and L'Oreal and Iman and Almay and etc. . For the price , this is an amazing `` red lip '' deal . The smooth application and non-sticky feel reminds me of Kevyn Aucoin lipsticks . It 's a nice feeling on the mouth . Minimal feathering , too , which is important for a middle-aged gal like me.I 'm gon na buy a spare . : -RRB- Mir
 My daughter wanted this product and it really helped her to clear up her skin . The product was gential but was strong enough to help clear the skin
 I have very sensitive skin and this is the only thing I can use that is gentle and good for me that I do not react to .
 My sister who has had chemo was told by her hairdresser to try this shampoo and she told me to try it . I tried all the pureology sites and found that Amazon had the best for me . By the time you add sales tax and shipping it gets very pricey . It is by far the best shampoo and conditioner I have used and I have tried all the salon brands . I have a short bob which tends to wave but with these products there is no frizz and it stays straight . I gave it four stars because of the price , not Amazons price just the general price of the product .
 This is a great conditioner it leaves my hair feeling nice and hydrated and while it is on the scalp it has a nice tingly feeling .
 I L O V E the mint fragrance ! This conditioner leaves your hair soft and manageable and your scalp cooled by the mint . I do n't find the fragrance strong but rather an invigorating aroma therapy experience . Treat yourself !
 this perfumr is awesime . so many compliments . The only thing ill wear other than dream angels heavenly . It is long lasting as well
 The product arrived on time and undamaged . It was as described on the website . This is one of my favorite scents .
 Ordered this product for my wife for Christmas , because she said she liked how the sample smelled . Great price and fast delivery ! Would definately buy from them again .
 Had a 6th grade student say to me ... `` You always smell so pretty , not like the other teachers who have bad coffee smell and terrible perfume ! `` Out of the mouths of babes -LRB- I will take the compliment -RRB- , and my hubby loves the softness of it as well and he is VERY picky .
 I smelt the perfume in a magazine so I bought it and it smells good but not like when I smelt it the day in the magazine .
 IT IS THE CLEANEST , FEMININE , EROTIC MIST PERFUME I HAVE EVER EXPERIENCED AND RECEIVE COMPLIMENTS DAILY FROM WOMEN & MEN -- CLEAN , NEVER OVERPOWERING , FADES AWAY FROM YOUR SKIN SLOWLY BUT STILL LEAVES A SCENT TO OTHERS -- YOUR CLOTHES SMELL SO MARVELOUS WHEN YOU REMOVE THAM , I LOVE SO MUCH WHEN MY PILLOW CASES HAVE BEEN JUST WASHED AND DRIED I SPRAY A DAB ON THEM LIGHTLY TO CARRY TO MY DREAMS WITH ME -- 5-STARS COMPLETELY-I AM A 63 YEAR OLD WOMAN , SINGLE AND LOVE SCENTS THATS MAKE YOUR MEMORY A MUST ...
 Finally I have found a delicious , light , everyday scent . Not to heavy or over-powering , this refreshing apple scent is great for any day . Just ask my dog , she agrees with me .
 I like this a lot , very clean and powdery just like her deodorant but I do n't like the fact that it lasts for an hour BARELY !!!! Do n't like the cheap bottle either , she could have done better for the price , very cheaply made , and I hate the top !! UGH!Overall , I do n't think I would spend the $ $ again .
 I simply love this perfume in winter days , from morning to evenings . I mate it with the assorted deodorant . The sophisticated smell is slightly sweet , but nothing extreme .
 This fragrance is really stunning . It 's classy and soft and leaves a great trail of perfume behind you . It 's definately a summer fragrance . It 's a nice soft floral that wo n't turn too sour in the heat of the day . It has the kind of smell that reminds you of playing out in the fresh cut grass.I think this is a little different to other perfumes out there , and it 's so beautiful that you really have to try it . If you love soft , floral and classy fragrances then this is for you . I do n't think Donna Karan is great in the perfume department , but this has been the one great standout of hers . Go try it .
 I think the name fits this scent perfectly . It is the kind of fragrance I want to wear with a soft , cozy sweater.This is a warm scent with an amber base and it has a slight powdery note as well . I especially like how this fragrance mellows and seems to even smell nicer the longer it is on my skin.Not too sweet or flowery , this fragrance expresses a mood of cozying up and sipping a glass of wine with that special someone .
 I give this fragrance 2 thumbs up ! My best friend got this for me last Christmas -LRB- 2003 -RRB- and I was kinda skeptical about wearing it - the first time I wore it - it was ok but the more I wore it the more I liked it - now this is the only cologne I wear ! It has a base scent of sandalwood , vanilla , amber and musk . This is a light and sexy fragrance ! I love it !!!!!!!
 Love the subtle smell of this perfume . I get lots of compliments about it .
 I ordered Cashmere by Donna Karan and received it much quicker than I had expected , and the price was a steal . I am glad I purchased online instead of the department store .
 This is my favorite colonge I have used for yearsI would recommend this for it soft fresh smellI will reorder
 Bought as a gift for my sister for her birthday ... just what she wanted . The price was awesome ! Thanks for helping me make her happy !
 OK , so I 'm not stupid anymore to wear one of those strong and overwhelming designer perfumes so everyone can notice me -LRB- which I admit I used to do in my 20-something days -RRB- . Now that I 'm older , my preferences have changed . This perfume has a lot of elegance and feminine touch to it , which is what I think I am :-RRB- It 's noticeable when I wear it but not overwhelming to those around me.I absolutely love it . Purchased a lotion as well , both are just wonderful .
 Very light-weight and does not irritate my sensitive eyes . Really smoothes the skin around the eye area . I love it !
 Neova Eye Therapy is an excellent gel for the eye lids . It 's lightweight and absorbs quickly . Start with a small amount . I noticed an immediate improvement in eliminating dryness and in lifting my not-so-young-anymore eye lids .
 This product is wonderful . I used it for a few months and did n't notice a drastic change . When the bottle was out , I was n't sure I was going to replace it . Within 2 weeks though I noticed the circles under my eyes were darker and the skin saggier . It was n't until I stopped using it that I noticed how much it was helping .
 I 've been using it for a little over a year now and it has visibly reduced the circles and creases around my eyes . I 'm only 29 but the few problem areas I have look a lot better !
 This cream works very nicely on my eyes . I mainly bought it because it has the copper peptides that everyone seems to be raving about . I see some improvements however , i think that with any skin care products you need to give it a few months to see true results.Also i noticed that this cream can irritate so make sure you put only a little . I went crazy putting on extra daily out of desperation lol and i felt a burning irritation around my eyes . Still a good cream but you may want to shop around to see what else is out there .
 I use many Neova Therapy products for the face and love them . The products contain GHK Copper Peptide Complex which is very beneficial to the skin .
 I have used this Eye Therapy for 5 years . I am 56yrs old and love the whole line of Neova Products . I am told all the time , I dont look my age.Fond customer
 I have used this eye cream for at least 60 days and will continue to buy this cream in the future . I have used many other eye creams in the past and none have come close this cream .
 The colors are great . The metallic colors do not have lasting power . Over a month , a lot of the eyeshadow was in the lipgloss . Its a cute set just not something I would give to anyone else .
 This is a very refreshing eau de toilette . It can be used by females as well . It has a a citrusy smell , ideal for a summer 's day , it is however suitable all year round .
 This product is of very good quality , and has an excellent aroma is really good ... . . my girlfriend loved it , sure as many women .
 A nice floral scent . I have not smelled the original but this is nice.I usually try the imposter , and then the original if i cant get to the dept stores for a sniff first . my daughters get the imposters . But i think i will keep this one for myself and use until gone . I work as a nurse , this is a light scent i can wear while doing patient care .
 I purchased Live when it first came out and loved it on me.My daughter smelled it and loved it also.I have to buy 2 at a time now , one for me and her.The price is affordable and the smell is expensive.Jen did it again.All of her colognes are really good.A fan of LIVE
 This is a great lip gloss to add some gold lipstick to because it has none of that color in it and therefore does not turn orange . It then gives off a beautiful natural looking glow . Just the right amount of stickiness .
 Like any gloss , this will disappear onto your teacup pretty quickly . But it has deep , bright color , and rather than being ultra-slick has what a previous reviewer described as `` just the right amount of stickiness . '' It stays on your lips and looks great without bleeding . I also like the non-flavor and pleasant , slight rather powdery/musky scent . Not a kissing gloss but a fashion gloss . Strikingly good looking . I always get compliments when I wear the red -LRB- Strawberry Martini ... but it actually looks more like a candy apple red to me -RRB- . It has just enough metallic gold sheen to make the teeth look white rather than tired , and it compliments my peachy skin tone very well . I do n't see how it could miss with any skin tone , including olive or deeper tan , since the color is so definite and quite modern . I am online buying more from Amazon because it is hard to find in stores and I need more !
 I 've been battling with acne prone skin since my teens , and finally , in my mid-20 's I 've found a product that actually works to help reduce my ance ! This wash is great and leaves my skin feeling refreshed and clean , without drying my skin out .
 Philosophy has come up with a great facial cleanser . When used by itself , the Super Wash keeps my skin fresh for several -LRB- approaching 4-5 -RRB- hours before it starts to get oily again . When used in conjunction with the rest of the oily skin regiment , it takes 8-9 hours before my skin starts becoming oily . Unlike every other week or two , I have an acne flare up only once in a blue moon . Even my dark patches have become lighter .
 Gorgeous , shimmery color . Feels good on the lips and looks sensational . Makes my lips look fuller too . I could n't find this color though last time I looked .
 I like this perfume very much and was excited to find it again . My husband first purchased this for me several years ago while travelling and I had not been able to find it since . Thank you .
 GIORGIO BEVERLY HILLS HAS A REAL GOOD SMALL , WELL WORTH THE MONEY YOU PAY FOR , EVEN MY 19 YRE OLD DAUGTHER LOVES IT TOO ...
 I have been looking for this parfum for ages because nobody seems to have it in their stores anymore.I 'm glad I found it here on Amazon cause I finished my first bottle years ago . I really like the scent -LRB- although the smell of this one evaporates quicker than I remembered , that 's why I rated it 4 stars -RRB- If you have the tendency to avoid really sweet fragrances -LRB- as I do -RRB- and you 're looking for a nice , fresh , light scent to wear everyday . This is it!Well packaged , had no problem with the seller and it arrived on time .
 ditto on the previous review . I ca n't finish this until I have the required number of words in the review
 One year after I bought , can say this is a lovely parfum , beautiful bottle , with elegance and class ... Good parfum for the price , I am going to buy more .
 I love perfume . I had this many years ago and could n't find it at the store ... I found it here and am very happy with it ... it 's almost time to order more !
 I absolutly love this perfume I have never smelled a better perfume in my life !!! It is kind if hard to exactly describe but it has a sort of a sweet floral and lavender smell.You have to try this you wo n't be sorry so give it a shot .
 I love it its worth the price here on amazon too cuz i paid like 70 bucks for a bottle 4 or 5 yrs ago . Only a small amount is needed as well cuz it stays with me all day .
 I really hate perfume in general & normally get allergies or a headache if I use it . I purchased this fragrance as a gift for someone who absolutely loves perfume , especially Giorgio fragrances -LRB- and has very selective , sophisticated tastes -RRB- . I have to say after smelling it , this is a truly lovely , light fragrance that I myself would consider wearing ... very different from regular Giorgio ... just light and lovely ... wearable day or night . . I liked it a whole lot !
 This is a great scent . I wear it as well as my mom and her best friend . I buy it for her for christmas every year because it is not being made anymore and Amazon is one of the only places that i can find it for a decent price .
 This product is just what I ordered , it arrived by the promise date , in it 's original packaging , placing this order through Amazon was so much better than going to one of those Mall perfume shops . I will definitely repeat this parfum order in the future !
 I love the scent ... it 's perfect for the summer!G By Giorgio By Giorgio Beverly Hills For Women . Eau De Parfum Spray 3 Ounces
 The reason I choose this Parfum , is because this is the only parfum my wife would wear I bought it for her Birthday she was quite surprise and Happy .
 Very Happy with G By Georgio Beverly Hills For Women Parfum the Scent is Soft but Nice . I would purchase again from this seller when I need G by Georgio Eau De Parfum again . Great Price !
 I love this brushes is soft nice looking and it does n't shade the bristles are very very soft This is a 5 star brush !
 Extreeeeeeemely soft brush !! I bought 2 of them !! It is slightly smaller than other blush brushes , so you have more control when you 're using it for blush appplication . A must-have = -RRB-
 I like a clean , not overly fragrant and masculine scent . Typically I prefer scents that remind me of water . Insense Ultramarine met my expectations . It is also a very long lasting scent and stays with me for 8 - 10 hours . It just takes a little and is appropriate for work .
 todo bien gracias , r&aacute;pido , excelente , vendedor buena la oferta espero volver a comprales otra ves sin mas nada que desir .
 Been in love with Insense for a long time . So glad I 've found it at a good price . I 'll be buying more soon .
 Delievery in time , product as described , great price ! I recomend it for my friends , what I dont recomend is to comment cos it dont alow me to say few word
 I love it . I simply love the smell of this blue perfume . There is another perfume from Givenchy named Blue and It 's good too but This one is something that makes ladies remember the man who wears it !
 Years ago I wore this perfume and loved it . After recently discovering it again I have received MANY compliments on it . It is n't known anymore but the scent is timeless . Several young women at work are wearing it now !
 A deliciously subtle , floral fagrance . Always have loved it and always will . So happy to find it 's still available . Fortunately it is still fairly priced .
 As I was ordering the dusting powder , I decided to order the cologne as well . I 'm so glad I did ! Not only was it cheaper here than what I would have paid locally , it arrived in the same condition as if I had bought it locally . Thank you !
 This was a Christmas gift for a very special person . I was happy to find the larger bottle at such a reasonable price . My grandmother wore this same cologne for many years , so I love the smell & it triggers many happy memories from the days I spent with her . I 'm so glad to have someone else in my life that can wear & appreciate this wonderful fragrance .
 I bought this for a friend last Christmas and they really enjoyed the fragrance , so I recommend it 100 % for sure .
 This classic cologne continues to stand the test of time . Its fresh fragrance will complement any apparel and enhance your presence .
 Love this scent , used to wear it many many years ago , back when i was in high school , recently purchased it again , and still love it , I get many many compliments when i wear this scent .
 Es un regalo para mi mam&aacute; ! No usa este perfume desde la &uacute;ltima vez que fue a Estados Unidos!Le encant&oacute; , pero no lo pudo conseguir nunca m&aacute;s ! En Argentina no se vende ! Tendr&iacute;an que traerlo !
 Wind Song has been my personal fragrance for more years than I care to think about . Now that I live in London and am unable to purchase it here , it is a godsend that I can order it through Amazon . It 's a scent that has become my signature scent . Everyone knows when I 've been in a room or office . If it is ever discontinued , I do n't know what I 'd do .
 Everyone interprets scents differently , but I would describe Windsong as a combination of baby powder , fresh air , and night-blooming flowers in May . I first received Windsong as a birthday gift when I was in my teens , and it was a perfect complement to my age , a soft warm floral fragrance that speaks of youth , innocence , and springtime . This is a classic scent that wears well for all women , since `` youth '' is more a state of mind than an age . I think of it as a scent for the warmer months , but the fragrance is so light and airy , it could be worn any time of the year , for any occasion . Windsong 's best feature is that it is feminine , without being too heavily floral . In such a trendy arena as personal scent , Windsong is a timeless fragrance that you will wear again and again .
 Smells like the much more expensive L'Air du Temps and is just as beautiful . A soft , long-lasting spicy floral with a touch of powder . I own many scents , some of them quite pricey , but guess which one garners the most response ? Windsong ! It goes to show you should follow your nose when picking a scent , not a price-tag !
 When I first met my sweetheart in 1976 , Windsong was a very popular heavily advertized scent . My wife was using it when I first met her , and for 32 years , I still know where she is by the distinct scent that for everyone who knows her , -LRB- from her life long friends to her Kindergarteners -RRB- is my wife.I have tried several times over the years to buy her an expensive designer scent , but she never will wear them , because even she identifies herself with the scent.If they ever stop making this my world will never be the same.This is not a scent that works for everybody , but try it and see if Windsong can make you unforgetable .
 I have used Prince Matchabelli Wind Song since it first came out on the market -- I believe , over 50 years ago . I 've tried others but none have the subtle , distinct fragrance Wind Song has . It is appropriate for any age and has a light yet lasting effect .
 Most of the women reading this probably do n't know much about `` Wind Song '' . Well , when it first came out I had just begun working & shopping ! I was looking for a mild , pleasant fragerance to wear to work as well as socially . When I came across `` Wind Song '' I knew I had found it . I probably wore it for 5 yrs or more . Kind of takes me back & the memories are great all surrounded by this scent . While on Amazon I thought I 'd see if they still made it . What a surprise when I found it at Amazon.com , I knew I had to have it . I 'm a grandmother now & wear it everyday to the office . The first day I wore it this one young gal stopped me & complimented my perfume & asked what it was . She looked fuzzy when I told her the name , obviously had never heard of it . We exchange gifts in our office & I ordered a second bottle & will give it to her . I hope she will one day look back & have pleasant memories & know the scent that went with them .
 This is my mom 's favorite colonge and it smells sweet and fresh on her . Others have said it does n't smell good on them , so like most , it depends on your body chemistry . My mom asked for this for her birthday and was very excited to receive it . Good size bottle too ! Great value ! I looked around and this is the best value I could find .
 I was in a store in New York city and a clerk turned around to me and said , `` Miss , is that you that is making the room smell so nice ? '' I started wearing Wind Song since it came out and have never changed . Everyone I am know , knows me for this scent . I do not like
 Got this for my Mom at her request . She has been a long time fan . Says it is a light perfume . I think it smells good , that is as I can go with it . Seems to last for a long time , between `` fresh ups '' . She 's happy , and if Momma is happy , everybody has a chance at happiness . If she 's not , nobody will be . Not much else for me to say . It 's been around for along time , and still popular , that says something for it .
 Loved this scent in my teens , then I forgot about it . I 've rediscovered this lovely scent now in my adulthood . Love it . It 's inexpensive and very feminine .
 I got a couple of samples of NEOVA Night Therapy with GHK Copper Peptide Complex , and have been using it for 2 weeks . I have chronic dermatitis on some areas of my face so it has been hard to find the right skin care products . This works great ! I can tell it 's working as soon as I put it on . However , I still feel a little bit dry on my dermatitis area . So I put Laneige Water Sleeping Pack before I go to bed . In the morning my skin is soft and smooth without driness or flakes . If these can work this good on my dermatitis skin , imagine what they can do for you . I would like to try NEOVA Day Therapy now . I hope it works as good as their Night Therapy.I just wish that the price was a little bit lower .
 I love this stuff . It 's my favorite night cream I 've ever had ... very gentle and nourishing/moisturizing . Great for my sensitive skin . And the price here is great too .
 I love this moisturizer for night and all day use . I have been using this stuff for years now and originally started using it after a recommendation from a dermatologist ... I have been using it ever since and have found nothing comprable to it .
 fast shipment - product as expected - excellent for post face peel - soothing to face and stimulates collagen -
 A truly must-have in my skin-care regime ! Neova by ProCyte products are absolutely fabulous cosmeceuticals ! I offer this rave review in promotion of the health & longevity of the company that manufactures and distributes such invaluable essentials . The copper-peptide moisturizers serve as extraordinarily effective tools in promoting and preserving a beautiful complexion . I can highly recommend based on my years of personal experience . Every time I have strayed away to dabble with alternatives , I notice a visible decline . None of the competition can hold a candle . At least none that I 've thus far encountered . And I have admittedly spent some serious dough toward investigating the cause .
 Have used this night cream for a couple years . Love the way it feels on my skin . It does n't make my face stick to the pillow and does n't have a strong smell to stop up my head at night . Tried plenty of other night creams and this one works perfectly for me . I have so many allergies . Just wish it was n't so expenseive !
 My dermatologist recommended this product and I really like it . This is my second time ordering it . Definitely makes a difference in how my face looks and feels especially in the winter .
 I buy her one each year for Christmas . She say 's it is `` good stuff '' and really likes it .
 I love this night cream . It is smooth and soaks into your skin quickly . It does not burn and leaves your skin completely moisturized without feeling greasy .
 It 's hard to describe the diamancel medium nail file and all the diamancel files for that matter because there is nothing quite like them on the market.A few years ago I invested in the # 1 and # 2 file and the # 11 foot file . I recently added the # 20 to my collection . The files are worth every cent and I will never go back to using cheap files again.The # 2 shapes your nails beautifully . Unlike a harder metal file it is gentler on the nails . It can be washed and reused and will last for years.I also have the # 1 file . The difference is in the grit of the file . If you are only selecting one I would choose the # 2 if you have strong nails and the # 1 if your nails are weaker and light and need gentle treatment.An excellent value . Well worth the $ !
 Guess not popular due to price . I agree . That said here is what I like : After quite a few years of weekly use no diminishment in filing speed . Length is 7 '' so you can make long strokes and it flexes nicely . Wash it about every two months cleans out file dust for faster filing . Note the diamond filing is on one side only . Since it seems to last forever does not matter.At this high cost I am careful to keep in one place and put away right after use . Oh , one more thing ; between # 1 and # 2 I have not tried # 1 but my # 2 is medium cutting at best meaning it could be slightly coarser not less with my large male finger and toe nails . Female might like # 1 but this # 2 will file smoothly and fast . A little slow on my `` big '' toe nails.Highly recommend getting quality clippes too . Bought Seki Edge Toe Nail Clipper $ 18 + / - . Work fine on fingers too . Also pricey but compared to Revelon they are much sharper , better steel , and just feel better in the hand . Also had them for five plus years . Too $ $ $ to loose and I am careful . Do cutting and filing right after shower , much easier when nails are soft .
 This file is the best I 've owned ! It 's thin , flexible , and durable . It is washable . It 's perfect for my thick real nails . It should last a long time .
 I just ordered my 2nd file ... the first lasted me 11 years . That 's right . After 11 years , I am just now replacing this file . Exceeded expectations . Works very well , easy to clean , lasts a decade .
 I 'm not big on personal grooming . I got written up for `` slovenly work habits '' back in the 70s when I was just starting out.But I am a guitar player and so the condition of my nails has become important . These files use crushed diamonds that never seem to wear out and a quick run under tap water seems to restore them to like-new condition . The metal has just the right amount of bend to be forgiving during `` sanding operations '' . After clipping , it only takes a couple of gentle runs with the file to get things ship-shape . Highly recommended versus the cheesy steel file on your $ 3 nail clipper , the unpleasant sandpaper on disposable files , and even the not bad nail file on your Swiss Army knife .
 I own two of these ; one to keep at work -LRB- or while traveling -RRB- , and one at home . As most women , I 've owned many nail files in my life . Yet this one stands apart and is my favorite out of all I 've tried . I love the fact that it is long-lasting and easy to clean . It does what it supposed to do , and does it well . Filing your nails , no matter how you do it or with what , wears your nail structure down to some degree . I get the impression that this file minimizes that effect . It has the perfect texture to shape the nails without extensive filing ; it works quickly ! Just make sure you use it on dry nails , and moisturize the nails and cuticles with oil or cream after -LRB- any emolient substance works well for this - even extra virgin olive oil ! -RRB- . This will minimize cracking or breakage . I know the price of this file can be a drawback for some , but this one will outlast any paper emery board or file of lesser quality , thereby sparing you the need to purchase another .
 My experience with Diamancel files is positive . I 'd rather invest a little more money upfront in a durable product than spend more over time on disposal products that wear out after very few uses . I have a # 2 and a # 1 nail file as well as a foot file and I have been pleased with all three .
 I really like this file . It shapes my nails quickly and does not leave jagged edges . My problem is the price . It is not worth $ 28 . I ended up paying $ 18 because of a multi-item discount and that seems fair .
 I 've used this scent for a long time and always get comments on how it smells so clean and light . It 's one of those scents that you can always smell and not become so accustomed to it that you wonder if you put any on ...
 Extreme by Bulgari is a very sophisticated scent . It is both light and airy while being layered and interesting .
 This is the most amazing scent . I think you have to be careful buying it as there apparently is a very similar looking product out there . If you are looking for the REAL Bulgari Extreme this one is IT !!!
 Purchased as a gift , this fragrance has been discontinued by Bvlgari so finding this larger size at or below the original retail price is great !
 This fragance is so fresh and soft , I get lots of compliments every time I wear it , love it !!
 I got this for my mom for Christmas and she loves it . This is the only perfume my mom will wear .
 I bought this hoping it would help me w/my lack of eyebrows and structure ! I was n't too optimistic but from the first time I used it I was astonished ! This makes my getting ready routine so much simpler and faster !!
 I have thin light eyebrows and this product provides a perfect guideline to enhance my brows . They never look over done or drawn in - just naturally enhanced . I use it everyday and will not go without !
 This bag is fabulous . I 've been using it for a week now , I 've yet to take it on a trip yet but I have high hopes . Im one of those girls who after getting ready to go out my makeup is all over my counter . This bag eliminates that problem ! Also , no more rummaging in a huge bag unable to find what I need . I can see everything laid out or hang it up , it 's fantastic ! I love the loops too because I can stick my tweazers and brow scissors in there for easy access ! Seriously this bag is fabulous ! The only reason I gave 4 stars is because I 'm waiting till I take it flying next week .
 Holds more than you can imagine ! Everything is well organized and it has several plastic compartments . I took this on a trip and it worked great !
 I was able to pack all my essentials - creams , hair products , toothbrush , eyeglass cleaner - in this bag . It was very handy for 20 day trip to Nigeria .
 They were Christmas presents for my step daughter and wife . Both had mentioned that this was a necessity . Both will be putting them to use in the coming weeks
 I actually got this for my son . He travels a bit and this bag holds all his toiletries . He loves it !
 Wonderful product . Easy to get at items . Easy to see everything that you have . Seems durable and easy to carry or pack .
 Quality , as always , for baggllini products . Great space for everything you need to take with you on a trip . Everything is secure inside the bag . Easy to hang up on the door . It 's a keeper !
 I purchased this bag before a trip to Savannah , GA. . It held everything I needed to take for a weeks stay and still had room to spare . The bag is well made and seems to be very sturdy . This is my second Baggalini purchase and I have been happy with the quality of both items .
 I got this to put my makeup and hair stuff and lotions etc. . I got it in the large and let me tell you I was able to fit all my lotions , makeups -LRB- cause god knows us girls need to have a bunch of makeup -RRB- My brushes , lipsticks , and even my hairspray . It all fit and packed ready to head to California . This is a great product and I highly recommend .
 This bag is perfect for all my cosmetics as well as shampoo , etc when on a trip . It is sometimes hard to find a bag that is not too big and still holds all you need . This one does and is so convenient .
 I am very pleased with the size . I had ordered a different one and returned it because it was too small . I put my toilitries in this one and had room to spare .
 Well constructed and has lots of space . Pockets are roomy and clear making it easy to see everything you need .
 I bought this for my wife as a replacement for her old makeup bag . She likes it . It 's bigger than her old one but she had no problem utilizing the extra space
 I took this on a cruise and it has alot of space for all your toiletries . The Color is really pretty and the case itself sturdy . I lvoe this little bag , a great deal for the price .
 Gift from one sister to next , so my rating based solely on their comments at Christmas exchange . The receiving sister was very pleased and saw her using it on a trip we took a couple weeks later .
 Large enough to hold everything - hairbrush , makeup bag , hair products , medicines , etc. - without being too large in my suitcase ! Its like my entire bathroom packed into one bag ! I liked the bright green color . Its made of the ripstop material , so I 'm hoping it will last for many years to come . This one is for travel - I keep a fully stocked &#34; personal &#34; bag since I travel a lot . I love it so much that I 'm going to buy another one for the gym .
 Got it for my wife and it holds her cosmetics . She likes how it has a built in hook so she can hang it on the back of the door or towel rack . She did n't think all her stuff from her old bag would fit , but it did !
 I 've been looking for a new bag like this , but could n't find anything like my beat up old 20 year one.When I ca n't find something , I 've learned to go to Amazon , and here was the Baggalini Complete Cosmetic Bagg.It is just the right size for my husband and I to use for his and her items . It is styled just like my old worn outand now discarded bag . This bag is going to be our new workhorse , it is well thought out , and quality-sewn like every otherbaggalini purse in my stash . A couple of suggestions
 This is a perfect cosmetic bag is you want one that is bigger than and hanging bag that Baggallini has . I love that it zips up and can hang totally open too ! Fantastic bag ... worth the amount of money paid !
 This is the best and most perfect Travel -LRB- Accessories -RRB- bag on earth.If you 're used to packing all your personal care/personal hygiene items in zip lock bags for travel and are tired of doing so ... you should look into getting this bag.I own this item in pink -LRB- it was a gift -RRB- and it is absolutely wonderful.I travel quite often and find that I can fit all my personal items -LRB- make up/personal toiletries/medicine -RRB- all in this bag ... and do n't have to shuffle through anything to find what I need . The bag has so much room . No more Zip Lock bags for me ... Everything can be seen clearly and have its own storage area . No more worrying about Shampoo explosions in your suit case or in the zip lock bag or in your personal care bags ... no more worrying about items moving around in the zip lock bags when traveling . Everything stays put.This bag is perfect for business travelers and for families/teens . It is wonderful to have everything right at your fingertips when it comes to organizing your personal items for travel . This bag definitely beats all the other Travel Make-Up personal accessories bags . No need to put everything into separate zip lock bags anymore.If / when my bag falls apart I am definitely getting another bag like this again .
 I 've been looking for a new make-up bag for awhile now . I 've bought a couple at local stores and come home and not had enough room in them for what I carry daily , so I had to return them . I read the other reviews on this bag , and the pictures showed many zipper pockets for organization so I thought for sure it would have to work , thus I bought one in hot pink . The bag is a little big larger than I would have hoped , but I ca n't complain really since obviously the smaller bags are too small for me . The best part about this bag is how many pockets for organization there are . I have n't even found uses for every pocket ! There is a large see-through pocket that holds the majority of your make-up items on one side , and then the other has a Velcro flap , covering another smaller pocket , with pockets on both sides of the flap and several elastic bands to hold brushes and such . The Velcro is VERY strong , so I do n't use the pockets underneath it ; plus it makes the flap become awkward and bulky when you put items under the pocket and then the brushes do n't fit right . However , there are so many pockets in this thing I do n't even need to use them . I think if I travel , I will use those pockets for shampoo and such . There are also two pockets on the outside of the bag , one large and a smaller zipper pouch on the outside of the larger pocket . I have been keeping hair pins and clips on the outside pouch , and large bulky items with no other place to go , such as eyelash curler and toothpaste in the large outside pocket . Inside , I use the outside flap pocket for eye make-up , and I have various brushes and mascara in the elastic bands on the flap . Then in the large inside pocket I keep all my other make-up and I have more than enough room for everything . Another feature is the hanger on the top of the inside of the bag , so you can easily hang the bag during use . I was worried that I would n't be able to open the large pocket all the way , while it is hung up , without items falling out , but I even hung the bag from the handle on the top of the backseat of a car , and put my make-up on while riding in the backseat and nothing fell out of it.This bag is great for the girl that likes every type of make-up to have a specific home in their make-up bag , rather than all being thrown together in one large container . The clear pockets make it easy to find what you 're looking for , quickly and there is more than enough room for tons of make-up . The bag is about as wide as my purse , but is pretty thin , so I can easily slide it into my work tote pocket . Plus there are a bunch of fun colors to pick from , to suit everyone 's personality . I will admit that initially I had reservations about purchasing this bag because the material , specifically the clear plastic pockets , looked kind of cheap in the photos . Yet , now that I own it , I can say that is not the case at all . The bag seems very well made , and the thick plastic pockets are good for making sure nothing gets all over if something explodes in the bag . My advice - BUY IT ! : -RRB-
 I had initially received my first bag of this style as a gift . Love it -- so much room to store toiletries for travel.Decided to purchase one for my husband in black -- mine is lime -- when his other bag fell apart . Plenty of room for everything you need for a weekend away or several weeks away .
 First of all , this is a really nice bag with lots of pockets and a convenient swiveling hanger . It holds everything I need and then some ! That 's why I purchased this replacement when my last one finally bit the dust.While it 's still much better than most travel bags , I was a bit disappointed to find that they have cheapened the construction . First of all the little velcro roll that is shown on most of the pictures that allows you to secure the two handles together is gone . Also , there used to be two zippers on the outside and inner big pockets ; now there is only one . If you look at the picture of the black bag , that is the new style -LRB- although mine is turquoise -RRB- . I would still recommend this bag , but it used to be a great bag . Now it 's only good !
 My goodness , I love this toiletry bag . It is very well made . I wo n't need a new toiletry bag for at least a decade . The fabric is durable , and smudges can be wiped away with a damp towel . The bag is huge ! Really , it 's a lot larger than I expected it to be . Plenty of room for absolutely all your toiletry items . I took it on a cruise , and used the built in hanger over the towel rack . It saved space , and the clear compartments made finding any item a breeze . The exterior pockets are great for easy accessibility and storage of last-minute items . Buy this toiletry bag . Do it now !
 I bought this because I needed an organizer bag for my school stuff . I carry pens , highliters , stapler , laptop peripherals , and whatever else I need . I usually leave most things home , since it 's inconvenient to carry everything . What happens is that what I leave home , I need . I hate my mouse rolling around in a pencil bag . So , in search of a cosmetic bag , I found this . It is already full . There are tons of pockets and dividing areas to protect things like mice and card readers . I have my planner , and a small notebook stashed too . The color is great - I bought the dark purple one - and easily carried . The only thing is one zipper is rather fussy , but I hope that will work itself out with use . The front zip pockets are great for other things . I might buy another for actual cosmetic items.If you do carry a lot of little items , this is perfect .
 Nice bag that has held up well under repeated use for travel . Holds everything and is convenient to use . Orginally bought it as a gift but decided that it was not as big as the receiver wanted but it has been perfect for me .
 This is a nice looking bag - lots of pockets . It 's overall size is bigger than I thought - but that 's a good thing . Outside pockets are good sized , bottle pockets inside . Appears good quality . Got to love Baggallini stuff !
 This is worth every penny . I have used this before I will say that when you apply it only put it on the oily spots . Forehead , nose , cheeks , chin . when you apply it you only need a small amount to me a full pump amount is to much . Unless you plan to layer it . When you rub it in on your clean skin rub just til it is almost all absorbed then stop just before and let it dry . Then you can apply your primer or foundation . Your skin will look dewy soft , the times you feel you need to wipe your face only blot with a Kleenex do n't rub and your make up will look fresh all day . Do the same thing if you want to go with out make up , just apply and this will reduce the shine . This does not cure Oily skin just helps absorb the oil ! Men can use it on there bald heads to reduce shine . I do recommend that you cleans well when you use this , I use a clean washcloth and purpose and gently cleans for at least one minute works well with out striping and causing more oil . I have gone out dancing with this stuff and never broke a shine , just looked dewy !
 I buy this for my son . He loves the light smell of this cologne . It 's not over empowering & is great to wear for everyday .
 Excellent scent . My grandson and granddaughter 's boyfriend love this cologne very much . I never new Michael Jordan even had a cologne .
 This cologne is the best I ever bought and will continue to buy it smells awesome even though it arrived late but it was of the hurricane sandy so it 's not their fault and it comes in a good and safe package
 Have been purchasing this cologne for years . Great scent !! Will continue to purchase this product over and over again !!!!!
 I always buy this cologne at christmas time as a gift . for my hubby and my brothers its inexpensive and smells realy good ! from a womans point of view .
 Not only did I receive the product way early , but it was packaged very nicely , and I love love love the smell . it is very calming and sexy but not over powering . thank you !
 this is an excellent blowdryer if you want smooth straight hair ... i am a hairstylist myself and have been using these blowdryer for more than 10yrs . . excellent quality and with good care -LRB- not dropping them often -RRB- they will last over 5yrs . It is defenetly worth bying this brand .
 I first discovered at another store it was very inexpensive , tried it and like it so much that I went back to find more . I have not found it there again so I went to Amazon and found it . Cost a lot more than what I originally paid , but at least I found it for less than retail . I have aging dry skin and this really is great for the day time and tightens my skin , you can feel it working . I will try the other extra moisturizing one next time , but the `` first wrinkles '' is making a difference already . It was shipped to me on time and arrived a day or two earlier than expected !
 This a great blow dryer , professional grade that I use on customer as well as myself . Powerful engine that dries hair quickly removing humidity .
 I bought this for my daughter . She had the same model that lasted many years but finally gave out . Replaced it and she is happy with it .
 It is deliciously wonderful . It leaves my skin smooth , soft and smelling wonderful . It really is coming in handy with swimming and having the chlorine drying my skin out . I am definitely going to buy more , and you really ca n't beat the price !!! Thank you for a great product.Maureen Jackson
 este producto es excelente y su aroma es genial , deja una sensacion de limpieza en todo el cuerpo , es muy bueno lo recomiendo a cualquier persona
 When I was in college -LRB- not so many years ago -RRB- , my friends bought me a gift certificate to Sephora . Two weeks later , I spent two hours sniffing my way through every single perfume in the entire store . I ultimately chose Grain de Folie.What I like about this perfume is that it is young , but complex . It 's not the tutti-frutti bubble gum chewer 's choice , neither is it for grandma -LRB- no musk here ! -RRB- . It has a lot of citrus -LRB- which they say makes women seem younger -RRB- , and an exotic nature which makes makes me feel high class without the bifocals !
 This bag is fabulous . I 've been using it for a week now , I 've yet to take it on a trip yet but I have high hopes . Im one of those girls who after getting ready to go out my makeup is all over my counter . This bag eliminates that problem ! Also , no more rummaging in a huge bag unable to find what I need . I can see everything laid out or hang it up , it 's fantastic ! I love the loops too because I can stick my tweazers and brow scissors in there for easy access ! Seriously this bag is fabulous ! The only reason I gave 4 stars is because I 'm waiting till I take it flying next week .
 Holds more than you can imagine ! Everything is well organized and it has several plastic compartments . I took this on a trip and it worked great !
 I was able to pack all my essentials - creams , hair products , toothbrush , eyeglass cleaner - in this bag . It was very handy for 20 day trip to Nigeria .
 They were Christmas presents for my step daughter and wife . Both had mentioned that this was a necessity . Both will be putting them to use in the coming weeks
 I actually got this for my son . He travels a bit and this bag holds all his toiletries . He loves it !
 Wonderful product . Easy to get at items . Easy to see everything that you have . Seems durable and easy to carry or pack .
 Quality , as always , for baggllini products . Great space for everything you need to take with you on a trip . Everything is secure inside the bag . Easy to hang up on the door . It 's a keeper !
 I purchased this bag before a trip to Savannah , GA. . It held everything I needed to take for a weeks stay and still had room to spare . The bag is well made and seems to be very sturdy . This is my second Baggalini purchase and I have been happy with the quality of both items .
 I got this to put my makeup and hair stuff and lotions etc. . I got it in the large and let me tell you I was able to fit all my lotions , makeups -LRB- cause god knows us girls need to have a bunch of makeup -RRB- My brushes , lipsticks , and even my hairspray . It all fit and packed ready to head to California . This is a great product and I highly recommend .
 This bag is perfect for all my cosmetics as well as shampoo , etc when on a trip . It is sometimes hard to find a bag that is not too big and still holds all you need . This one does and is so convenient .
 I am very pleased with the size . I had ordered a different one and returned it because it was too small . I put my toilitries in this one and had room to spare .
 Well constructed and has lots of space . Pockets are roomy and clear making it easy to see everything you need .
 I bought this for my wife as a replacement for her old makeup bag . She likes it . It 's bigger than her old one but she had no problem utilizing the extra space
 I took this on a cruise and it has alot of space for all your toiletries . The Color is really pretty and the case itself sturdy . I lvoe this little bag , a great deal for the price .
 Gift from one sister to next , so my rating based solely on their comments at Christmas exchange . The receiving sister was very pleased and saw her using it on a trip we took a couple weeks later .
 Large enough to hold everything - hairbrush , makeup bag , hair products , medicines , etc. - without being too large in my suitcase ! Its like my entire bathroom packed into one bag ! I liked the bright green color . Its made of the ripstop material , so I 'm hoping it will last for many years to come . This one is for travel - I keep a fully stocked &#34; personal &#34; bag since I travel a lot . I love it so much that I 'm going to buy another one for the gym .
 Got it for my wife and it holds her cosmetics . She likes how it has a built in hook so she can hang it on the back of the door or towel rack . She did n't think all her stuff from her old bag would fit , but it did !
 I 've been looking for a new bag like this , but could n't find anything like my beat up old 20 year one.When I ca n't find something , I 've learned to go to Amazon , and here was the Baggalini Complete Cosmetic Bagg.It is just the right size for my husband and I to use for his and her items . It is styled just like my old worn outand now discarded bag . This bag is going to be our new workhorse , it is well thought out , and quality-sewn like every otherbaggalini purse in my stash . A couple of suggestions
 This is a perfect cosmetic bag is you want one that is bigger than and hanging bag that Baggallini has . I love that it zips up and can hang totally open too ! Fantastic bag ... worth the amount of money paid !
 This is the best and most perfect Travel -LRB- Accessories -RRB- bag on earth.If you 're used to packing all your personal care/personal hygiene items in zip lock bags for travel and are tired of doing so ... you should look into getting this bag.I own this item in pink -LRB- it was a gift -RRB- and it is absolutely wonderful.I travel quite often and find that I can fit all my personal items -LRB- make up/personal toiletries/medicine -RRB- all in this bag ... and do n't have to shuffle through anything to find what I need . The bag has so much room . No more Zip Lock bags for me ... Everything can be seen clearly and have its own storage area . No more worrying about Shampoo explosions in your suit case or in the zip lock bag or in your personal care bags ... no more worrying about items moving around in the zip lock bags when traveling . Everything stays put.This bag is perfect for business travelers and for families/teens . It is wonderful to have everything right at your fingertips when it comes to organizing your personal items for travel . This bag definitely beats all the other Travel Make-Up personal accessories bags . No need to put everything into separate zip lock bags anymore.If / when my bag falls apart I am definitely getting another bag like this again .
 I 've been looking for a new make-up bag for awhile now . I 've bought a couple at local stores and come home and not had enough room in them for what I carry daily , so I had to return them . I read the other reviews on this bag , and the pictures showed many zipper pockets for organization so I thought for sure it would have to work , thus I bought one in hot pink . The bag is a little big larger than I would have hoped , but I ca n't complain really since obviously the smaller bags are too small for me . The best part about this bag is how many pockets for organization there are . I have n't even found uses for every pocket ! There is a large see-through pocket that holds the majority of your make-up items on one side , and then the other has a Velcro flap , covering another smaller pocket , with pockets on both sides of the flap and several elastic bands to hold brushes and such . The Velcro is VERY strong , so I do n't use the pockets underneath it ; plus it makes the flap become awkward and bulky when you put items under the pocket and then the brushes do n't fit right . However , there are so many pockets in this thing I do n't even need to use them . I think if I travel , I will use those pockets for shampoo and such . There are also two pockets on the outside of the bag , one large and a smaller zipper pouch on the outside of the larger pocket . I have been keeping hair pins and clips on the outside pouch , and large bulky items with no other place to go , such as eyelash curler and toothpaste in the large outside pocket . Inside , I use the outside flap pocket for eye make-up , and I have various brushes and mascara in the elastic bands on the flap . Then in the large inside pocket I keep all my other make-up and I have more than enough room for everything . Another feature is the hanger on the top of the inside of the bag , so you can easily hang the bag during use . I was worried that I would n't be able to open the large pocket all the way , while it is hung up , without items falling out , but I even hung the bag from the handle on the top of the backseat of a car , and put my make-up on while riding in the backseat and nothing fell out of it.This bag is great for the girl that likes every type of make-up to have a specific home in their make-up bag , rather than all being thrown together in one large container . The clear pockets make it easy to find what you 're looking for , quickly and there is more than enough room for tons of make-up . The bag is about as wide as my purse , but is pretty thin , so I can easily slide it into my work tote pocket . Plus there are a bunch of fun colors to pick from , to suit everyone 's personality . I will admit that initially I had reservations about purchasing this bag because the material , specifically the clear plastic pockets , looked kind of cheap in the photos . Yet , now that I own it , I can say that is not the case at all . The bag seems very well made , and the thick plastic pockets are good for making sure nothing gets all over if something explodes in the bag . My advice - BUY IT ! : -RRB-
 I had initially received my first bag of this style as a gift . Love it -- so much room to store toiletries for travel.Decided to purchase one for my husband in black -- mine is lime -- when his other bag fell apart . Plenty of room for everything you need for a weekend away or several weeks away .
 First of all , this is a really nice bag with lots of pockets and a convenient swiveling hanger . It holds everything I need and then some ! That 's why I purchased this replacement when my last one finally bit the dust.While it 's still much better than most travel bags , I was a bit disappointed to find that they have cheapened the construction . First of all the little velcro roll that is shown on most of the pictures that allows you to secure the two handles together is gone . Also , there used to be two zippers on the outside and inner big pockets ; now there is only one . If you look at the picture of the black bag , that is the new style -LRB- although mine is turquoise -RRB- . I would still recommend this bag , but it used to be a great bag . Now it 's only good !
 My goodness , I love this toiletry bag . It is very well made . I wo n't need a new toiletry bag for at least a decade . The fabric is durable , and smudges can be wiped away with a damp towel . The bag is huge ! Really , it 's a lot larger than I expected it to be . Plenty of room for absolutely all your toiletry items . I took it on a cruise , and used the built in hanger over the towel rack . It saved space , and the clear compartments made finding any item a breeze . The exterior pockets are great for easy accessibility and storage of last-minute items . Buy this toiletry bag . Do it now !
 I bought this because I needed an organizer bag for my school stuff . I carry pens , highliters , stapler , laptop peripherals , and whatever else I need . I usually leave most things home , since it 's inconvenient to carry everything . What happens is that what I leave home , I need . I hate my mouse rolling around in a pencil bag . So , in search of a cosmetic bag , I found this . It is already full . There are tons of pockets and dividing areas to protect things like mice and card readers . I have my planner , and a small notebook stashed too . The color is great - I bought the dark purple one - and easily carried . The only thing is one zipper is rather fussy , but I hope that will work itself out with use . The front zip pockets are great for other things . I might buy another for actual cosmetic items.If you do carry a lot of little items , this is perfect .
 Nice bag that has held up well under repeated use for travel . Holds everything and is convenient to use . Orginally bought it as a gift but decided that it was not as big as the receiver wanted but it has been perfect for me .
 This is a nice looking bag - lots of pockets . It 's overall size is bigger than I thought - but that 's a good thing . Outside pockets are good sized , bottle pockets inside . Appears good quality . Got to love Baggallini stuff !
 I would highly recommend this seller . The price was fantastic , they shipped quickly and it was exactly as described
 The Wife wanted this and used it years ago . Not in stores any longer . This came packed well and is fresh . The wife is happy and so am I.
 I am very pleased with the service and product I received . My package was received in time expected , and billing was quick and easy . I have no complaints about anything , and I 'm enjoying the fragrance .
 I finally splurged and bought the cologne I loved years ago . Happy to say it 's as wonderful now as it was then . This scent is timeless !
 I absolutely love this ! It has definitely improved the feel of my skin and does not leave it greasy . I also experience less breakouts . I will purchase it again
 I received this product last Friday and love it . I have tinted hair . After washing my hair I had not received my conditioner yet so did use any . My hair was soft and beautiful . Thank you for the opportunity to enjoy this poduct .
 I like to consider myself a hair and make-up junkie ! I 'm willing to try just about anything to find the perfect product ... and I 've found it in Pureology Shampoo and Conditioner . My hair is very course and curly and is color treated every 6 weeks . Along with coloring my hair , I blow dry it every single day and with using these two products , my hair has never been healthier , shinier or softer ! I will never use anything else on my hair . I receive compliments almost daily on how `` healthy '' my hair looks . It 's expensive but well worth it!And the peppermint scent from the conditioner helps to open my sinuses in the shower . Not only is this product making my hair soft , shiny and manageable , I 'm breathing better too ! I LOVE this product !!
 I really do like this brand of shampoo and conditioner . It does make your hair look and feel great . The one main drawback is price . Although this seller has one of the better price points I 've seen . So if you have extra money to spend or really want to treat yourself this is a great product .
 It is deliciously wonderful . It leaves my skin smooth , soft and smelling wonderful . It really is coming in handy with swimming and having the chlorine drying my skin out . I am definitely going to buy more , and you really ca n't beat the price !!! Thank you for a great product.Maureen Jackson
 este producto es excelente y su aroma es genial , deja una sensacion de limpieza en todo el cuerpo , es muy bueno lo recomiendo a cualquier persona
 We purchased this for my mom for Christmas.I have been buying this cologne for over 20 years.My mother was very happy to receive this item .
 This is the most beautiful romantic sexy perfume I have ever had Men Love it and I always get stopped in the street to ask what my perfume isMust De Cartier By Cartier For Women . Eau De Toilette Spray 3.4 oz
 Sensual , musty , no flower smells -- and I 'm not allergic to it ! Been wearing it for 30 years and I love it !
 It is deliciously wonderful . It leaves my skin smooth , soft and smelling wonderful . It really is coming in handy with swimming and having the chlorine drying my skin out . I am definitely going to buy more , and you really ca n't beat the price !!! Thank you for a great product.Maureen Jackson
 este producto es excelente y su aroma es genial , deja una sensacion de limpieza en todo el cuerpo , es muy bueno lo recomiendo a cualquier persona
 This is the apsolutly my favorite eau de toilette . I was looking for it the last 15 years and I ca n't belive I 'll have it again!I wish if did Laroche never took it out of the market.Parfume is all about how we fill with it . This one is perfect for me , for day or night , classy like Chanel but not haevy , old fashioned on nice feminine way , gentle and authentic ... and a lot more then that .
 An enchanting scent that captures the senses and takes them on a wonderful ride.I would recommend this lovely eau de toilette sprayto anyone woman who wants to feel feminine and unique .
 Wrinkle Revenge 3 is a marvelous , highly exfoliating cleanser that is gentle , yet highly effective . It 's an elegant , pearlized cream that is applied to dry skin , massaged in , then rinsed . Skin is left feeling like silk , and so refreshed . I like Wrinkle Revenge 3 -LRB- 20 % glycolic acid -RRB- in the summertime when my skin is oiliest and my pores are most irritating , and Wrinkle Revenge 2 -LRB- 15 % glycolic acid -RRB- during cooler months , when my skin may be drier . If you like VIVIT&Eacute; exfoliating cleanser -LRB- 15 % glycolic -RRB- , or Glyderm , or NeoStrata , you may like Dermadoctor 's Wrinkle Revenge Cleansers and Dermadoctor 's Litmus Test Glycolic Foaming Cleanser even better , and possibly find the Dermadoctor regimen to be overall less expensive . I cleanse in the morning with Wrinkle Revenge , then apply sunscreen SPF30 PA + + + , and makeup . In the evening , I cleanse with Wrinkle Revengle , and follow washing with an application of Poetry in Lotion 1 % retinol serum . The only other product I may add is an eye balm , usually during certain times of the year . Wrinkle Revenge Cleanser is the perfect cleanser in an efficient , effective , reasonably-priced skin care regimen .
 I was turned on to Wrinkle Revenge 2 at a store because they did n't carry the product I was looking for . I 'm so thankful that I bought Wrinkle Revenge 2 , because it was amazing . I 've been using it for about 6 months , so I was looking for something with a little extra oomph . Purchased Wrinkle Revenge 3 and have been so pleased ! I also did a chemical peel , and used this the next day , with just a little stinging . This stuff is great and I 'll continue to get from Amazon .
 This is a very effective cleanser . I tried to use it with Poetry In Lotion , but it was too much and my face peeled too much . The peeling is actually a sign that you are getting results , but it was so bad that I could n't wear makeup . I am getting used to the Poetry In Lotion first and I will gradually add the Wrinkle revenge to my regimen .
 I have been using this for many years . No problems with my sensitive skin and people think I 'm younger than I am . Love it , love it !!!
 I have very dry and sensitive skin and this is the only product that does just what it says it will do
 This eau de parfum mini spray is a great fragrance for someone who may be unfamiliar with the product or who just wants something small to carry in their purse for `` emergencies ! '' The fragrance appears a bit aggressive initially , but as time passes it mellows out and smells quite lovely ! It 's almost like magic ! The only thing that confused me is the little squeezy contraption that is shown on the picture of the mini Prada . It did not accompany my purchase.This fragrance is one you will enjoy , so ... ENJOY !
 Classy , elegant ... stands out . Packaging , scent , presentation ... SUPERB !!! Highly recommend this . Makes a wonderful gift that is affordable.Quality pleasant scent . Estee Lauder gag a maggot it is NOT . Ladies
 This is good stuff but it has a strong smell , I prefer the Prada Infusion .
 It is deliciously wonderful . It leaves my skin smooth , soft and smelling wonderful . It really is coming in handy with swimming and having the chlorine drying my skin out . I am definitely going to buy more , and you really ca n't beat the price !!! Thank you for a great product.Maureen Jackson
 este producto es excelente y su aroma es genial , deja una sensacion de limpieza en todo el cuerpo , es muy bueno lo recomiendo a cualquier persona
 It is deliciously wonderful . It leaves my skin smooth , soft and smelling wonderful . It really is coming in handy with swimming and having the chlorine drying my skin out . I am definitely going to buy more , and you really ca n't beat the price !!! Thank you for a great product.Maureen Jackson
 este producto es excelente y su aroma es genial , deja una sensacion de limpieza en todo el cuerpo , es muy bueno lo recomiendo a cualquier persona
 I always get compliments when I wear it.I love this product . I have been wearing it for almost 20 years .
 This is a very cool lotion for your skin . Normally anything you getover the counter burns the heck out of you . Balneol has been aroundfor years and years but until several years ago , I hadnt been able tofind it . I tried all the pharmacies with no luck . I wrote to thecompany in GA. and they were in the process of redisgninga the plasticcontainer . Now as far as I know , you can find it easily at mostpharmacies and at Amazon . There is no absolute way I would be withoutthis lotion again . AS anyone knows rashes can be extremely painful.I can dash this lotion on and in just a few minutes my pain is gone.I just hope they never stop making it .
 This product is cheap and effective for its purpose - soothing the irritation of certain private areas . My bottle never once leaked when I carried it places with me . The packaging is REALLY boring and the consistency is slighty runny , but it really does do the job well .
 Balneol is absolutely the best on the market . It is a cooling and calming cream , not like most on the market that burn you up.This cream actually came out a long time ago and it , s getting harder and harder to find in local pharmacies . I am 74 and my daughter is 44 and we both can not live without it .
 I consider myself an expert on perianal creams and lotions . I have never found a better product than Balneol !
 I have the perfume , also , and I love it ! Ladies , if you purchase the perfume , get this one too . To make it a perfect set !
 I personally cant stand the smell of this perfume but it is really stong and lasts for hours and hours ! This and White Diamonds last a long time but any of the others -LRB- Black Pearls , Diamonds and Saphires -RRB- I do not recommend because they are so week its not worth spending the money on !
 It is deliciously wonderful . It leaves my skin smooth , soft and smelling wonderful . It really is coming in handy with swimming and having the chlorine drying my skin out . I am definitely going to buy more , and you really ca n't beat the price !!! Thank you for a great product.Maureen Jackson
 este producto es excelente y su aroma es genial , deja una sensacion de limpieza en todo el cuerpo , es muy bueno lo recomiendo a cualquier persona
 This is a lovely light fragrance that I use mainly in the summer . It was in great shape when it came and I would order it again when needed .
 This is my `` go to '' after gym fragrance . The longevity it absolutly horrible , but the scent is awesome while it lasts . For around $ 25 you ca n't go wrong when you need something to make you smell great for a short period of time .
 Bought this cologne , scent unknown . I like the scent , although not quite what I was expecting . It is a strong , sweet yet peppery scent . Smells quite good . But , once you have it on , it will wear off within a couples of hours . I like the ones that last all day .
 Excellent product . Almost reasonable price . I use it and enjoy at least for the last ten years . My favorite after shawing spray .
 LIVE JAZZ by Yves Saint Laurent Eau De Toilette Spray 3.3 oz for MenI have been using this for years . I still get compliments on how good it smells .
 Live Jazz is a wonderfully sparkling green and fresh citrus with hints of mint . Absolutely refreshing and uplifting during humid and hot weather . A great find for me , I will always have a bottle in my wardrobe .
 great fragance for summer and high humidity , good projection and long lasting -LRB- not like Rive Gauche but is good -RRB- smell like mint and coriander and some of vanilla but in good form . . not sweet . . put your eyes on this line ... THIS FRAGANCE IS NOT AQUATIC OR CITRIC , if you want some aquatic , forget it !
 I have been using this cologne since 1999 and i still love it to this day.Highly recommend .
 I bought this scent at the beginning of the summer , and I was happy I did . It is a minty/citrusy scent . It is an invigorating scent that is sure to pique the interest of any nose . Live Jazz is definitely a perfect scent for the summer .
 i love this flat iron . used to buy cheap flat iron but speding the extra money is so worth it . the plates get very hot but gilde eadily and do not damage or `` fry '' hair . you can also make a perfect flip at the end and make a spiral and create great curls -- even better than rollers . heats quickly and handles are cool to the touch.i recommend this .
 I absolutely love this straightner . I have tried many other ones but this is the best by far . It works as a straightner or as a curling iron . This was my second one and I will never switch to anything else . My first one lasted me three years and so it is really worth the money . I recommend it to anyone : -RRB-
 I love this flat iron I had this hair art flat iron for 3 years no burning out or broken ... It gets the hair more straighter and silker then the chi and I am hair stylist and use it on a daily basis its easier to control to do more styles with such as flips , spirals , updos ... I highly recommend this to any one or hair stylist if you are trying to find something similar to chi iron .
 I used to think a flat iron is a just a flat iron , but let me tell you I am so in love with the HairArt flat iron . I can straighten , flip , and spiral curl with it . My clients love it , and they tell me their curls have lasted up to two weeks . I even use it on my four inch short haircut . The temperature control is terrific , and I only use 410 degrees for my clients who have wavy resisant hair . It gets piping hot . If you buy this you wo n't be disappointed !
 I have only used inexpensive flat irons before and they did n't work . This one is fantastic . I have very thick hair and it works beautifully . It 's easy to use and does it 's job without frying your hair . I even recommended it to my hair stylist . I was at a loss as to which flat iron to buy , and I certainly made the right decision . I love it .
 This Straightener is great ! What used to take over half an hour is now just 15 minutes . It heats up quickly and is ready to go by the time I am .
 I DECIDED TO SELECT THIS FLAT IRON BECAUSE THIS IS THE ONE THAT MY HAIR STYLIST USE WHEN I GET SALON HAIR CARE . IT WORKS WELL . I HAVE NOTHING TO COMPARE IT TO SO I CAN ONLY SAY THAT IT DOES IT 'S JOB . IT IS ALSO CHOOSEN AS ONE OF THE BEST HAIRART PRODUCTS THEY HAVE . IN ALL , THOSE FACTORS HELP ME CHOSE THIS STRENGTHENING IRON .
 after many researches and returns of chi and babyliss irons , i found this to work for me with no thoughts of returning it . I am african american and it gets my soft hair straight and shiny . Takes no time to get as hot as it can be . . like 3 seconds ! wish they 'd come out with a thinner one , but the plate does come out to the edges and it DOES NOT snag your hair like the other ones did . It comes with a heavy felt pouch for storage and is adjustable at 4 settings . 450 is the hottest . would buy again .
 I love this flat iron !! I have very frizzy hair . When I use this to straighten my hair my hair is so straight and very shinny ! LOVE IT ... My daughter will not leave it alone I am going to have to get her one for Christmas .
 This Flat Iron is wonderful , I have been doing Hair professionally for over 11 years , I normally use a CHI flat iron -LRB- great iron too -RRB- however my CHI `` s seem to always break within a year or just after the year warranty , My hair art lasts me forever , cheaper than the CHI too.I love the rounded edges . It never pulls on the hair . super fast Shipping , I recommend this iron to all of my clients . I suggest 3/8 in for all hair lengths
 Esta plancha es la mejor inversion que he hecho . Tengo dos planchas de otra marcas . Pero el cambio grande en mi cabello lo not&eacute; con la hair art.El pelo me queda lacio natural y otra cosa mi pelo coje humedad rapido pero con esta plancha lo he podido controlar.La recomiendo grandemente ...
 I have natural spiral curls and could never get my hair straight . My stylist tried this straightener on my hair and I could not believe how well it worked . I bought one through the salon and my daughter and I both love it . I am ordering another one since the first one has finally been worn out . It slides over to smooth your hair and does n't catch at all .
 -LSB- -LSB- ASIN : B0009XYGEO H-3000 -RSB- The Hairart H3000 Is one of the best and most durable flat irons money can buy , along with it 's refined design and track record , it has been perfected for the past 15 years and has earned A 5 Star rating from salon professionals who tested and used it on multiple hair types and clients on a regular basis . To sum it up , The hairart H3000 Flat Iron is the Honda Accord of Flat Irons .
 I have never straightened my hair by myself . But I had a friend attempt to do it , and my very curly hair turned out soft , shiny and straight!I had to get my own Hair Art Flat Iron . Now , I can do my hair and make it shiny and soft too .
 the flat iron works well and heats up fast . it is a bit thicker than i thought it would be -LRB- i do n't mean wide -RRB- , and it 's a bit awkward to straighten my thin , above shoulder length hair because of how thick it is . it works though . i 'd recommend it .
 A great product , this is my second Hair Art flat iron , this first lasted over 5 years and worked great up until i dropped it . I highly recommed this for anyone with curly , coarse hair like mine . It works great on all lengths , i had it when my hair was down my back and styles just as well now that i have a bob hair cut .
 I bought this flatiron for my daughter who has very thick , medium curly hair . I have very thin , processed hair . This flatiron works perfectly for both of us ! It has a dial that changes the temperature which is exactly what we needed . I use it at about 350 degrees and she uses it at 410 . We are extremely pleased with it and I am looking forward to buying other Hairart products ... : -RRB-
 This is a great straightener with a great price . It works well on my wavy hair and does not make it frizz .
 I 'm very , very , pleased with this flat Iron . I get so many compliments :0 -RRB- It gives me salon hair Lol . My hair is sure to be shiny and silky after using it . It normally takes me 30 mins to style but be careful when handling , because it heats up really fast and it gets extremely hot !!
 I love it ! It works well and it is exactly what I expected.I got it on time as well .
 I already had one of these , but I dropped it one to many times and it finally broke one of the plates off . This model was initially recommended by my hair dresser and I was thankful to find one on Amazon . It 's a professional flat iron and love , love , love it .
 Love this hair iron . It is my favorite and I could NOT use anything else . Vere reliable and it works awesome !
 I take my two daughters to get their hair styled every 3 weeks and their stylist uses this flat iron.I had been saying that I was going to buy one but never got around to it . Recently their stylist had to move -LRB- husband is in the army -RRB- and so I decided to go ahead and get it , the salon wanted $ 100.00 for it . SO glad I got it here instead . Used it tonight and their hair looks amazing .
 Had one of these before the exact same one and spent a whole lot more ! great buy ! Do n't waste your money on those expensive ones at the mall !
 This an awesome flat iron . It works well on all textures of hair . Great investment.Love the fact you can flat iron hair from any angle and have best hair style
 I 've had this flat iron for over two years now !! It still works exactly how I bought it . I have very thick corse hair . I could not be any happier with the results . Worth every penny and the price was great .
 After going through 3 Chi 's I finally changed brands -LRB- as recommended -RRB- and I love the HairArt Flat Iron ! Highly recommend this product to anyone looking for a great styling tool !
 I was pleasantly surprised to discover that this product actually did what it claimed . Not only does it straighten my frizzy hair in one stroke , but also my daughters hair which is curly . The heat settings and heavy ceramic plates make all the difference . Highly recommend this product to have as a weapon against bad hair days !
 Hairart straighteners are worth every penny ... and they really are n't even that expensive ! I had mine for 5 years until it died . I plan on being a customer for life and buying the same one again . I used mine almost every day and not a fried strand of hair in sight !
 This is a great product !! Heats up in about 30 seconds and works great . I am very happy with this product and will recommend it to others any day !!
 This is the best straightening iron I have ever used . My hair is curly and thick . This iron keeps my hair straight even in humidity !
 I am happy with the product . I tried one straightener of conair , after using it my hair were looking very unhealthy and broken . But this straightener makes your hair look healthy and shiny with very nice bounce : -RRB- last weekend my friends came to my house all used the flat iron . they were also very happy and they will be ordering it .
 This is my 2nd one and my 1st lasted for years . Its an older model but get the job done and it gets really hot !
 My daughter got one of these a couple of years ago at her hairdresser 's price - I got this one on Amazon for much less and it is the same model . I used hers so many times even while I had a cheaper brand that I bought that was recommended by my hairdresser . It was terrible compared to the HairArt straightener ! This thing is magic ! I can curl , wave and straighten my hair with it . The only complaint I have about it is the case gets hot when the iron gets hot so when you are trying to hold it to curl your hair you can burn your fingers . Make sure if you do n't have really coarse , thick hair that you do n't turn the heat all the way up no matter how tempted you are . I am in my fifties and bleach my hair so it is much finer and dryer than when I was young and brunette ! I can not turn it to the max -LRB- I think it 's 475 degrees -RRB- but it works just as well at lower temps . You will love it ! My husband constantly tells me how sexy my hair is ! You will not regret this purchase !
 This straightener works well and is priced reasonably . It straightens without frying -- it makes my hair straighter and much smoother . It looks natural . Also , it seems pretty heavy-duty without being heavy . I have n't really put it through the ringer yet , but it seems like it can stand up to a lot of use . It heats up quickly and the plates seem to be evenly heated . Also , the felt bag it comes in is awesome -LRB- yes , I know you can buy those at the store , but it was a pleasant surprise ! -RRB- . Overall , I think this is a great buy .
 This item is so great I bought one for myself and one for my friend as a birthday present . The iron has multiple tempatures and even at the highest heat does n't burn your hair . I have curly hair and this is the only iron that gives me a straight , shiny , sleek finish . I would highly recommend this product .
 I have bought in the past many hair straightening irons for my thick coarse hair . My hairdresser recommended that I buy the ceramic hair iron she uses . She has had it more than 10 years and uses it daily for her clients . She is very pleased with the performance and quality . I decided to purchase it and have been using it for 3 moths and really love how it works on my hair and that it is hot enough to do the job . I you plan on buying this item ask your hairdressed to show you how to use it properly and how high to set the temperature . I would buy this products again in the future if I needed to do so . Overall a 5 star rating /
 OUT OF CORIOLISS , CORTEX , AND ANDIS AND IM SURE MANY OTHERS THIS HAS GOT 2 DEFINITELY BE THE BEST !!! IT GLIDES RIGHT THRU UR HAIR WITH NO PULLING AND ADDS A MAGNIFICENT SHINE ! lOVIN THE HEAT RESISTANT BAG IT CAME WITH ! AWESOME AWESOME FOR ONLY 59.93 ! i ABSOLUTELY LOVE IT ! GET IT , U WONT B DISAPPOINTED !
 Came in on time , smells great , but wears away super , super fast . Neat container . I was one of the original Polo Sport Extreme wearers , and I was always asked `` What 's that you 're wearing ? '' It has a unique smell which is very peppery and a cross between CKb and Polo Sport . You 'll like it , but keep it with you for re-applications during the day because it just does n't stay on your person all day giving consistent scent .
 It is deliciously wonderful . It leaves my skin smooth , soft and smelling wonderful . It really is coming in handy with swimming and having the chlorine drying my skin out . I am definitely going to buy more , and you really ca n't beat the price !!! Thank you for a great product.Maureen Jackson
 este producto es excelente y su aroma es genial , deja una sensacion de limpieza en todo el cuerpo , es muy bueno lo recomiendo a cualquier persona
 Mariella Burani by Mariella Burani . very nice fragrance however I did locate some in smaller size less expensive atThefragrancefactory.com
 It may be a little too sweet when first applied but once it dries out it spells R-E-F-I-N-E-D TASTE!It almost reminds one of MYSTERE by Rochas , which was discontinued some 20 years ago .
 I 'm in my 30 's and I 've been using Paula Dorf pressed powder for years . I have very sensitive skin and I 've never broken out due to this makeup/powder . Also , I hate the way makeup feels on my skin . I always feel like it 's too heavy and usually I break out . I use this powder as my makeup . I do not have flawless skin , but using this makes me look like I have a very even skin tone . I used Bare Minerals for a year but this has much better coverage and it lasts a long time . I love it !
 Paula Dorf makes so many wonderful products and this is one of my favorites . It 's not cakey powder like some I 've tried . It makes my skin look very smooth . I also use Paula Dorf 's foundation with it .
 I have been using this product for several years and finds it lasts , it is not too heavy and the color matches well . A great recommendation from my sister !
 This is a great perfume and the price was super . I purchased it as a gift for a friend and she loves it .
 Eau Du Soir by Sisley is amazing ! I first encountered it when my friend wore it and have been wanting to purchase it since . My only regret , is I did not purchase the larger bottle . I love , love , love this perfume ! I have Prada and Miss Dior already and this is much better in my opinion ! Also , the company I purchased this from is excellent ! Product arrived much sooner than promised . I was a bit worried it would be a fake , but it is definitely the real thing . I recommend this company and this perfume , you wont be sorry !
 this is my favorite perfume , and I have been using is for a few years . And I am happy with this one from amazon.com . I was worried that it might be a fake one since it is much less expensive than the retail price . But it is not . good product and I will buy it again .
 I am not sure what it is about this fragrance . OK , it 's quite expensive as the rest of Sisley products , that I ca n't justify . But I 've received this fragrance as a gift , thankfullly . And I love it . When I wear it I always get comments from men asking what I am wearing . Not from women , but always from men . I do n't know what 's in it , but it 's got to be some pheromone or something that does something to men . What can I say - I love it !
 the `` eau du soir '' parfum is exquisite and the bargain i got was even better !
 Buy it.Buy it you will be happy . It 's elegant and classic . I have puchased it many times . It does not overwhelm the senses and I use more than one spritz . I love it and you will too . Not to mention how cool the bottle is .
 About 2 years ago someone I worked with had this perfume on and I asked her what it was . I immediately purchased this product and I more than likely will never wear another perfume/cologne again . EVERYONE comments on how very nice it is . You can not find it in stores , other than Neiman Marcus . This is the best price I 've seen it for .
 This was a present for my mother . It is hard to get but it has a lovely fragrance .
 Perfume arrived on time as promised . Wife is very happy . Now I can sleep in peace!She smells great !!!
 This is a great product and the seller really came through . I will always use this product and will definetly order again . Thanks .
 Both mine and my husbands favorite . I have to ware it every day even if its expensive . I get complements all the time .
 I happened upon this scent and was instantly in love . It is sophisticated ; just absolutely beautiful . Now my signature scent .
 Love it , love it , love it . The very best of the best perfumes . It really attracts the opposite sex along with making you feel special .
 Warning , you might not like this product if your regular perfume is sweet and light . I did not like it at all when my wife first used it . Yes , I did tell her I hate it . It has a very strong and dominant moss-like smell on your nostrils initially and can last for awhile . However , the unexpected discovery was that after two days , I am now in love with the scent on her , around her , and around the house . The perfume turned into a fresh , light mixed of the country air with a touch of cinnamon and rose . The scent lasted all day long and lingered into the night . And yes the rose is there , expecially when the body heat up if you know what I mean -LRB- wink -RRB- . Now when I came home from a long day at work , catching the scent of this lightly lingered perfume around the house , what can I say , the nerves all calmed down.It is a bit pricey for an online perfume purchase , but after my discovery , the price is worth it though . It took me this long to find a replacement for my wife perfume after Victoria Secret cancelled their blue perfume bottle . So be warned , you might not like this at first , but if you gave it an honest try , you might wonder why it took you this long to discover it .
 The Amazon description is correct . Although rose plays the key role in this fragrance , Eau du Soir does also contain moss and woods . And they are quite noticeable since it is a chypre floral fragrance . One of the best of this kind . Perhaps THE best . Undoubtedly , my favourite perfume . It is light , crispy , fresh . I am not a huge fan of the rose fragrances , but in Eau du Soir rose is calm and mild . And very green . Eau du Soir is the kind of scent that makes you want to be a better person . However , I would n't advise buying this perfume without giving it a try first . As it often happens with chypre fragrances , it is not going to appeal to everybody . Or , to put it another way , it is the kind of scent that is not trying to appeal to everybody . It stands on its own and speaks for itself .
 I got this perfume for my friend who really loves the smell . It was the best price I could get it for so recommend to everyone to buy it on amazon .
 Excellent experience from beginning to end . Speed of shipping communication , packaging and product . Definitely will buy again .
 I love it ! One of my favorite Parfumes . I have worn the fragrance for many years , and I always get compliments !!
 I have been eyeing this product for quite awhile . I finally bit the bullet and ordered this wonderful fragrance . I was not sure what I was going to get - however it met all my expections and more . It was everything that was promised . Wonderful packaging - beautiful bottle and the contents were fabulous . The fragrance is long lasting especially when layered with the Eau du Sour body cream by Sisley.Thank you Amazon - again.Shannon Pera
 A very distinct scent for a serious perfume lover . It is my favorite and at this price I can indulge . It is a heavier scent than many people like , so buy a small bottle first if you have not tried it before . TIP
 The very first time I was introduced to this fragrance about a year ago , while shopping at SAKS . A sales rep at Sisley counter was showering a woman standing next to me with tons of compliments about this scent she was wearing . I was listening to all that , and thinking `` gosh woman , you would sing just about any song to sell this , are n't you ... '' But suspense still got the best of me and I sprayed a bit of it on myself before leaving the store.That day , I had at least 3 people commented on how great I smelled and asked me what it was ! One of them was my husband , who usually does n't comment on anything , unless it is a piece of latest electronics . Important to mention that I have about 30 various fragrances at home that I wear on different occasions . But I ca n't recall getting compliments on any . After that I had to have this scent too . It 's kind of masculine but I grew into it . It 's different and also much more expensive then I usually would spend on a bottle of perfume . But I had to have it and it gets noticed .
 This perfume is not available where we live . It is my mother 's favorite and this is the second time I have ordered it from Amazon . We have been very happy with its freshness ; it is actually cheaper to buy it here than to buy it in France where it is manufactured .
 the glasses are just what i needed i had no problem with the ordering process at all . I will be doing business here again soon .
 I have been purchasing safety glasses for several years for my medical assistant students . I look for eye protection that is sturdy enough for occasional use , glasses that are somewhat &#34; fashionable &#34; and that are inexpensive . These Clear Safety Glasses meet all my requirements . The glasses come in several different colors -LRB- rims -RRB- and the large size fits over regular glasses worn for vision . My students much prefer these safety glasses to the &#34; goggle &#34; type that they are required to wear for labs . The Clear Safety Glasses are on the smallish size and are light and easy to carry in a book bag or backpack . The easier it is for students to wear eye protection , the more likely it is that they will do so , and this product is a big help to me as an instructor . My hope is that these safety glasses will last through several years of wear , but I 'll have to add that to next year 's review . If you need occasional minimal eyewear protection , these are the glasses for you . If you need better eye protection than what I 've described , I would look for something a little more sturdy .
 This is my second purchase from this seller . I 'm so very happy with my purchase . This product is so very hard to find in my area , even in surrounding cities . It 's like they completely took this color off the shelves EVERYWHERE ! I ca n't thank you enough for having such a large surplus in stock . I purchased some from you that will last me for quite some time ! Thank you for your kindness when responding to my questions and also for you mailing out the product so fast . I 'm very happy !!!
 For some reason when I started using Progaine shampoo I noticed that there was n't as much of my hair behind the door in the bathroom which led me to conclude that my hair was n't falling out as much . It also leaves my hair soft . I ordered from Amazon because sometimes I ca n't find it where I usually shop .
 Love it ! Works amazing ... anyone who is self conscious about their hair , and everyone comments on how nice my hair looks . Forever user . .
 Great shampoo , showed up ahead of schedule , packed well , perfect condition : -RRB- This stuff makes my scalp feel great and has become impossible to find where I live , so buying the three pack is the only way for me to go .
 It truly does given thin hair more volume . I just love the fragrance of this shampoo ! It smell like you just dove into the pool -- you 'll understand that the minute you lather it up . This is my second purchase of the 3 pack . That should say it all ! Of course I recommend this shampoo highly !
 I have been using it for last two years or more . But completely satisfied with the product . First my hair stop falling and then I saw them healthy and grooming . Totally recommend to anyone who is losing hair .
 I have sensitive eyes and skin and I live in temperatures over 90 degrees most of the year . This product has served me well for the last year . No irritation , is easily absorbed and does n't irritate my eyes or skin . This line of skin care is really wonderful .
 I have searched for this product for several years until I accidentally found it while browsing through Amazon . The fragrance of this product is beautiful and subtle . This particular purchase was for Bubble Bath , but I will be purchasing both lotion and scent as my closely hoarded stash depletes . I will use this product for as long as I am able to purchase it .
 This product is an a + this is what they use at the salons to dye eyelashes and eye brows . Vey gentle I use it on my daughters eye lashes .
 Does not last as long as similar products but works well otherwise . It will last about 3 weeks or so .
 I dye my own eyelashes . The first time I purchased dye for my eyelashes it was much more expensive . I have used some products that you can buy in the local beauty supply , I do n't like them at all . The tube should last you a very long time and usually about every 4 - 6 weeks is a good time frame to maintain the color .
 I purchased this for Christmas . My wife has had it years before . I know that she will love it . It 's a very sensual scent ! WHOA !!
 Country apple scent makes me think of childhood in the country
 I was expecting this bottle to be about the size of a can of soda , but it 's more like the size of a large energy drink can . The glitter is coarse -LRB- large pieces vs. small , dusty particles -RRB- , which makes it nice and sparkly , but also more prone to shedding . I used this to glitter two pairs of shoes and multiple other accessories for rave outfits I made , and I have only used about 1/4 of the bottle . This will last you a while !
 I 'm allergic to most floral perfumes and colognes . Rose ... almost anything cheap ... either breaks me out in hives ... or smells like Deep Woods Off on me after a 1/2 hour.This stuff is MAGIC . Sure ... at first it smells refreshingly like a freshly opened can of Coke ... but after you give it some time to mellow on your skin ... the scent becomes really complex . Spice . Sweet . Slightly berry ... slightly woodsy . I 'll let people give it a whiff without telling them what it is ... and all I 'll get is ... `` That smells fabulous ... and familiar ... `` When I tell them it 's cola ... they freak!If they ever stop importing this ... I 'll cry . Lucky for me I live in Chicago ... and can shop at Smallflower directly . -LRB- Mertz Apothecary -RRB- But do yourself a favor and order TWO BOTTLES right off . You 'll want an extra for your purse . Trust me .
 I 've worn L'Aromarine for years now . I prefer uncomplicated and clean fragrances , and I 'm often drawn to delicately sweet fruit and floral scents -LRB- Mure Musc mulberry is a long-time favorite -RRB- . I was intrigued by the other reviews Cola got , so I thought I would try it . I figured if I did n't care for it , I could always gift it to a friend . But I was very pleasantly surprised . The scent is like fresh poured cola . It has a very original and distinct cola aroma , with a slight hint of crisp spice . I am very particular about scents , especially warm or lingering notes , so I wore it for a couple days before I reviewed it . As with most eau de toilettes , it 's pretty light and tends to fade within a few hours . I do n't think this scent is meant to be unisex , but in my opinion it would work well even for men . It has no noticeable floral or powder notes , and any hint of sweetness is a deeper , almost woody spiciness . I 'd love to smell it on a man.I like this scent so much , I think it will be one of my new favorites . It 's like no other fragrance I can recall . Completely original .
 Smells like cola , what else can I say ? If you love Gummi Cola and like smelling like it , then get this stuff . L'Aromarine is the best !
 My daughter got this for Christmas and loves it . It almost has a cotton candy smell . It 's very nice for young girls or teens but I would not recommend it for adult women .
 honestly is the only place where you can find this gift set . a fragrance that identifies me , I 'm very happy for buying this product ...
 This was the only place I could find the perfume/body lotion/body wash combo from Perry Ellis Woman . Love it - ca n't believe they discontinued this scent - but I have stocked up !
 My skin has never been so soft . It seems to be sold out , I would like to buy it on a regular basis .
 I saw this product on Dr. Oz and thought I would give it a try . I 'm glad I ordered it when I did because not long after that it was on backorder . I have been using A/B Hydroxyl Acid for about 2-1/2 months and my skin is so smooth . I have a salon quality microdermabrasion machine and when I use it now there is hardly any dry skin that comes off . This product removes the dead dry skin and reveals a much younger smooth skin . I will continue using this product .
 Love this product I use it every night my skin feels softer , looks smooth too . I think is has helped with wrinkles too they are not as deep .
 I have been using this for about a month and a half . While I would love to say that it is a miracle for my face , I think I am beyond miracles at this point ! But I love the way my face feels in the morning when I use this at night . It does really seem to have an effect on my skin . I think my wrinkles are a little too tough for all these products , but I can see how they would be wonderful on younger skin . I wish I had this years ago . I really think it would have made a difference . But I will continue using it because I do think it does help your skin .
 As advertised , a great night cream . Non-greasy , it absorbs quickly . Skin immediately feels smoother without any irritation . I would recommend it to anyone .
 I bought this after watching it on Dr. OZ and found it to really help with the sun damage and dark spots from years of sun when I was younger !
 I have been using this product for about 3 weeks now and noticed my skin is getting smoother . Have n't noticed any tingling or dry sensations on my skin . I hope within the next few months to see less lines .
 Works great , tingles a bit ... Makes my skin tighter and smoother . I have normal fair clear skin . Wish it smelled better , not bad but could be better
 Only by Julio Iglesias fragrance is Quite nice a little stronger than only crazy which I also like but it is very soft . However I found it Cheaper at thefragrancefactory.comso only 4 stars .
 I am one of those individuals who can not wear any scent I may be drawn to because most give me headaches . Of the few I can wear this is one of my favorite ! It is light and subtle , not powdery , and not overbearing so that someone needs to be right next to you to beaware of your fragrance . There is nothing worse , in my opinion , than to be overwhelmed by someone else 's scent . I even wear this when I 'm staying-in because I enjoy the fragrance that much . My only criticism and reason for 4 * 's vs. 5 , is that the scent does not stick around long enough . I find myself reapplying once -LRB- at least -RRB- a day . They need a body oil or lotion . I have n't tried the gel yet but maybe layering it with that would help it last .
 When I learned my wife was almost out of this perfume I decided to buy her some as a stocking stuffer for Christmas . Maybe it 's just me but when I checked Amazon one day it listed an ordinary price . Then I searched the web for better pricing and found it cheaper . When I went back to Amazon the next day for something else , I found they LOWERED the price . So either Amazon is price matching everyday , or they have a way of knowing what you 're searching the web for and putting a better deal in front of you . The latter being VERY spooky . In the end , they had the best price with free shipping , and items always arrive quickly . All I can say is , if I ever find a hole in my underwear and on my next visit to Amazon they recommend new underwear before I even do a search , the computer goes into the dumpster .
 I received this item in 8 days from date purchased . Packaged very well . Item was also factory sealed/wrapped . The free samples added in were a nice touch . I would definatly recommend this seller . Of course I LOVE this perfume . It is my everyday scent .
 My order came in within 3 days of placing my order in perfect condition -LRB- my perfume order came without a box which was in the description -RRB- . You can not beat the price compared to high end department stores . I recommend this seller to all and I would definitely purchase other items from this seller .
 I was visiting my aunt in the hospital when the nurse walked in smelling of this wonderful fragrance . My mom , my aunt and myself just had to find out what she was wearing ... I had to have it . But was so , so , soooo disappointed in the cost -LRB- not that it is n't worth it -RRB- cause for poor folks like it just is n't a luxery I could afford UNTIL NOW ... when I found these mini 's not only could I buy it for myself but what a great affordable Christmas gift . My mom was shocked and loved getting it . My husband had no idea I was getting it for myself , I always wear Happy ... another great fragrance he really likes but the first time he smelled Blue on me , I got a great big hug ... he would n't let go for like a minute . : o -RRB-
 I was upset to find that Ralph Lauren stopped making the Blue perfume . I found it on line through Amazon and ordered 2 bottles for a much cheaper price then at my department store . The product was shipped to my door and I could n't be happier . thanks Amazon
 This bottle of Blue , from Ralph Lauren smells amazing!You only need a dab to smell fantastic . It was shipped super fast !
 The lotion in this set is discontinued and hard to find . For $ 150 bucks I took the gamble that it 'd be the real thing . Despite reviews occasionally saying they had problems , I received exactly what I wanted , it arrived quickly , and there were no problems with it at all.This was a gift for my girlfriend , and she greatly enjoyed that I managed to find her discontinued perfume.Would recommend , would buy again .
 I was very happy with the product . It was just as portrayed and arrived very quickly . It was a gift and the recipient was also pleased .
 My order was received very quickly and was just as portrayed . It was for a gift and the recipient loved it .
 This product has been discontinued and hard to find locally . I was able to find it on the Internet and was pleased with the purchase as it was delivered on time and was exactly what my wife wanted .
 Very clean and floral . I am going to finish this bottle quickly ! Have gotten complements already . Would recommend this to anyone who does n't like anything too heavy .
 I wasnt expecting as small as they were but thats my fault for not knowing my measurements but I do like the size and they are great for traveling . Decent price and arrived in good time .
 I love this light flirty fragrance . Perfect for daytime or playtime , this scent will become one of your favorites . Another winner by Ralph Lauren !
 I have been using Blue for two years now and ALWAYS reach for it first ! Day or night ! BLUE is very delicate , feminine and clean smelling . It is such a subtle , up-to-date fragrance . Ralph , NEVER STOP making Blue ... . it is perfect !!!
 i absolutely love this perfume!i always get compliments on it.the scent is just right ... not too strong , not too subtle .
 My order was filled in a timely manner , well packaged and received in excellent condition . Thank you for your superb service .
 This product contains the most volume for the best price . The vendor sent it promptly and I could not be more satisfied !
 My mom loves this perfume . Only 4 stars because I personally ca n't stand the scent .
 RALPH LAUREN BLUE For Women By RALPH LAUREN eau de toilette Could not buy this product in retail anymore ... Searched high and low and behold AMAZON came through ... Got it in a couple days and am so very happy . Its an amazing product and I love the Eau de Toilette `` BLUE '' ... Can not live without it ... Thank You Amazon ... Carol Ann
 I am thoroughly pleased with this fragrance . I get many compliments on it daily . I may wear others from time to time , but this is my Scent .
 Love Ralph Lauren Blue ! I had a small sample of it some time ago and was looking forward to owning it . My only mistake was in purchasing the EDT version . I think the parfum would have been a better choice for me , as it is longer lasting . When I purchase again , that will be my choice . Blue is one of my all time favorites .
 This is the greatest perfume ! I got the huge bottle for Christmas . My husband loves it to but I really love it ! I usually get burnt out on certain scents but this one is a keeper . Some perfumes give me headaches but this one does n't . It smells so fresh and clean .
 my `` signature scent '' depends on the day , mostly I love light floral , or oceany scents . -LRB- ones I 've liked before are Issey Miake , Tommy Girl , Escape , Clinique Happy ... -RRB- I must say that Ralph Lauren Blue far surpassed my expectations !!!!! I simply love the light scent that , on me , is the perfect mix between ocean-y and floral scent ... this scent reminds me of a perfect summer 's day on the beach ...
 I was pleasantly surprised after trying Ralph Lauren 's new fragrance `` Blue '' . The fragrance is advertised as having a different scent on every woman.I typically am unable to tolerate any fragrance on my skin . It usually ends up being so overpowering and I scrub it off so I can breathe again.This time , however , I have actually been able to wear and enjoy the fragrance on my skin .
 I absolutely love this stuff ! It smells great on anyone and can be worn anytime , whether on a date , to the movies , grocery store , or even just taking your kids to the park . It 's good for young and old and has a distinct smell on everyone who wears it . I love it and it has become my favorite perfume ever ! I get lots of compliments from my family and boyfriend on the scent .
 this perfume order arrived very quickly and it was in perfect condition !! Thanks for the great service , Darlene Borst
 LOVE IT ! LOVE IT ! LOVE IT ! I 've been wearing it since it debuted several years ago . My sister in law just had to have some when she smelled it on me . I get so many compliments on it and it works in all seasons .
 I shopped and this was the best deal that I could find . It was delivered on time with no problems , exactly as described .
 It arrived quickly and smells wonderful ... the scent reminds me of when I was in Paris and it always makes me smile .
 I do n't know why , because there is a picture , but I expected it to be bigger . LOL . Guess that 's my own fault for not paying attention . But I love it . I was n't sure if I would or not so the little sample size really helped me decide on purchasing a bigger bottle . Good move even though I did n't plan it . I think from here on out I will buy a sample size before buying the real deal .
 My daughter loves it ... requiring me to write more about this is destroying my interest in commenting on every product I purchase .
 as advertised , good price , . smell is subjective , wife told me to buy this for the mother-in-law , she loves it , and I saved a few bucks off dept. store prices ! came fast
 I am wondering why this product arrived in a box with the writing &#34; sample - not for sale &#34; on it after I was charged $ 10.00 . Hmmmmmmmmm
 I love this parfume , it became my signature since it was released , everybody asks me &#34; waht is your parfume &#34; when I go out
 My mother wanted this for her birthday . When we gave it to her , she was thrilled . It was shipped and packaged properly and expediently . Will buy again .
 RLB is my # 1 perfume , it 's classic and not over powering . I 've never gotten so many compliments on a perfume before .
 This product is absolutely one of a kind ! I always wondered what perfume my sister-in-law used , it smelled heavenly . I was too shy to ask , you do n't want to steal another woman 's scent ! One day I was shopping for another product and ended up sampling Blue by Ralph Lauren . Low and behold-It was the same scent that I had been trying to identify for two years ! I HAD to have it , I am just careful not to wear it when I 'm around her . ;-RRB- I 've received multiple compliments from women and men alike-Two of my girlfriends now use this perfume ! This would be a great gift and it arrived exactly on time . LOVE !!!
 Timely shipping and it was the real thing . Thank you and look forward to ordering from you again .
 This perfume has a `` just gotten out of the shower '' smell as it is a nice clean scent . Wonderful for everyday use .
 This is a really great perfume and smells so feminine and sexy . I will definitely be ordering the larger size next time .
 i was so sad that the perfume `` blue `` made by ralph lauren was sold out in europe ! i was happy to find it om amazon.i had a bit of a shock when i saw the prize AND the shipping prize , but decided to buy it afterall , because i had been searching very long for this bottle.The package came in ok , i was very happy with the best smell of the world , but unhappy with the fact 1 als had to pay the postman 35 euro for bringing the parcell through the douane . This was not mentioned at the website.So afterall a very expensive present for myself , i do not think i would do this again . i also mailed this to amazon , but no reaction so far .
 I bought RL Blue in 2003 , the fragrant floral smell remind me of a street I grew up in . It had rows of Michelia Alba trees along the sidewalk . This fragrance smells settle and not too over powering , it is a perfume that you spray and walk into . I get stopped all the time asking what pefume I 'm wearing ? I love it !
 This product is a very good product . I love it . This product is a great product , but I paid a lot for it when I purchased it for only $ 67.50 form another store .
 The Mrs. favorite . The price was better than anywhere else I found in stores or on-line . The only downside was that the packaging was atrocious . It 's a testament to the post office that the bottle did n't break in transit .
 My friends call this my signature scent . Love it ! I take it everywhere with me . It 's cheaper getting it on-line than at the store . I will always go this route .
 This scent is fresh and not too strong . it 'll stay on clothes for a long time . good for any occasion .
 This scent is very suble but effective . I have had several compliments on the fragrance . It is not a strong scent but very pleasant .
 This is the best perfume I have ever purchased . Every time I wear it , people comment , and I absolutely adore the scent ! It also arrived quickly and was well packaged ! Highly recommend !
 Brilliant service for a wonderful fragrance that sadly is not easily found on the shelves anymore .
 Great Item !! Love Ralph Lauren Blue for women . This is the real Eau De Toilette Spray . You ca n't beat the price .
 This is a perfect perfume.I love that very much.It wakes up my senses.It so feminine .
 I love this perfume ! I am glad so see women with bad reviews on this product maybe others wont buy and there will be plenty for me !! I love the smell and always get stopped and asked ... What are you wearing ??
 I have read a few negative feedbacks on buying Blue on line . . Maybe I should keep my mouth shut and then there would always be an abundance of this product for me to wear.I love this parfume and dont start my day without a spray . I started wearing this when it first was offered and it has remained my favorite ever since ! . and more often than not people will stop me and ask ... What is that you are wearing ? Both men and women.I love it !
 This fragrance is great for any woman who appreciates a light , yet classy scent . It 's perfect for the Summer because it is not overpowering . This is my fourth time purchasing it . The first I ever smelled `` Blue '' was on one of my cousins . She smelled great ! I knew I had to have it . It 's a shame that Ralph Lauren has discontinued it . Almost everyone I know has complimented me on wearing this fragrance .
 I purchased Blue by Ralph Lauren . I have never tested this fragrance but I am usually impressed by anything from Ralph Lauren . I like clean fragrances and I have to be careful with what I wear since my coworker is very sensitive to perfumes . AT first I was a bit disappointed because I could not smell the fragrance very much on myself , so I wondered if this fragrance would go unnoticed . I hung in there with it because I remember one time a perfume enthusiast said to me that when you have a difficult time smelling a fragrance on yourself it is a good thing because it can mean that it blends very well with your body chemistry . Well in this situation this just might be true because the first day I wore it my husband told me how beautiful I smelled and he does n't always comment . Also , once again the package came very quickly and well packaged . Great price too !
 I bought this product from three different people ; I 'm so upset that I ca n't find it at the stores anymore ; the three vendors were prompt and I will buy from them again , when the opportunity presents .
 This perfume smells sooooo goood ! I love it and have worn it for years now . Everyone compliments me all the time on how good I smell . I would n't wear anything else . Plus not only does it smell good , the name fits me as I love the color blue .
 I have been wearing ralph lauren blue ever since my ex bought it for me for Christmas three years ago . This would be my third 4.2 oz bottle of it ! I have tried finding a new scent to call my own , but I keep coming back to Blue . I use other scents when I am in the mood for a change , but this is MY smell . One of my best friends wo n't even buy it because it seems like my smell : -RRB- Its so unique , I have n't smellt any other perfume like it before.Not too flowery and not sweet . But somehow , YUMMY ! :-RRB- Which is why my ex adored it more than any other smell!Its one of those smells that makes a statement . I 've had random people ask me what I am wearing or tell me I smell amazing . -LRB- even from feet behind -RRB- . At the same time it is never overpowering nor headache giving . Even when I 'm drenched in it , its somehow never TOO much.Its almost like the smell of the ocean or something . Give it a chance . Chances are you will love it . All my friends of all ages seem to think it smells good . -LRB- oh and the bottle is SOO beautiful ! Blue glass and a silver top -RRB- Go for blue !
 I fell in love with the light flowery smell at the airport in Amsterdam in 2004 . Ihave continued to wear it ever since . It has become the only one thatI wear and my husband and everyone near me just loves it .
 There are very few perfumes that I can wear that do n't make me sneeze . Lauren Blue is my absolute favorite scent . Lauren Blue is light and fresh . When I wear it I do n't feel overpowered by the scent and I do n't have people around me complaining about how strong it is . I have been having a difficult time finding it lately so I hope that it does n't mean that they are fading it out .
 This fragrance is muskier than the original Ralph , more floral and less citrus . Yet , it remains fresh in some way . It is absolutely beautiful . It is far more tenacious than the original Ralph . Please understand , I still delight in the original , which is very crisp , youthful , and awakening , but Blue should be used for more serious purposes .
 I smelled this perfume in the store , and immediately thought of one of my friends who was looking for a new scent . A gamble on my part , but I loved it so much , I was almost sure that she would too . I was right-she absolutely LOVED it . Now , she wo n't wear anything else ! It really is spectacular .
 Recently hospitalized , a morning shift RN came to my bedside wearing Ralph Lauren ` sBlue . I found it just delightful ... nice to wake up to . As soon as I got home I ordered it for myself & wear it often . It 's a LOVELY summer fragrance ... fresh & light . Bottle 's beautiful too . :-RRB- :-RRB- : -RRB-
 This was just what I wanted , and it was shipped to me quickly . I had been unable to find this scent in local stores , and it 's a favorite . The price was very reasonable too . I will definitely be back for more .
 I purchased this item for my mother to give as a mothers day gift and she loved it . the price was so much better than the department stores . I was very happy with the price , free shipping and how quickly it arrived .
 Ralph Lauren Blue by Ralph Lauren for Women 2.5 oz Eau de Toilette SprayI bought this fragrance for my daughter for Christmas , it was a late order but somehow the seller managed to get it to her for Christmas and beautifully wrapped according to her . She loved the bottle and the scent , it was what she wanted and she was so happy to get it.I appreciated the wrapping and the speedy service , it made her day . I have since smelled it and it really is a lovely scent , I can see why she wanted it , the bottle is nice and heavy too . A good choice on her part .
 I bought Ralph Lauren Blue perfume and it smell so nice . It has a clean fresh smell to it I really love it .
 Great price and shipped and received promptly . Was very happy ! Would do business with them again .
 This seller ships quickly . The cologne was a good price and cosmetic counter quality/condition . Will shop again .
 Arrived super fast ! Good product . A bit hard to use though because of the size of the odd shaped bottle .
 This is my favorite perfume and I have found that it is no longer being carried in department stores in Denver . I was thrilled to find in online .
 I had a hard time finding this Perfume but located it and am very pleased with the transaction .
 My husband got me this for Christmas and I like it a lot . I have received a lot of compliments and it is not overpowering .
 Annemarie Borlind products are really the best . I have used them for 20 years . The Ceramide Vital Fluid is amazing on your skin . Feels so good to your face . And does help prevent lines - so much moisture .
 This stuff is awesome for mature skin that has an oily/acne prone heritage.It 's true I do n't break out like my long past adolescent self but I still have the type of skin that gets clogged pores easily.Ceramide Vital is lightweight , has a very subtle rose fragrance that dissipates after a few minutes , and a bit of a lifting quality -- great for saggy skin . And it 's natural based ingredients means it does n't sting my eyes and it 's safe . I slather it on my face , eye area , neck and shoulders and it lasts all day unless the weather is particularly dry -LRB- like in winter with all the indoor heating -RRB- . The purists out there will disagree -- Ceramide Vital is definitely not the most natural but unlike a lot of the organic moisturizers it 's effective . No , it 's not perfect , just the best I 've found.Much better than their other products which sometimes have that old fashioned perfume-y smell or are better for super dry skin .
 This cream is quite good . I am not quite certain that there is a cream that cures all lines around the eyes , but this one is pretty good .
 I use this in the morning and night and have been very happy with it . I use it paired with another eyecream and apply this one first . It has a cooling sensation and a little goes a long way . Do n't be scared by the blue color because that does not show up on your skin . I feel like this helps my other cream absorb better and helps to reduce my under eye puffiness . I will buy again !
 I only wear it at night because of the thickness and the color . I just slather this on and in the morning the blue seems to be gone , I do n't think I rub it off in the night but perhaps it sinks in . Anyways , I am happy with it .
 I have been using this eye cream now for at least 5 years and I highly recommend it . It really helps reduce the bags under my eyes . I mainly use it in the mornings under my makeup . I am just sure to use a bit of powder under my eye after putting it on along with corrector so my eye makeup stays on .
 This is one of the best products I have used for dark circles . It helps the bags and the wrinkles but really good for the dark circles . I was concerned about the blue but it doesnt show blue on my skin .
 I ordered this product on February 25 and as of now , I like how the cream feels on my skin .
 I searched for this fragrance like a lost beloved canine friend . THANK you ! More more more ! I am stopped frequently and asked `` what IS that ; you smell delicious '' . Descriptions have been warm donuts and fresh flowers , on the beach or an island , and once `` I could just bite you '' . B&F - where are you ? I dont want to ever wear another fragrance !
 amazing i would / will repurchase this amazing item . i suggest more peeople purchase this item you will love it
 I like my wines without the brassy pink tint . This is one of those . Blends well with the usual colors but looks good with muted pumpkin . The usual long lasting quality from OPI .
 Always love OPI quality and shine ... and this color is fabulous . It looks good with any color I wear and whether I have a tan or not . Of course the color is discontinued so I bought two bottles .
 Same as product sold at department stores . The one amazon sells is a counterfit . Compared this to the one i bought at nordstrom and it is the same . the one i got from amazon was a total knockoff .
 This is a GREAT toner . My skin is sensitive and combination so finding products is tough . Most toners are too strong and sting but this is very gentle and keeps the redness under control.I am also seeing improvements with my skin tone evening out so I am very happy with this .
 I smelled this cologne first time when I was talking with someone . I am a big cologne guy . This has a very rare smell ... very decent one.I went to few stores outside to buy this one . But did not find anywhere . Came to amazon and immediately bought it.Wearing this for more than 5 months regularly . Never get tired . Great cologne.Try this for a change . You wo n't be disappointed.Not for very young guys ... but more for professional guys -LRB- formal type -RRB- .
 I am pleased that I can source this fragrance via Amazon . I have used it for years and always receive compliments and queries from friends and strangers alike ... ; - -RRB-
 This is the very best scent I 've ever smelled ! Like heaven to me !
 the handle was a little stickier than i had hoped , but i think the using it often will help . other than that , it works great !
 Checked as many web-sites as I could and this was the highest rated , and one of the few 1/2 '' models I could find . Good Price and quality curling iron .
 When I married my lovely Wife I had no idea just how many brothers , sisters and cousins she had . When I realized the task before me of getting gifts for my many in-laws I had to learn to be very creative in my gift giving and not going broke or leaving someone out . We all know that Ralph Lauren products are pretty good products and for the person who has many males to buy for or for that matter younger guys this is the way to go . I found the Mini set to be a very reasonable price and it is shipped to you very fast . I divided the set and gave each Mini as an individual gift I can safely say that Sister in laws , Mother in law , and other female in laws were happy and most happy was my Wife . I bought a few of the Mini sets because the price is very good they arrived very fast they were easy to pack and the many females in my life were happy and that is rather important if you are a guy .
 This is the only scent I wear , and I get compliments on it all the time . Some men have stopped by to specifically say how much they like it . It is floral and should be applied with a light touch , because the scent carries well . It also lasts well , for 4 - 6 hours .
 After wearing this in high school , my mom became just as addicted to Jessica Mcclintock as I was . I still switch it up , but this is her tried and true . I love you , Amazon !
 I have worn this perfume for years . After moving to a new state , I ran out and could never find it in any store where I was living . Surfing the web on day , I came across it and new I had to buy it . I love the aroma . I could not pass up the price .
 This is one of my favorite perfume 's ! It is a romantic , and light , floral , scent ! It feels like a clean and cool & refreshing , bright day of spring ! I highly recommend this fragrance!This perfume lasts all day , and you do not have to use much ! I very lightly apply Jessica McClintock perfume behind my ears , and at my wrists , and at the base of my throat , and below my ankle bone on each foot , and behind my knees . And I also , apply it lightly behind my neck.I have learned that fragrance last longer , when you do it in layers
 Great service and delivered as promised . Still an excellent perfume after all these years !
 JESSICA MCCLINTOCK by Jessica McClintock for Women Eau de Parfum -LRB- EDP -RRB- SPRAY 1.7 OZ -LRB- 50 ML -RRB- First time fragrance shopper
 Nice floral fragrance of Lily of The Valley . I bought this for my wife and really notice when she wears it . product arrived quickly and in brand new condition .
 I purchased Jessica Mcclintock 's Eau De Parfume for Women for a friend 's birthday . She loves thisfragrance and I have purchased it for her several times . I am very pleased with this product - the delivery time was perfect - my purchase experience was A + + + + + . Thanks Celia
 I have used this perfume for years . I love it and it was exactly as described . Fast service also!Happy .
 There was this one girl at work who always smelled so good and I eventually got up the courage to go up and ask her what perfume she had on . As soon as she told me , I bought it and I 've been buying it ever since and that was over 10 years ago.I can not say how much I love this perfume . It smells better than any other perfume I 've ever smelled . It does not smell like alcohol like so many others do .
 I wanted something fresh with a Spring floral twist!I enjoyed the reviews I read for this product , so I gave it a go!I 'm not particularly impressed with the scent . There 's something extra in the fragrance that I do n't care for -- it sort of smells like soda or something . . LOLI 'll just roll with it for now , but I ca n't see how someone would come up to me wanting to know who I 'm wearing ... onward then !
 It was great to find this so much less than it is sold in the stores ! I always get compliments when I wear this : -RRB-
 this is the best smelling perfume for women , i love it , this is all i wear year around and get so many compliments on it , the price is great and the shipping was excellent .
 I was married in a Jessica Mcclintock dress but do n't let that prejudice get in the way of this review . I 've used this perfume for almost 20 years and still love it.It is one of my favorite daily fragrances . It is light , flowery but not too sweet , not too heavy and perfect for daytime . I get compliments on it constantly even though I ca n't smell it on myself . I love the initial scent and feel like I 'm starting the day with a pleasant introduction to others instead of an onslaught of overpowering fragrance.I would recommend this as a daily use , casual scent .
 This light , summery scent has always made me swoon . Once upon a time , they made a body powder and large puff and it was a delightful layering of scent . I might try to make a powder using the perfume , I 'll let you know how it turns out .
 I have purchased this item as a gift numerous times and in each and every case it hasbeen tremendously received . It is just such an awesome fragrance , not overbearing orsweet . It goes for almost twice the price at your high end retailers , amazon dot comhas given me the chance to gift it more often and make the world a more fragrant place .
 I have been wearing Jessica for 18 yrs and I do n't think I have gone a day in all that time without a compliment about how `` great '' I smell . People have actually walked up to me in restaurants , grocery stores , elevators , parking decks , etc to ask what I was wearing . Makes me feel absolutely lovely !
 I have worn this parfume ever since she came out with it . It is still my favorite !
 As a gift I received this perfume from a friend and I was a little skeptical because Jessica McClintock always reminded me of bad prom dresses , but I love it so much I quickly finished the first bottle and I ordered another one . I usually wear more aggressive scents like Evny , Chance or Marc Jacobs and this is so much softer , I call it my `` interview perfume . '' It really is a great gift for someone 's taste you are n't that familiar with because it is so soft and just makes you smell clean .
 Cool and citrus comes to mind when I smell this perfume . There is a slight floral smell , too . It has good staying power throughout the day -LRB- and I apply it only sparingly -- just one light spray -RRB- . I would describe it as a light scent rather than a heavy , warm scent . It is very appropriate for summer , but I wear it year round ; because I like the smell . Do n't know it anyone else has this problem , but when I wear most perfumes , the fragrance you smell in the bottle becomes altered on me somehow -- usually for the worst . But this perfume smells the same on me as it does in the bottle .
 Designer Jessica McClintock is well known for her classic gowns whether the occasion is a cotillion , debutante ball , quinceanera , or a wedding . If a wedding is planned she offers gowns for everyone from the bride to the smallest flower girl.In addition , she presents hand bags , shoes , veils , headpieces , all perfect accompaniments to the chosen gown . Her hallmark is a very contemporary look with old world touches , such as brocades , laces and silk.As noted many of the occasions for which she designs are romantic ones , and the same word , romance , might also be used to describe her fragrance . With notes of white rose , white jasmine and lemon it reminds one of the refreshing , lovely scent of a bridal bouquet . It is light yet lasting .
 I absolutely love Jessica Mcclintock perfume , but dread paying the department store price . What a find this was . Delivery was prompt and I 'm thrilled with the perfume .
 Sweet lily of the valley main note with a bit of lilac . Classy but fun light scent I can wear anytime and enjoy all day . Perfect for everyday , work , and most evening events .
 This perfume is light . I have been wearing it for years and the price through here was very reasonable . The fragrance is like lily of the valley .
 I tried to cancel this item immediately after I purchased it . I noticed that it was a small bottle , I needed a large bottle , This person never , to this day responded to my email . Not a very honorable thing to do .
 Designer Jessica McClintock is well known for her classic gowns whether the occasion is a cotillion , debutante ball , quinceanera , or a wedding . If a wedding is planned she offers gowns for everyone from the bride to the smallest flower girl.In addition , she presents hand bags , shoes , veils , headpieces , all perfect accompaniments to the chosen gown . Her hallmark is a very contemporary look with old world touches , such as brocades , laces and silk.As noted many of the occasions for which she designs are romantic ones , and the same word , romance , might also be used to describe her fragrance . With notes of white rose , white jasmine and lemon it reminds one of the refreshing , lovely scent of a bridal bouquet . It is light yet lasting .
 The Jessica McClintock # 3 deserves all the plaudits given to the classic Jessica McClintock fragrance . It differs in that the notes are lilac and waterfruits , and is again a `` flowery '' scent.Designer Jessica McClintock is well known for her classic gowns whether the occasion is a cotillion , debutante ball , quinceanera , or a wedding . If a wedding is planned she offers gowns for everyone from the bride to the smallest flower girl.In addition , she presents hand bags , shoes , veils , headpieces , all perfect accompaniments to the chosen gown . Her hallmark is a very contemporary look with old world touches , such as brocades , laces and silk .
 I previously got ripped off using anothercompany , so was so happy when all worked outwith this service - Thank-you !
 this smoothens my wire like hair at an affordable , easy to use and my hair stylist noticed the change in texture of my hair since using this product
 I am growing my chemically processed hair out . I 've not had any chemical processing in 5-6months and I refuse to cut off the relaxed part of my hair so I 'm in need of a great product . I have a natural wavy hair pattern and I decided to purchase this product based on a friends review . The Ultra Rich Treatment smells wonderful and works wonders especially when used with the ultra rich shampoo . If you 're spending this much on conditioner why not buy the shampoo ! This does n't weigh your hair down and when rinsed you can comb from root to tip without a snag . . wet or dry ! When my 2-3hr hair styling/wrapping process is complete , my hair is softer and truly manageable . Kerasilk is a great product when dealing with dry , frizzy when it rains , natural & processed hair . I HIGHLY recommend Ultra Rich Care Treatment and the shampoo . I 've used Super Skinny by Paul Mitchell , Nexxus , and Organic Root and this by far tops them all !
 I love this brush , I find it is better at cover up the dark under eye area , than the more traditional smaller-sized brushes out there . So glad I bought this !
 I use all of the Andrea line products ; the serum , the wrinkle cream and the eye cream . I have used many expensive products that have not worked for me . The price is great ! The product is great ! You will not be disappointed .
 Yes , I love this product in the summer . It gets all the gunk , grime , sweat , sunscreen , lotion , cat hair , and random gnats that have landed in the above OFF me . It tingles . It even makes my butt feel clean.Get this and wash your butt . You can be tingly and happy too !
 I love the Giovanni Cleanse Body Wash products -LRB- all scents that I 've tried -RRB- because they have all the characteristics I want and had n't been able to find in a single product . You only need to use a small amount to get good lather , it 's not slimy and does n't build up on whatever textile you use to apply , it rinses clean easily , and it creates a nice lather without being too foamy or not foamy enough for my tastes . Also , and most importantly to me , the scents are very mild . I normally buy unscented products , but the scents in this line are very mild and just nice . If you want the closest to unscented , I 'd recommend the Cassifleur White Tea .
 I have ultra sensitive skin and am prone to break out . Had been searching for a liquid body wash that would leave me feeling clean with over-drying my skin nor being left with an oily feeling ... Giovanni Body Wash does neither . It 's gentle , smells great -LRB- I use the Cassiflower White Tea scent -RRB- and cleans without over stripping the skin . I highly recommend it .
 I love this body wash as much as I love knowing its good for my skin . Then sell Giovanni products at whole foods , so I 'm not surprised by its unsurpassed quality . I ordered on amazon because it was way cheaper . It has a nice smell and washes away clean , no filmy residue . So definitely a plus there , too . I would buy again .
 It 's terrific . It smells slightly grapefruity and does n't leave any film . I keep it at the gym and am then envy of my locker mates.This company discounts the shipping for multiple bottles -- so be sure to factor that into your pricing .
 Nice product line , sold in many organic stores and amazon . Price are good , and so is quality . No harsh additives found in other major brands . Tea tree is a great product . Smells good as well
 This is my favorite body wash . They stopped selling it in stores near me . And love it so much decided to order it . It came well sealed and smells great !
 This product is gentle and safe for my skin , but I like the scent of cucumber song better .
 I bought this product online because it was n't available in retail outlets any longer . The price is too high . Service was as advertised .
 I bought this as a gift for my boyfriend because apparently they do n't sale it in stores anymore . The bottle was way bigger than I expected . It smelled nice . Came very quick . Did n't come in a box tho . That was ok . Just wanted to cologne anyway . Great buy !
 This is one of my favorite winter/evening scents . I always get wonderful feedback from all women except my ex , but she is my ex , so she does n't count . Get it !
 This perfume is no longer available in our local store . We are thrilled to receive this perfume quickly , and it is the original , not a knockoff .
 This is by far my favorite Eau De Toilette . You do not have to use much to get full effect , so the cost is not as high as it seems on first glance .
 Smell can be a bit of an objective thing , so this item is hard to ` review ' . As such , I will just say that I like the smell , my wife likes the smell , and many women I have walked by compliment me on my nice smell :-RRB- . Romance is a great cologne , one you can always count on .
 I loved the fragrance . I received it in a timely manner and in good condition . I would recommend this product highly .
 We love this cologne so far ! I have romance I have used for women and this clean and sexy scent is a real keeper !
 Why the good folks at Ralph Lauren decided to get rid of their best product is beyond me . Maybe it was n't a huge seller , maybe they just want to have a Polo only fragrance line . Who knows . Get it while you can . The price has skyrocketed for the few remaining bottles . Oh well . Their bad .
 Length :
 This is my favorite cologne for men ! He seems to like it as well , but I think I like it more than he does . The 3.4 oz size seems to last him close to a year , and I buy him a new bottle when he runs out as a gift for Christmas or his birthday . I sometimes feel guilty , as I think it is more of a gift for me than for him : -RRB-
 Ralph Lauren designs unique and great smelling fragrances . Romance is no exception to that rule . Romance is very pleasant blend of floral , ginger , and woodsy notes with a powdery finish . Romance is definitely a clean fresh showered fragrance that is pleasant and easy on the nose . The projection and sillage is above average , especially early on , with decent longevity - it will last all day on clothing and about six -LRB- 6 -RRB- hours on the skin . Not too shabby . . !! Strangely enough , I have not received any compliments - the Wow Factor - wearing Romance , but I think it has potential . It may the only one of my favorite frags that I have not received compliments . You folks will have to trust me - the fragrance is pleasant and will be liked by your significant other . Sweetie gives Romance a thumbs up . . The bottle and packaging is first class - I love those clear bottles - this is nothing short of expectation from Ralph Lauren . While some people would suggest Romance is a spring or summer fragrance , I would pitch that Romance offers great flexibility/versatility that allows it be worn any time of year and for any occasion . What can I say - I am comfortable in my own skin . . !! One issue of concern is the price value . There is speculation that Romance has been discontinued , driving up the price . Currently , the Amazon rate is $ 75.00 . I ca n't recommend at that rate , but if you can pick it up for $ 50.00 , I definitely recommend adding to your collection.Final scoring for Romance is 4.5 stars out of 5 . Romance is a fantastic fragrance that gives the clean fresh showered feeling all day . If the price/value were better , I would score higher . Nonetheless , Romance still ranks in my Top 10 . You can change the world - make a contribution ...
 My wife loves to breath me in when I wear this ... need I say anything more ? This is such a tried and true scent that I 'll probably never go to anything else for very long .
 This product is discontinued in stores so its a miracle we were able to get it here . The product came in quick and in brand new packaging .
 The product is its usual goodness , I was just expecting to get it for a better price . I have been unable to locate Romance by Ralph Lauren in stores , just excited I was able to find it !!!
 I love this cologne . I had bought it for my husband when we were young teenagers dating-brings back those great memories . Smells great and sexy . It is my favorite cologne !
 I 'm glad I found it available since I found out that it is going be discontinued . I have been using mens romance for years and I 'm disappointed its going to be discontinued .
 I have worn Joop for nearly 20 years , never having found anything I like better . It is light , not overpowering , but it has brought many compliments over the years . It is also a good price here . The best is now hearing , `` Grandma , you always smell so good ! ''
 I first came across Joop when a co-worker had it on -- it was love at first sniff !! I had to ask her what scent she had on . That was over 10 years ago and I have been wearing it ever since . It has a sexy feminine scent that is long lasting and not heavy - can be worn everyday . Every time I have it on someone -LRB- both male & female -RRB- ask me what scent I have on ... even the FedEx deliveryman asked me ! It has become my signature scent . I would recommend this perfume for both day and evening wear . CapeCod washashore from NY
 I love Joop Woman ! Always have . But I can never find it where I shop for my perfume . I was told once that it was discontinued . But I can sometimes find it at certain Walgreen 's locations . From now on Amazon will be where I look first for this perfume . I love it !!
 I bought this as a gift for my mother . She likes the mild fragrance which lasts all day .
 As it is very difficult to find this product at a traditional brick-and-mortar retail store , it 's good to see that Joop can still be purchased online through Amazon . This made a very popular and unexpected Christmas gift .
 I love Joop for Women . I have been using it for many years . I always get compliments on it when wearing it . It is not too strong and I myself ca n't smell it when on me . Very light and refreshing fragnance . I am so glad that I can find it on Amazon as it is no longer sold in stores .
 I 've been looking for this in the local stores here for the longest time . My husband wears the mens version -LRB- which I LOVE -RRB- and I had seen the womens version once but when I went back to get a bottle for myself , it was gone . So I was so excited when I found it on here and to mae it even better , it was on sale ! lol I love it . Its a great smelling perume that sticks with me .
 My Grandma has always used Joop -LRB- 20 + years -RRB- . I ca n't wait for her to open this for Christmas ! This makes a perfect gift for older women .
 Great perfume at a super price ! This is hard to find.Amazon came thru again with product and speed of shipment.Good job .
 My boyfriend wears the men 's Homme Joop and I just love it so I decided to try the woman 's version . At first I was n't sure I was a fan but then I started to receive compliments on what I was wearing . It 's not quite as good as the man 's version and when you first spray it on it does have that oriental smell others commented about but once it soaks into your bodies natural oils it has a really nice scent . Nice enough for compliments .
 I have always loved this scent and it does a good , but not overpowering job . I am glad to be able to get it since it was supposedly discontinued .
 A gift for my niece , her favorite scent form back in the day . She loves it . Arrived on time neatly packaged . She loves it .
 I was thrilled to find Joop at Amazon !! It is my daughter 's favorite and it is very hard to find Women 's Joop locally . It arrived in plenty of time to give to my daughter and she was absolutely awed . Thank you for the great service and for helping me make my Daughter 's Birthday a great success . From a very gratefulCarolyn Maddox
 I bought this for my wife since I 've been using Men 's Joop for years . She loves it and so do I . You ca n't go wrong with Joop !!
 This was my favorite product to use , in cream form . It defined my curls without crunchiness and left them soft and supple .
 My daughters favorite cologne , but its not sold in any stores any more and it is hard to find , she was surprised and happy that I was able to get this for her , thanks
 Light and fresh with a hint of citrus . I always receive compliments on it and have 3 women in my family wearing it now .
 this cologne is the reason i love the summer , its soo light and citruisy that it simply lasts the entire day . but what really gets me is when it mixes with my body and the oder of the sweat simply mixes with the fragrance to give off a unique smell that is soo good i cant describe it . it is the true essence of a perfume which was created by the french to hide the dirty foul smell of body oder . i think you can even put this on without even deodorant it is that good ! if you love smells of the summer , and something subtle and really last for a long long time on you then go for this cologne . it is simply devine ...
 I used to wear a cologne no longer produced named SPACE 21st ; SPACE 21st smelled exactly like the title `` from outer space '' . It mixed with my body chemicals so well that it made me emanate extraterrestrial smells . It was an extremely good smell and received positive comments from females . I was really bitter after finding out that SPACE 21st was no longer being produced . I had a hell of a time trying to find a replacement . What I was looking for was something that smelled light but very noticeable -LRB- not strong and in your face -RRB- . ROCHAS is the one ; it 's another one of these extraterrestrial blends that is the perfect alternative to SPACE 21st . I also must mention that ROCHAS smells similar to JOOP but it distinctly is not JOOP . The ROCHAS smell matches it 's product design very well and the color maroon . If there was ever a smell that represented the color maroon , ROCHAS is it . If you 've never smelled ROCHAS and are relying on this review , trust me , you will thank me .
 I always purchased it at duty free shop during our travels to London to visit family . Have used it for years .
 Overall , a good product and a good idea . Allows concealed carry of a firearm and wallet , etc without being too conspicuous , especially in the warmer months when shorts make concealment more difficult . Different sizes accomodate varying needs.One improvement I would make is to make the item a bit more durable . I 've owened a few of these and note two repetitive problems
 Length :
 This is my favorite cologne for men ! He seems to like it as well , but I think I like it more than he does . The 3.4 oz size seems to last him close to a year , and I buy him a new bottle when he runs out as a gift for Christmas or his birthday . I sometimes feel guilty , as I think it is more of a gift for me than for him : -RRB-
 Ralph Lauren designs unique and great smelling fragrances . Romance is no exception to that rule . Romance is very pleasant blend of floral , ginger , and woodsy notes with a powdery finish . Romance is definitely a clean fresh showered fragrance that is pleasant and easy on the nose . The projection and sillage is above average , especially early on , with decent longevity - it will last all day on clothing and about six -LRB- 6 -RRB- hours on the skin . Not too shabby . . !! Strangely enough , I have not received any compliments - the Wow Factor - wearing Romance , but I think it has potential . It may the only one of my favorite frags that I have not received compliments . You folks will have to trust me - the fragrance is pleasant and will be liked by your significant other . Sweetie gives Romance a thumbs up . . The bottle and packaging is first class - I love those clear bottles - this is nothing short of expectation from Ralph Lauren . While some people would suggest Romance is a spring or summer fragrance , I would pitch that Romance offers great flexibility/versatility that allows it be worn any time of year and for any occasion . What can I say - I am comfortable in my own skin . . !! One issue of concern is the price value . There is speculation that Romance has been discontinued , driving up the price . Currently , the Amazon rate is $ 75.00 . I ca n't recommend at that rate , but if you can pick it up for $ 50.00 , I definitely recommend adding to your collection.Final scoring for Romance is 4.5 stars out of 5 . Romance is a fantastic fragrance that gives the clean fresh showered feeling all day . If the price/value were better , I would score higher . Nonetheless , Romance still ranks in my Top 10 . You can change the world - make a contribution ...
 My wife loves to breath me in when I wear this ... need I say anything more ? This is such a tried and true scent that I 'll probably never go to anything else for very long .
 This product is discontinued in stores so its a miracle we were able to get it here . The product came in quick and in brand new packaging .
 The product is its usual goodness , I was just expecting to get it for a better price . I have been unable to locate Romance by Ralph Lauren in stores , just excited I was able to find it !!!
 I love this cologne . I had bought it for my husband when we were young teenagers dating-brings back those great memories . Smells great and sexy . It is my favorite cologne !
 I 'm glad I found it available since I found out that it is going be discontinued . I have been using mens romance for years and I 'm disappointed its going to be discontinued .
 I bought this product online because it was n't available in retail outlets any longer . The price is too high . Service was as advertised .
 I bought this as a gift for my boyfriend because apparently they do n't sale it in stores anymore . The bottle was way bigger than I expected . It smelled nice . Came very quick . Did n't come in a box tho . That was ok . Just wanted to cologne anyway . Great buy !
 This is one of my favorite winter/evening scents . I always get wonderful feedback from all women except my ex , but she is my ex , so she does n't count . Get it !
 This perfume is no longer available in our local store . We are thrilled to receive this perfume quickly , and it is the original , not a knockoff .
 This is by far my favorite Eau De Toilette . You do not have to use much to get full effect , so the cost is not as high as it seems on first glance .
 Smell can be a bit of an objective thing , so this item is hard to ` review ' . As such , I will just say that I like the smell , my wife likes the smell , and many women I have walked by compliment me on my nice smell :-RRB- . Romance is a great cologne , one you can always count on .
 I loved the fragrance . I received it in a timely manner and in good condition . I would recommend this product highly .
 We love this cologne so far ! I have romance I have used for women and this clean and sexy scent is a real keeper !
 Why the good folks at Ralph Lauren decided to get rid of their best product is beyond me . Maybe it was n't a huge seller , maybe they just want to have a Polo only fragrance line . Who knows . Get it while you can . The price has skyrocketed for the few remaining bottles . Oh well . Their bad .
 I use it to help me cut my hair using the mirror of the medicine cabinet and this particular mirror to help cut the back of my hair . I bought the chrome mirror.This mirror arrived with a small crack on the mirror . Luckily I live about 15 to 18 miles away from the merchant seller and I drove over there and received a replacement.This mirror serves it 's purpose for me . I learned to cut my hair better than the girls at Super Cuts . Without this type of mirror I could n't cut the back of my hair .
 This is a lovely light floral scent . They keep making the bottles smaller but loved the price . Good travel size .
 This one is amazing for my hair . This is much batter then normal drier . After I use it , my hair is shinning . I love it .
 i bought this for my mom for christmas , she gave me a few hints and i bought her this one ! She uses it all the time , works great !
 Really like this styling product . Was using a curling iron before , but this works so much better , leaving my hair soft and shinny . Curl is soft and last as long or a little longer then the curling iron , too . Price was great , since i 've spotted this in some stores costing a lot more . It really does NOT tangle my hair which is a bit shorter then shoulder length . This is a keeper . .
 I wear my hair very short and have a lot of trouble getting it to look as good as my hairdresser does . She recommended one of these so I would have better control over using a bulky hair dryer . I do a much better job but still not as good as her .
 Love this tool . I use it every day and it is not only so easy to use , but the effect is always great . I do n't think I could live without this product .
 I love this item ... . it works wonderful . Easy to use and does a great job . Does n't tangle or destroy your hair .
 I would recommend this to anyone wanting to save time . I had one and it quit working , but I had it for about 3 years . It is a great tool !!!
 I love this hair tool and is a must have !! I 'm a hair dresser and I use this everyday . Easy to use , light weight , not damaging to your hair and soo much better and easier than using a round brush and a blow dryer to get that salon hair look ! Great to have for short to medium hairstyles espically stacked bobs . I have wavy hair hair and I do n't even have to use my flat iron as much because the hot air brush straightens , smoothes and gives your hair extra body . I love the size and could not find this size barrel in stores or . Sally 's has them but they were $ 30 and up and target and Walmart has them but not this brand and did not get hot or the results I wanted . This is the best brand and size and I love the price I paid and got it in just in a couple of days ! Totally recommend this !! Amazon Verified Purchase
 I have used the Hot Tools curling brush for several years . I love the ease of use and the wonderful results on my fine straight hair . My hair never looked better . My only problem with the product is that it does not last more than between 9 months and a year for me . They lose power and smell hot . I have tried other brands and have n't liked those as much .
 I really like this product . The 11/2 size barrel is perfect as well the heat setting being enough to get the job done . The only issue is that in the last couple of years since I have found this product and use it ... the heat element burns out quickly . I have used/gone through about 2 to 3 a year . This time I have purchased 2 so that I have back up when the first one dies . I do have fuller heavy hair and that could be why the heat element burns out more quickly .
 I just love this product ... works great for the price ... and the last one I bought lasted 9 years , I say that 's pretty good ... worth buying one if you need it ... as I did ...
 This is the best hot air brush I have ever had . there is no other like it . you will love it , recommend it highly ,
 I am not good at doing my own hair at ALL and I do n't like to spend a lot of time but I am actually able to use this tool no problem and within 5 minutes I have a salon look . It works wonders ! I tend to get frizzy out of control hair after washing . I use this when my hair is dry and it smooths and adds a nice finished look to the ends . So my comments are that it 's very easy to use and it works beautifully . I feel I get great results and it did not cost me a fortune .
 My hairdresser , Colin Booker , used this hair dryer on me and I fell in love with it . It 's my second one , since first one got blown out in European hotel . Not the fault of the hairdryer , rather a faulty adapter . But just the fact that I actually packed it shows I ca n't do without it . It adds body and wave to my stick straight hair . Highly recommend it .
 So I came across this product when I was looking for a new curling iron . I read the reviews and thought I would give it a try . I have to say I thought it was just a brush that heats at the core but it 's a mini blow dryer that heats up the brush . Now it does get very hot so you must be careful but I loved the results . I have full long hair so I like to do different styles . I try not to use a hot iron too often but I feel like something like this I can use everyday . It is not as loud as a blow dryer but it 's not something you wan na use with someone sleeping in the room . This tool has 2 settings -LRB- high and low -RRB- and will work on any hair . I 'm very happy I purchased this hot air brush .
 I love this item - it 's my second one . The first one lasted me OVER 15 years . I love the way it straightens and curls . Recommend
 great styling tool . Heats up rapidly and styles hair with little problems . I will order another so I will always have one on hand .
 I am buying the second one of these to keep in my suitcase . I have purchased several different brands in the past and never used them . This actually has the power to dry your hair . I have almost shoulder length hair and am using it for a smooth look . I have never been able to use a flat iron . The 11/2 inch is giving me smooth hair with the ends turned under . Also for the first time I can flip my ends up the way the hairdresser does if I choose . I am very pleased with this product .
 I found the hot tools professional hot air brush to be exactly what I have been looking for . The power is superb and the bristles are soft yet functional.I would recommend this brush to anyone who wants to use this as a source of both drying and styling their hair .
 This Hot Air brush is one of the first that I have bought that had enough heat to help with styling . It does not blow your hair all over like some of the higher wattage styling brushes . The one bad thing is the tip is so short that you do n't have much to work with and can easily burn your fingers once the brush is heated up . Would be eaiser to work with if the tip end was longer .
 I use this product daily , and it does a very good job of drying and styling my hair . It is a much easier product to use than curling irons or the In-Styler , simply because you are accomplishing two steps at the same time . I have very baby-fine hair , and a lot of it . It is very difficult to put any kind of body into my hair even when using special products . This hot air brush does an amazing job of creating body . There are two heat settings . I use the lower setting because it is enough to do the job , but those of you with coarser hair may need the higher setting . Recommended !
 Overall I like the product , but find it ackward having the heat controls , on/off switch and curl release button so close together . It is too easy to hit the wrong one during styling . High heat is very hot . Low heat is efficient . Seller was good .
 This airbrush will work wonders on your hair . The performance is that of professionals , as is the quality of the brush itself . It is capable of very high temperatures , but has a cool end-tip to prevent burns . Very satisfied !
 This was priced right and works just as expected . I have straight fine , thin hair , so this gives my hair lasting volume very quickly and easily . I love it !!
 This is my second hot tool , the first one lost it 's heat after just under a year , but I found out later , after ordering another one , that if I had cleaned the filter , it probably would have been restored . Anyway , I have very unruly curly hair , and with this hot tool 11/2 '' brush , I can actually have a smooth straight hairdo that lasts between washings . LOVE IT . jb
 I have extremely curly , frizzy hair and need the extra heat against the metal barrell to straighten and smooth my hair . This tool is great . The only problem is that I wish the plastic tip covered a larger area because I sometimes burn the tips of my fingers when I am holding that end and turning the brush with the other hand .
 This is one of the best hot air styling tools I have ever owned . Dries hair quickly and is very easy to handle .
 I purchased one of these before and it actually lasted about 5 years . This being the second one , I knew I was getting a great product and after receipt , new that it is living up to the expectations !
 This curling brush works great for my hair but I tend to wear one out every year or so . It was difficult/impossible to find a replacement in retail stores . Thanks for solving this problem for me .
 Soul is definitely not a shy fragrance . It 's floral , but not in the typical sense . It 's more woodsy in nature , along with more exotic flowers like freesia and water lily . Like the previous poster said , bamboo is also a main component , so it 's certainly not your typical fragrance . It 's a warm , sexier type scent , and the bottle is pretty cool , too .
 This , to me , is the most wonderful scent in the world and I am not being extreme ! It is so clean and such a beautiful smell . It has natural phermones in it and I get complimented on it EVERY SINGLE DAY ! It 's also a plus with the husband because he loves me wearing it just as much as I enjoy it ! It is by far a great product !
 This scent is soo beautiful , light floral and sweet !! I am so happy with my purchase . It smells like a very expensive bottle of perfect and for the price you ca n't beat this ! Reminds me of spring and summer by the blooming sweet garden fields with a nice hint of sweetness and light aroma . Warms the soul + + + + + +
 I am very pleased with this purchase . It has a very fresh smell to it . In this case , what you see is what you get . It 's a good purchase .
 i just recieved this perfume . for this price its pretty decent , nice clean smell , also it came with a violet lovely mirror < 3 im very pleased
 lovely and sweety smelling . I think this can be worned everyday.Not regret buying it since the price it not expensive .
 I received what I 've ordered and it came faster than I had expected it to.I am very happy with it .
 It is hard to find a perfume that stands out from the crowd . Lately everything has just smelled the same . Soul by Curve is the perfect answer those scent doldrums.The first thing I thought when I applied the perfume was that I needed to go Salsa dancing ... immediately . It has an earthy , sensual smell that does n't wear away as soon as you step out the door . Friends wanted to know exactly what perfume I was wearing and why had n't I told them about it sooner .
 Soul is such a great perfume ! The scent is very unique . I 've never smelled anything like it . You can wear it to a special occasion , and to work at the same time . People are always complimenting me on it . And the scent stays for a long time . I was a work and someone noticed 6 hours into the shift ! I highly recommend it !
 Having recently started wearing SOUL by Curve , I have noticed a trend
 I tried this perfume last week and so far I like it . It is not to fruity and has a slightly musky undertone , but not too strong making it a good , clean scent for every day wear . I like this one because the smell is not too over powering like some others that almost make me feel like my head is starting to hurt when I smell them . This one has a fresher feel .
 I am normally really picky with perfumes ... sometimes I will buy one and I 'll like it for a little while and then get tired of it or feel that as the seasons change the scent is no longer appropriate ... but this one so far has remained nice . My husband really likes it too , so that is always a bonus :-RRB- I also really liked it 's bottle ... very feminine and yet simple too . I 'm thinking of getting the shower gel as well . Definitely a quality scent .
 I just started using Soul and I have had at least 3 compliments . You know it must be good if people are commenting on it , right ? It 's not to strong , and has a very nice clean scent . It comes in a really cool bottle . Soul smells nice in it 's bottle and even better on my skin .
 I just recieved this perfume last week . I have been wearing this perfume everyday and i already recieved 2 complements . I like this perfume because it is something that you can wear everday unlike some that you can only wear at night . It 's not to strong and it has a light fresh scent .
 I just got the perfume as a gift , and I 'm glad because sometimes is so many perfumes out there that I do n't know where to start . SOUL has this very fresh scent but at the same time is soft and sexy , not just frutty clean . I feel that I can wear it everyday , to work and to go out.I love the bottle , and when I smelled it out of it I was not too convince , but when I smelled it on my skin is when I just loved it !
 My wife has given birth two beautifull girls and because she used this products in both pregnancies she does n't have any stretchs at all , 100 % recommended .
 I have a 5 lb . poodle who has tiny feet which grow hair between the footpads . When the hair grows long enough to annoy her , she chews her feet . Using regular-size clippers was a trial for both of us . However , these little clippers do a beautiful job of keeping those little feet clean of hair . They are comfortable to hold , small to store , and she does n't mind getting her feet trimmed anymore . I could n't be more pleased with the Peanut Clipper !
 great product . solid . ive had a few over the years an as a professional i useit A LOT , and stand behind it !
 I have been using the Wahl Peanut Clipper for the past years to cut my husband 's hair . I have small hand s and he does not have a lot of hair , so for me to `` buzz '' him down each week this is a great piece of equipment.I use to older one that I replaced to trim my five dogs when they need a quick fix , before the groomer is due to arrive , since it is small and not as noisy as the bigger models they do n't get afraid when they see me coming.I love the peanut and would highly recommend it !
 Originally , My dad had one of these and I would always steal it . Finally , he drove me to Sally 's Beauty Supplies and I paid $ 50 for my own . Let me tell you , it was one of the best investments I have ever made . He got his years before I did and his still works like new . Previously , I had bought a few different trimmers at marshalls and wal mart , the Peanut dwarfs the competition . The blades have not noticeably dulled and the power is still the same . I have even shaved my entire head with 3-4 inches of hair with this thing . It is truly a bite-sized beast.It comes with lubricating oil , a cleaning brush , and 4 different sized brush guards for different precision styling . I only use this for my face and for trimming my chest . The blade by itself will almost shave your face and you will barely have any noticeable hairs showing . So , if you needed a quick shave but didnt have the time , these are absolutely perfect . Also , these clippers do not require countless passes over the same area , they cut EXTREMELY well . They are also very easy to meanuever and are able to make those precise cuts in tough to reach spots that larger sized clippers can not . And yeah , it will heat up , but only under very , very heavy use . If it is really an issue -LRB- its not for me -RRB- , then simply give the blade a quick dip in water , dry it , and your good to go.When you purchase this Peanut , you will never even think about another pair of grooming clippers . Personally , I will have one of these for my entire life , they are simpy the best . I highly recommend paying the extra money for this great product . Do not be fooled by the size or the name , it is a lawnmower of a trimmer .
 I bought this for my daughter who 's a hair stylist and she says it 's the best . So who am I to argue since I know squat about cutting hair .
 I have had this cutter before , I bought it for my son and he loves it , so I decided to buy an extra one for my dog , they are great not hard to hold at all and very sharp
 I have a Silky Terrier so this was Greatat clipping her.Does a Really Good Job.Not big and bulky .
 These clippers are so small & easy to use . I have shih tzu 's so they are just the right size for them . Do a really good job .
 Bought this one as a gift for soneone who liked it as we have one of our own and use it often .
 I 'm a barber and needed a new trimmer , I have n't used it at work yet , but I used it on my husband and so far I love it ! It 's super sharp !
 Clippers came exactly as pictured . Have had them before , so am familiar with them .
 I got this to shave my head . It was a little smaller than I had anticipated but has lasted 2 years so far before the battery life has faded so it requires a charge after each use.I am very happy with is . It 's easy to use and light weight and best of all cordless so no wires getting in the way .
 Oh how I wish this perfume was still mass produced . I ca n't find a proper replacement for this , so I 've been lucky enough to find a bottle here and there with online sellers .
 I purchased this product for my 15 year old daughter ... she has extremely thick and coarse hair . We have purchased items in the past that promised to make thick hair more manageable but none ever lived up to the promise . Well she pursuaded me to buy the Hairart 3000 ... I was shocked at the results ... her hair looks absolutely beautiful ... I would recommend this product 1000 % for anyone with difficult to manage hair ... Well worth the money !!!
 I never thought a flat iron for this price could rival the more expensive irons . I bought a Chi and brought it back to the store because it just was n't worth the price . This iron is on a whole ` nother level !!! Your hair will be like butter ! It makes styling so effortless ! You get that salon look without the salon ! LOVE IT !!!!!
 This is my second Hairart Ceramic Straightening Iron . Absolutely love it . I do recommend using an iron/heat spray on your hair first ... this iron , like any others can dry your hair badly !! Highly recommend this updated iron and was very pleased how quickly Discount Jungle delivered . Thanks !!
 omg . . thats IS the best flat iron EVER . . i just bought mine from amazon.com.the best thing about this iron is that is has an negative ionic system which can make ur hair less frezzy . . AND YES IT WILL STAND IVER THE HUMIDITY . . my hair is not easy to brush . . its tuff . . and when i use my old flat iron it took me 2 hours to finish BUT with the hairart it took me only 3o min . . WITH BETTER RESULT . . RECOMMENDED
 This iron is simply amazing !! I had been using my old iron forever and had never been pleased with the results but just thought it was my hair . I decided that I would switch up my hair products and with that came the decision to buy a new iron . I have literally owned this iron for maybe a week and have used it recently to straighten my hair after using my new Aphogee products and my hairs looks Phenomenal !!!! I have never been so pleased with my hair after I wash it at home than I am now !!! This iron has to be made from fairy dust and magic !!! I LOVE THIS IRON !!! BEST 50 DOLLARS EVER SPENT !!!!
 This is thee best flat iron ! I 've had mine for over 6 years and it still gets just as hot as the day I bought it . My sister has gone through 2 different flat irons since I 've had mine , and whenever she is over she asks to use mine . I highly reccomend this flat iron !!
 I previously bought a HairArt H3000 Deluxe but it was n't the professional model . After a year one of the plates fell down -LRB- I later learned that I could glue it back -RRB- . The professional iron that I just purchased works great . Being an African American woman , my hair texture is naturally coarse and curly . With this new iron , it takes me half the time to straighten my hair out . It leaves my hair soft and very manageable -LRB- as though I had a relaxer -RRB- . I love it . I do recommend that you use a heat protector on your hair as well as good judgments on your heat setting .
 I am also a licensed cosmetologist and this flat iron is pure gold . It works on fine hair , course hair and in between . I have used it consistently on my clients and myself for SEVEN years now and it is still going strong ! I am EXTREMELY happy . I am ordering a second one to be kept at my house . I love this flat iron !
 I used to have this type of hair iron back in 2003 and not only did it last me 4 years but it did an awesome job !! This time I ordered it , I do n't think it does the job as good as before but it is definitely better than all the other ceramic hair irons I have tried .
 straightens hair fast.perfect for people that have thick unmanageable hair.however , make sure to put hair serum before or after straightening.otherwise hair will become instanly `` frizzy '' . the only downfall to this is that it does not hold up against humidity.so hair serum is recommended , perferable scruples smoothing out gel or garnier products.great investment for those looking for a luxury straightener for an affordable price.great for those wanting to find a bargain.good for any gift.will buy again.ordered from discount jungle without any hassle .
 i orederd this flatiorn becasue my God mother uses it in her shop to straighten my hair !!! when i say the bomb.com im not playing lol . this flat iron is the best and the price you cant beat ! i have very thick hair and when i say from root to tip i mean root to top straigt ! the best out there im african american and this flat iron will rock your hair with that salon finish at home !! lovee it
 I am A professional hair stylist and this is my third one ! First one lasted 10years plus ! Everyone in the salon purchased one after trying mines out ! So I have one for my salon and other one my personal use !
 these things both went out after a year time frame . The company repaired them but we had to pay shipping . They went out again in about 8 months . My wife loves her Conair better than this and it lasted longer
 Keep it up and would refer to anybody who asks me for online shopping . I hope these standards would be maintained .
 So my daughter has a complex about her hair and to appease her I ordered this flatiron after seeing it used in a YouTube video . 1 , the shipping was amazingly fast . I thought I would get it a week lasted than I did . 2 , my hair has never looked this good straight ! I 've never used the Chi so I do n't know how it compares but I will definitely buy this flatiron as long as they make it . Ca n't beat the price either but I would pay $ 200 for this flatiron if it makes my hair look the way it does !
 I have been using this flat iron for months now ... and it works wonder on my hair ... I Aam African American woman with shoulder length hair thick and coarse ... it heats up fast ... smooth out my hair so well ... my hair does really frizz ... I ould like to say do not use a lot of oil or alot of heat protectant spray for this ... it does toke much just use a little and you r good to go ... i think by using to much ... u would not get the best result ... be careful how hot you get your hair ... it get gets really hot ... I did burn my finger tips before while flat ironing my hair . . not paying to much attention what I was doing at the time ... But this is a really great flat iron i can say ... Even when I was 9months post-relaxed ... It striaghten my hair ...
 Hairart Ceramic 13/8 Inch Professional Straightening Flat Iron straightens any type of hair . I have curly , thick , course hair and it flattens in almost 2 strokes . I would recommend the Hairart Ceramic 13/8 Inch Professional Straightening Flat Iron to anyone . I have bought 4 already for my friends and family . The temperature setting is a good feature that comes with this flat iron .
 I 've been using Hairart Straightners since 2004 and it 's getting harder to choose between so many different styles they have now ; so this time I chose the 3/8 inch and it works pretty good not as I wished but I think I 'll try a new style with time , Maybe the more you pay the better it works ? So far this straightner will do the work but my hair still get 's a little freezy through out the day and I really wished the slick style could last all day !
 Saw another review on YouTube and decided that I would give it a try . Iron has a touch and feel that is professional . Very easy to clean . Like the ability to store immediately . Gets hot within 15 seconds . Hair looks and feel professional .
 Had a CHI for years . I purchased this item after it was recommended by my hairstylist and I 'm happy with my purchase .
 This flat iron is great . I am a professional hairstylist who deals mainly with relaxed and natural hair . This iron leaves the hair shinier , and works well with the products I use to moisturize the hair . I think this iron is up there with the high end irons such as the CHI . The tourmaline/ceramic mix is definetly great !
 I love these flat irons they are my new bestfriend :-RRB- not only did they arrive in 2 days they did wonders to my hair . I have really thick , relaxed hair but I have n't had a perm in 3 months and it still gave my hair that good relaxed look : -RRB-
 I love the HairArt flat iron , but I really wish it had an auto shut off . I like that you can set the temperature and that the cord is long .
 So , being as lazy as I am , flat ironing my hair used to be just an annoying chore . My old flat iron either burned my hair because it was too hot , or just made it frizzy by not being hot enough . Since I have Ethnic hair , going without flattening it for too long will make me look like someone rubbed a balloon across my scalp . So I had to deal with burning my hair for months before I found this flat iron.Ladies and gents . This will be the ONLY flat iron you will ever need in your life . I wish I were exaggerating , but I would buy this for everyone in the world if I could.PROS :1 . It literally glides across your hair . You do n't need to grip the iron tightly or tug .2 . It gets VERY hot , but I doubt anyone would ever need for it to be on max . My hair is practically an afro after a shampoo , and the iron flattens my hair to near silk at usually only 350 degrees .3 . It works on any hair type ! I have relaxed and colored Ethnic hair . My mom has a mix of Ethnic and Native American hair . I 've used this iron on her hair , as well as my friends who vary from Caucasian hair to natural Ethnic hair . Just change the heat settings accordingly , it it works like a charm .4 . The price is a bargain . I 've gone through 4 or 5 irons in the past 3 years . Considering I paid between $ 15 - $ 30 for each , I wasted so much money . Ladies and gents , I know times are tough and money can be hard to come by , but if you 're in the need for a new iron , do n't settle for a cheapo one from the local drug store . Save up a bit of extra cash and invest in a high quality iron that will last you ! 5 . It replaces a regular curling iron and is very versatile . My hair never took to curls well . They would last maybe a few hours then get really limp . This iron alone can give you a numerous amounts of salon-quality hairstyles with a bit of practice . It curls VERY well , and the curls lasted me for a week before I shampooed my hair again . They did fall limp after the third day , but with some hair spray , I 'm sure they would last much longer . Also is really good for feathering your hair . My mom wraps her hair into a `` beehive '' style before bed , so she curls her hair with this iron and it helps with wrapping her hair before bed -LRB- if any of you wrap your hair at night , this is a plus ! -RRB- .6 . The size of the iron is very ideal . I have very tiny hands -LRB- I actually have to wear children sized jewelry -RRB- . In the picture , the iron looks really long and bulky , but the iron is made out of some kind of material that wo n't make the iron slip from your hands easily . And even though it 's one of the smaller sizes of the H3000 series , it should n't take very long to iron unless you have absurdly long hair ~ I would personally love to own a larger size iron , but this one is perfect.CONS :1 . I 'm not sure if my auto-turn off feature works . I left my iron on the bathroom counter when I had to go take care of a small emergency with my dog . When I came back almost 30min later , it was still ON . Nothing on the counter was burned since I had a pad underneath it , but it may be something worth looking at -LRB- I may just be the only one with this problem -RRB- .2 . The smell of the iron was ... odd . It 's not really a huge issue , it 's just that when I unpacked the iron , it had a very strange `` old '' smell to it . Like it had been sitting in a musty , moldy garage for some time . I just wiped off the iron and the smell gradually went away , but it was just weird at first.Anywho ~ That 's all I have to say about this iron ! I highly recommend this to anyone in dire need of a new one . Also , there are several women on YouTube who make regular hair tutorials using the HairArt H3000 . That 's actually how I found this one . Give them a look ! You have to see it to believe it ~
 This is the best flat iron that has been invented to date as far as Im concerned . Of course I use a heat protectant . Ive used my share of hair straightners and The Hair Art is the best hands down . There is something special about this flat iron that makes it so much easier to straighten AND curl my hairand the fact that the curl in my hair stays all day makes my life that much easier ! It has a swivel cord that does not get tangled and it also has a controlled heat seating in the middle . TRUST ME WHEN I SAY . . YOU WILL NOT BE DISAPPOINTED WITH THIS PURCHASE . I doubt if I ever buy another brand besides Hair Art .
 I so love this Iron it was great not only its great its AFFORDABLE . Make you hair Bouncy , Silky , and Healthy looking , Feel so soft when you put your fingers through it , Gets even more shiner when you put hair serum on it , you do n't even have to put nothing on your hair just wash and blow-dry it , Here 's how you can treat your hair , wash it then you get some good conditioner put a shower cap on then sit under a dryer for 15 min if u do n't have a hair dryer u can sit under , buy a soft bonnet attachment , attach it to your blow dryer , buy it at -LRB- Sally 's Beauty Supply -RRB- or wherever for $ 10 its called the -LRB- Soft Bonnet Attachment -RRB- After that rinse out blow-dry it , now u can flatiron it .
 I bought this iron in 2007 . It just stopped working . This has been the best iron that I have ever used . My cousin owns a salon and they do Afro American hair there . This is the iron that she suggested for me , esp because I have never had a perm . Loved , loved , loved it . I just wish it worked a little longer , however , four years is good .
 I was skeptical of this product and similar ones in that I did n't think it would work on ALL types of hair.A co worker brought hers in and let me try it and I was blown away at how straight it made my hair without burning or break my hair .
 Best hair iron I 've ever used . Have recommended it to 3 other people . Gets hot fast . Can store iron hot in bag for travel .
 this is such a great flat iron and i am transitioning from relax to natural and it works magic to my hair .
 Heats up almost instantly ! I love it . I just hope it lasts since flat irons do n't seem to have a long life .
 after trying and failing with hot tools and chi , im happy to finally have a straightener that gets the job done !
 I have owned a Chi , Fhi , and Hairart ; in that order . I also loved them in that order esp considering the price . I paid $ 200 for my Chi flatiron from salon originally , it lasted 2 years before conking out . My Fhi -LRB- also purchased at a salon , but my stylist gave it to me at cost -RRB- died from wrapping the cord on one to many trips . Both of the aforementioned irons worked great , but nothing compared to my Hairart -LRB- which I also purchased at a salon per the recommendation of my stylist -RRB- . The Hairart just glides through my frizzy locks . I have combination type hair . I am of mult-ethnic background . Yes , my Hairart also departed after 4 yrs because I dropped it one too many times and one of the plates came loose.I admit I tried a $ 40 Fahrenheit flatiron from TJMaxx , which snagged instead of glid . I also went back to salon and purchased a FHI for $ 175 , but returned it after finding my Hairart on Amazon for $ 60 ! I just ca n't justify the expense for an equivocal item.So happy with my purchase !!!!!!!!!!
 This is the BEST flat iron ever ! I have thick wavy/curly hair and in the past i would have to flat iron my hair daily to keep it straight because after one day it would start to wave/curl on me . Not with this flat iron . It is amazing , I get compliments everyday . It keeps my hair straighter longer and keeps the fly aways to a minimum . Plus it does n't take a long time at all . With my old flat iron it would take me almost 40 minutes to go over all my hair , it was not a task i looked forward to . But with hairart it is quick . effortless and does an amazing job . If you are thinking of buying a new flat iron look no further buy this one you will not regret it .
 I bought this exact same straightener at Donatos for 160 ! This is an awesome price . It straightens hair so well - very hot .
 I really like this flat iron . I 've previously used $ 115 flat irons , and this Hairart does the same job if not better . You will find the best price here at Amazon . I told my hairstylist about the price and even she was interested in purchasing to resell in her salon . I actually got another one for my sister since when she tried mine she loved it . I love the fact that the heat setting goes up very high-you do n't find that in a lot of irons . Just make sure to flat iron in small divided sections . If you do this you will achieve silky straight hair .
 I love this flat iron !!! It is the only one that my daughter and I will buy . This is my second time purchasing the same flat iron for my daughter and my self . It gets really hot and really quick . Better than the Chi !!
 This flat iron works great . It heats up to the full 450 degrees very quickly . The one problem I have and the reason I did not give it 5 stars is that flat iron is a little heavy and bulky . Other than that , it works great and leaves my hair straight and shiny .
 All of Madina Milano products are FABULOUS . I was introduced to this makeup in Israel 2 weeks ago and was thrilled to find it online here ... it is literally the best makeup I ever used and I have used everything from Armani to MAC to Dior to Lancome to L'oreal . The price point is similar to MAC and I really ca n't tell all of you how fabulous this is ...
 Product arrived promptly and in good condition . Was a little disappointed that it was not possible for me to add a message to this product as most other items allow you to do - it was a birthday gift for a friend and it would have been nice to let her know who had sent it without her having to study the packing slip !
 I saw these featured in a magazine as a cool new product . I ordered them and love them . I dont know about the rest of you but somedays i shuffle into my bedroom at the end of the day and fall face first and wont move again . So for the exhausted days i leave these ponds cleansing pads in my nightstand drawer and use them on my face . -LRB- think baby-wipes but with moisturizer -RRB- They do the trick . Am so glad i found them .
 I am amazed by how well these work . They were easy to cut to fit the size of my body . They are very sticky but do n't leave a residue . They do n't itch , and are easy to remove . I am very satisfied with the product . After a couple of washes they are n't as sticky , but become easier to handle and still stick to my body all day long . I would definately recommend this product to anyone .
 I read the insert thoroughly in terms of process . Wash it first etc. . I did not have to cut the silicone sheeting too much . I am a size ten and had a full breast lift with implant -LRB- 397CC -RRB- so they fit me perfectly . The adhesive does grab lint , hair etc. . I sweat easily so I had to wash within 3 days as opposed to a week . I also found it was easier to save the packaging and stick them on there at night as opposed to trying to line them up on the plastic things they are attached to . I also had issues with them coming off ; mostly , at the area closest to my chest bone -LRB- where my issues of a slightly thicker scar is -RRB- . My solution to this
 I have tried 3 different brands , Scar Fx , Scaraway and ca n't remember the other one . But the Scar Fx is by far the Best scar sheet I have ever used . It sticks so much better then the other ones & really does last quite awhile & they do work for lessening your scars . The other ones did n't even last through the night , let alone able to wash and reuse.I like these so much I bought it a second time for a new surgery scar and also for my mom who loves it too.This is definitely # 1 on my list for scar removal !
 I bought this for a surgery . A year later I am buying it again for another surgery because I loved the results . Very smooth very flat .
 I decided to try out this product on a smallish keloid scar on my back shoulder that I 've had for several years . It 's quite red and raised and sometimes gets sharp pains or itches . I found the silicone surprisingly comfortable and it helps to protect the scar from irritation durring the day . I like that you can clean it and reuse it several times and it still stays sticky . I 've used this product for about a week and it has reduced the swelling of the tissue and made the skin softer but I have doubts about it being a serious long term solution without constant continual use .
 Packaging was super ridiculous ! It came in a big box 4 `` x12 `` x16 '' for what ? A stip that is 1 `` x12 '' long ? Anyhow I 'm not sure if this product works yet but it 's super sticky . Seems good so far ! Will update in the future . Super expensive for just a small strip sheet of silicone though !
 I really like the scar FX strips . They hold up well , are comfortable to wear , stick without tape , have n't caused any contact rashes , and the price is right . I 've got a lot of surgery scars and this product is one of the best that I 've found . There are even places where I can hardly see major incision lines after just 3 months.I did n't like the breast shape , it just was n't the size of my breast shape . But these strips have been great for all sorts of straight line scarring .
 Super firm hold , layerable , smells divine , and is never , ever sticky . Got a bottle on an Aveda shop guy 's recommendation right after it came out a few years ago , and have n't bought any other type of hair spray since . Love it . If they ever discontinue this stuff , I * will * picket their corporate headquarters .
 my hair is very fine and soft . This product gives it really the volume . It makes my hair a bit stiff if used in abundance but for a hold it 's perfect for my hair .
 This is by far the best hairspray for my fine textured hair . I have tried many other brands/formulas but , nothing compares to this . Great hold and still a natural look to the finished style -LRB- No ` Something About Mary ' gloop
 As one reviewer already said ... smells GREAT . Makes me feel like I just stepped out of a spa . This product really holds , and I have noticed a substantial difference in volume . It can be a bit stiff , but I find that hand-combing through it will leave a style perfectly in place , but with plenty of movement.I 'll never buy anything else - but I WILL purchase this from my local salon from now on - price is actually cheaper AND I get my Aveda points . Sorry Amazon ! Great product , though .
 I normally go thru a huge bttle of hair spray in about a month . This product has last me for 3 months . It has great hold and does not make your air stiff .
 On days when you wear your hair up and do n't want to redo ALL DAY this is the spray to use on those spots that just do n't pay attention to your new do !
 THis product is one of the best you can use , holds a hair style really great . matrix has discontinued this spritz spray and the regular aresol does not work the same . The only place you can get this is on line but be aware of imatations .
 This really works the best on my hair which is very curly . It holds without becoming crunchy or gooey .
 I am trying to go all-natural with all my personal products . Finding a good shampoo has been the most difficult . Of all the ones I 've tried , this one is my favorite so far . Lathers well and keeps my color . Also , unlike most natural products , the smell of this shampoo is subtle . -LRB- I hate things that are too smelly ! -RRB- Word of warning - wrap it up well if you take it with you traveling . I had some leak on clothes and they were permanently stained .
 I bought this the other day @ a discount store . The price was right - so I tried it . I have very thick , medium length hair . I do n't get to color my hair as often as needed for my grays due to budget & time concerns . One use & my brown was richer & the grays lessened . I am very happy w/this & am gon na run back to that store & buy lots more to stock up ! Very happy with this product !
 For fine hair this is a must to prevent hair from blowing around or going limp in damp weather .
 Excellent and larger than expected ! Been using this hairspray forever ... it 's awesome ! Just the right amount of hold - not wet and very fast drying . Excellent price too . Fast delivery ... will purchase again !!
 no residue , not too sticky . yet it holds the shape of your set for a long while and allow some room for `` bounciness '' .
 This is old school and what I mean by that is that it is made from flowers and essential oils ... not nasty stinky chemicals like todays fragrances are . When I put this stuff on , its like the pied piper . People -LRB- men & women -RRB- follow me and want to know what it is . That says it all .
 This hairspray is a MUST for all women who have fine hair !!! I 've tried numerous products , but Chi Helmet Head works the BEST !!!
 I went to my hair dresser for a style and she used this hair spray on me because I told her I do n't want a hair on my head to move , , , and I 've been using it ever since , , , love it , , ,
 By far the BEST firm hold hair spray I 've every used ! Not to worry during the windiest of days , not a hair out of place , yet , easy to comb out .
 Always liked this perfume , but in Brazil does n`t sell anymore The option is buy online
 When Lancome discontinued my favorite mascara i was n't sure what product to buy . i decided to try this mascara and glad i did . it 's great . goes on smoothly , no clumps , does the job .
 I have blonde with lowlight hair , fair skin and green eyes . This is the BEST pink color I 've found . The gloss is thick , but I like that .
 I have gotten lots of compliments on this product ! I am a big fan ! I would definitely order it again !
 i love it!cheap and a delicious smell.I keep on getting a lot of compliments about this perfume , and peoplle think it 's an expensive brand .
 I bought this product for my mom since she loves it ! I highly recommend giving it a try!Dexter TittilCEO -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I love this scent , it is light and summery and a fresh clean scent . Too bad bottle is too small and price is alot . I will have to buy some more .
 Always a fabulous scent , never failing to excite . A classic in my opinion . . Strong enough to last , light enough to be subtle . A must-try .
 A very nice fragrance with a hint of elegant subtlety , and ready for evening out for dinner or to a special event .
 I have worn this perfume since it came out in 1982 . I have allergies and am very sensitive to perfumes , most give me headaches . This perfume works for me . It is subtle and smells fantastic . Thanks for the prompt service.MCS
 You can never go wrong with this type of eye shadow , you can use on lips cheaks , ect
 Yes , you read correctly . A shampoo bar . It 's a 3.5 oz -LRB- about 2/3 the size of a normal bar of soap -RRB- , which seems TINY . BUT , that 3.5 oz bar is supposedly the equivalent of a 24oz bottle of liquid shampoo ! Previously , I paid about the same for some random shampoo I picked up at the local grocery store . It was a 13oz bottle ! I 'm already ahead of the game ! :D Tack on shipping and after all calculations were in , I was STILL saving money ! :D And I did n't have to spend any money on gas to go to the store ! Plus , it 's wrapped in either a biodegradable 100 % corn wrapper OR a recycled paper wrapper that can again be recycled ! No plastics here ! : DFirst of all , the bar takes some getting used to . You lather up your hands with soap like you were washing your hands , then rub it in your hair . The second you start lathering it in your hair , it feels like normal shampoo with a really thick lather . The smell is n't my favorite , but it 's not too strong at least.Rinsing it out is where it gets interesting . It gets my hair so clean that it 's hard to run my fingers through my wet hair . It wants to `` stick '' to my fingers . But not because it 's sticky , because it 's -LRB- quite literally -RRB- squeaky clean ! Once it 's dry , however , your hair is nice and soft and not at all tangly . Their website says that most people do n't even have to use conditioner with it . But , if you feel you need to use conditioner , use some apple cider vinegar instead ! The minerals , etc , in it are great for your skin and hair and , like white vinegar , it breaks up the alkaline part of the soap so that your hair rinses completely clean . It 's also great for getting all that crap that women use out of your hair ! :P Also , it does n't weigh your hair down like conditioners do .
 i love this soap . it 's a fantastic replacement for bottled shampoos full of artificial ingredients and toxic ick . it leaves my hair shiny , soft and clean . i like to follow it with a vinegar rinse -LRB- 3T vinegar to 24 oz water and 2 drops lavender oil -RRB- to make it even more shiny and soft . *** however , sodium hydroxide is NOT a `` binder . '' it is lye . lye on its own is a caustic chemical processed out of ashes , but when combined in the right proportions with fats turns them into good old-fashioned lye soap . at the end of the process , the fats are no longer greasy and the lye is no longer caustic , and the resulting soap is the best soap around , but i still really prefer manufacturers to be direct about ingredients .
 I LOVE this brand of shampoo , partic . the basic formula . It lasts easily as long as a standard liquid bottle . Environmentally friendly , no petrochemical bottle , but wrapped in paper . Shipping 's more efficient because you 're not shipping the liquid only the dry shampoo . It feels great on your hair . A little problematic to travel . Not a liquid per TSA , but can be sloppy . Or get big plastic `` dry case '' , work ok.The shelf worked great for a year or two . Keeps bar dry , lasts longer . The box is cheap , needs a coat of varnish/laquer - it gets mold on it . The case has broken apart in this time because it 's so thin .
 This little shampoo bar is amazing ! I am a 51 year old male , and my hair has never looked thicker or felt softer . I highly recommend this product .
 I purchased this for two reasons
 This soap is amazing . I struggled with dry skin and dandruff for years . After one use of this soap I noticed an improvement and now I do n't have any signs of those problems . I use this for my hair and also a body soap , It foams up nice even in hard water . I recommend it . The smell is also though not perfumed , it does smell clean .
 I have blonde with lowlight hair , fair skin and green eyes . This is the BEST pink color I 've found . The gloss is thick , but I like that .
 I have gotten lots of compliments on this product ! I am a big fan ! I would definitely order it again !
 It leaves my hands soft without being sticky or greasy . It does the job well , my hands before using the handmade were dry and chapped . handmade cleared up that problem . The best part is the scent . It smells like soft , sweet lemons . Not a harsh or tangy lemon smell like , say , verbena . The scent is n't overpowering either like Burt 's Bees almond hand cream , it 's more subtle than that . Next time I 'm going to buy the large jar !
 The fragrance is heavenly and the product does not feel greasy . I like to apply it while my hands are still moist .
 If I was Oprah , this would be on my `` Favorites '' list!I received this as a sample with another Philosophy product . I used the sample and am here to buy 2 more tubes . The scent is heavenly - smells like lemon custard - a soft lemon , not strong at all . It does a great job moisturizing your hands , and is not greasy . I put it on at night and my hands still feel soft after my shower in the AM . Highly recommend it ! : -RRB-
 I love the light lemon scent . And even better is the fact that this does not leave my fingers all greasy when I apply it . It melts right into my skin ! I love shea butter and I like to find new products with shea butter in them . I also dab it on blemishes and it soothes them and they clear up more quickly .
 Will buy again once I run out . Very nice , gentle fragrance even for allergy prone individuals like myself .
 Look no further than Handmade for the moisture your hands crave . First the texture of this cream is luscious , creamy and very rich . Secondly , one smell and you will want this fragrance to last the whole day long . Three , only the finest of moisturizing ingredients are used , including the expensive and hard-to-find pure shea butter . Nature and technology have melded into the creation of one of the finest hand creams you will ever use.The only reason I did n't say 5 stars is because it does not contain anything with which to exfoliate dead skin cells . Philosophy has another product , Time On Your Hands , that does . Put these two in conjunction with each other or regularly exfoliate before applying Handmade . Either way in a matter of days the skin on your hands will be baby soft . The writer of this review has chronic severely dry hands . I can attest to the purity and quality of this hand cream .
 I loved the texture , since it is not too liquid . The scent is also really nice but discreet .
 This stuff is hands down , the best hand creme I 've ever used . It absorbs into the skin right away , leaves no greasy of sticky film , and smells good enough to eat . The only concern I have , is that it comes in a smallish tube . The fix for that next time , is to buy 2 tubes ! I Love , Love , LOVE this product !
 The hand cream itself is WONDERFUL ! It has been amazing on my hands . They were showing signs of aging , and now they are looking much younger . I 'm not to crazy about the smell . It is a very sweet lemon smell -LRB- like lemon marangue . . as it is named ! -RRB- . That smell is good when you eat the pie , but not so good on your hands -LRB- at least for me -RRB- . I will look into another of their hand creams though . I love the texture and how it works !
 I enjoy this fragrance , it 's not too old lady smelling , not too young and sweet ... it 's just right for me . I especially like that you have to get pretty close to smell it . It 's not one of those that knocks you down as you walk by .
 After watching my hairstylist finish my hair with this , I decided to buy it from her salon . I like to use it right after I finish washing and styling my hair to tone down the poofiness and smooth out the ends , because my hair is normally poofy right after I wash it . It makes my hair bouncier and makes it noticeably shinier ; it definitely does not weigh it down . It 's a bit expensive but you only have to use a few drops so it 'll last you like a year . My hair is thick and long , so I use 2 small squirts . It has a very subtle but pleasant lavender scent , and it 's slippery but not sticky or oily like some other serums . I only give it four stars because on humid days , even though it initially de-poofs my hair , my hair will poof up again in a couple hours . Hey , it never said it could work miracles .
 My hair gets weighed down very easily by finishing/smoothing products -- they will leave my hair looking flat and greasy instead of smooth . My hair is very fine , but also thick -LRB- which is very annoying -RRB- . This finishing solution leaves my hair very smooth without weighing it down . It seems very expensive for such a small bottle , but a little goes a long way -LRB- I 've had the same bottle for nearly a year and it 's still not finished -RRB- . Definitely spritz it into your hands and not directly into your hair because it does not disperse at all . The scent is very light and refreshing and not at all overwhelming .
 I use this product everyday before I blow dry my hair and my hair comes out much smoother and my hair does n't get messy as easily . I ca n't live without this stuff , it smells so good and it makes my hair a beauty . I will definitely stick to this product !
 When my hair was relaxed , I used this all the time as a finishing serum . It smells like lavender and rosemary -LRB- very clean and fresh -RRB- and the shine was unbelievable . I can happily say that is works just as well on my natural kinky curly hair too . I do have to use a bit more -LRB- about 4 squirts now as opposed to 2 before -RRB- so I 'll run out of it a little faster but I still love it . Yes , it pretty expensive compared to the other serums out there , but it really does leave a brilliant shine and the scent is just wonderful . It does n't do much in terms of softness so if I want shine , softness and a great scent I 'll stick with Moroccan Oil - but this is a different kind of smell anyway . I highly recommend it -LRB- if you can afford it ! -RRB- .
 I always use this product before blow drying my hair . It makes my hair soft and it is light weight and has a light fragrance . I also use this product when I style my hair curly . I will probably never stop using this . Love it !
 ... use this . A little dab will do you . A must for those who use flat irons or any other hair-drying machinery . One bottle will last at least a year .
 I love Aveda products and I 've been using light elements smoothing fluid for years . It 's the perfect `` finish '' when I am done styling my hair . I have long hair that has a keratin straightening treatment so it 's easy to get ready in the morning . This product does the trick to reduce fly aways and makes my hair soft and shiny -LRB- but not too shiny -RRB- .
 I have chemically treated hair and purchased this originally as something to put in wet , towel-dried hair ... the decision to purchase was mainly based on the fact that I like the scent of Aveda products and this had the word `` lotion '' in the name , which brings to mind a thicker moisturizer . I did n't find this sufficient for that purpose , because it has a very light serum-like texture . HOWEVER , because of those qualities it is FANTASTIC in already dry hair , almost as a finishing product - but it is not clear & thick like most shine adding finishing products . I often find that those clear , thick finishing products can leave hair looking heavy & greasy with even a small amount . This product is great though - I do n't think I have ever used `` too much '' and can liberally apply to dry looking ends .
 Am 43 yrs . old and have been using this product for two years . I have combination skin that gets dry feeling in the fall and winter . I find this product very moisturizing . I wear it only at night in the warm months and both day and night the rest of the time . Great over Retin A to take the burn out . Makes skin look dewy . I always get compliments . Love it !
 Two years ago , I was burned by a top-selling cologne that was highly rated on some perfume site ... it made me smell like an old woman , spicy/weird fragrance and everything.I tell you this so you understand
 This is my personal all time favorite Cologne . I first recieved it as a gift for Christmas a few years back and havent found another to match it , smooth , fresh and it wears well for any occasion ...
 I have always loved this scent on my husband but now it appears that I will need to find another one ! The price on this has tripled from 16.97 to 49.00 ! Too much for us !
 This cologne has been with me since the day I lost my virginity , and is essentially a woman magnet . Once the girls catch a whiff they start leaking like faucets at the mere thought of me and my manly musk . I hope to channel this absurd attraction , however I am too busy being sexually active more than once a day !
 Halston Unbound is one of my favorite fragrances . In Colombia it is very difficult to achieve and thanks to Amazon I found and bought at a great price . I recommend it to conquer your partner
 This cologne is truly an awesome scent . The opening is potent and mild , and as it dries down the scent gets better and attracts the females even more . My Girlfriend loves this scent . `` It keeps her even closer to me '' ; -RRB- I recommend this to all . You have nothing to loose but a wonderful smell to gain .
 This has a very similiar opening to Aqua Di Gio . It 's an aquatic and fruity -LRB- Watermelon -RRB- scent with a clean , crisp dry down all the way to the end which I prefer over Aqua Di Gio . It 's a very light scent and may take a few more sprays but at this price , you ca n't really complain . This is probably the best `` Cheap Scent '' I have come across and continue to choose it over ADG . I rarely wear ADG anymore because it has gained huge popularity over the years since I began sporting it and now everyone seems to be wearing it . It 's still a great scent , nonetheless .
 I bought this fragrance blindly due to a fragrance review from youTube , and I was happy with my decision . Trust me this fragrance smells like Armani Aqua Di Gio with a little bit of edge in the opening . After fifteen minutes or so , it dries down really nice which smells exactly like Aqua Di Gio dries down . Some reviews even say that they prefer Unbound 's dry down much better , but to me , it is the same.I recommend this fragrance as a casual wear for a younger crowd who likes fresh , clean aquatic scent . The fragrance lasts very long -LRB- I personally get at least 6 hours on my skin -RRB- , but it has weak projection . With the price this low , you can spray two on your wrists and two on your necks which would be perfect -LRB- not overpowering , yet strong enough to project well -RRB- . I highly recommend this to every man , especially younger crowd .
 I found this cologne for my husband the very first time at a Marshall 's or TJ Maxx . Basically a discount store b/c I ca n't bring myself to pay full price for cologne . I smelled so many scents and kept coming back to this one . He used the entire bottle and I was so bummed when he ran out . I searched high and low and never found it again in a store . So , being the Amazon lover that I am , it occured to me to check here when I was doing my Christmas shopping . I was thrilled to find it , and even more thrilled with the price !! I would have paid more b/c I love this scent so much -- glad I did n't have to . I am a huge fan of variety , and in the past , I have just bought whatever cologne smelled good at the time . This is the first time I have actually sought out a specific cologne for a repeat buy . I would recommend this to any guy -LRB- or girl buying for a guy ;-RRB- who has to wear a tie everyday but does n't take himself too seriously . It is fresh and unique . Not your typical Nautica , Tommy , Curve type sent . It is mature w/o smelling like old man -LRB- no offense , seniors -RRB- My husband is 25 -- maybe the age reference will help.Definately buy UNBOUND !
 NO BETTER PRODUCT-FOR FLORIDA CLIMATE-THAN AVEDA LIGHT ELEMENTS FINISHING SOLUTION LOTION.SAD THAT THIS HAIR PRODUCT IS BEING DISCONTINUED .
 Great shipping and service , product was as stated and in perfect condition when it arrived ! 5 stars
 My girlfriend , soon to be fience , wears it . It 's not too strong , clean and sparkles a little . Damn ! She drives me nuts . The only problem is that it is hard to find just the lotion without buying the whole kit .
 I love J.Lo 's Glow ! It 's the first perfume that I 've found that can stay with me the entire day -- when I lie down to sleep at night , I can still smell it on my skin ! It 's a wonderful scent with a hint of floral and a hint of sexy , underscored by a slight muskiness that is n't overwhelming at all . The scent is feminine without being overly flowery , and I would highly recommend it to anyone !
 I just got it in the mail today . I spritzed it on my wrists and it smells good . I 'd rather spray it into the air and walk into it . It has a sweet smell but not sickingly sweet . This is the first time that I 'm seeing the bottle up close and it 's so pretty . I look forward to purchasing other JLo scents . The seller packed it securely and neatly .
 I absolutely love Glow . It has a soft , sexy scent . The mix of citrus , florals , vanilla and musk work perfectly together . Every time I wear it someone asks me what it is and where they can buy it . I have had strangers stop me at the Mall or grocery store to ask what I 'm wearing . This is the ONLY perfume that causes that to happen . It lasts all day . I am shocked this perfume has any negative reviews . My sister suffers from migraines and it 's one of the only perfumes she can use without causing headaches . I highly recommend this perfume .
 It 's the best price I could find anywhere !!! Everyone else wanted more money for bottles that were more than half the size . This is my wifes favorite and it made a great christmas stocking stuffer !!!
 This is my ultimate all time favorite fragrance . I am very sensitive to fragrance and have never been a girl that could use a whole bottle of fragrance without getting sick of it and switching to another one . Glow is the exception . It is so fresh , sexy , clean and feminine . It has become my signature fragrance . I love it on me and so does every body I know . It even smelled good to me when I was pregnant ! If you love fragrances that are not overpowering and too strong you will love this one .
 I love the scent of Glow . I always receive compliments when I wear it . Very fresh and long lasting scent .
 The product was perfect , just as described . It came in a sealed beautiful box and a very attractive bottle . I will buy this again when I need more and I would use this retailer again as well .
 I can never find this perfume on sale anywhere ... it is even expensive on Overstock.com , but the price was great and the product came quickly and safely packaged . I love it !
 I could believe the price of this perfume . This has been my favorite for years , and when I saw this on Amazon at such a great value I jumped on it . Thanks again Amazon for making my day !!!
 This is my favorite Eau De Toilette Spray . I 'm so glad I found it on AMAZON.COM because the price was more than reasonable . Will be buying more from AMAZON.COM
 A fast , easy purchase , would recommend this comp . to all . And best prices . You ca n't find this product in any store at this price , looking forward to purchasing from this one again
 I bought this as a gift for my mom for Christmas , and she was extremely happy -LRB- and I was too -RRB- . This was a great deal , especially for this large a bottle of my mom 's favorite perfume . Shipping was also extremely fast , I was told I would n't get the gift until after Christmas and it arrived on Christmas Eve .
 I absolutely adore this fragrance ! It is not overpowering , and is always sexy and understated . Like your black cashmere turtleneck and jeans , or with your little black dress ; great for every occassion .
 It 's a gift for my close friend this is one of her top perfume . It is a birthday gift I got it for her last year also .
 I bought this for my sister . She loves Glow . I was very happy with the price ! I could n't believe how inexpensive it was . Also with Prime I was able to receive free shipping ! One of the really best savings I have gotten by far on Amazon ! Some things that I buy ; I really see no savings or a very limited one . I sometimes just shop on line for the connivence of it . and that I do not have to go searching the malls and stores for what I want . That in itself is a definite PLUS . But when you get a GREAT price and the connivence of not having to do anything but click a button it makes it all the more worth the while ... . THANK YOU so much to the seller !! A + + for sure !
 I 'm addicted to Glow since it first release and now it almost 10 years and I still use it : -RRB-
 This eau de toilette has the most wonderful clean fragrance . I love it and it 's so hard to find . I 'll be back for more . P. Felton
 I 've been using Glow for years and love it , but it is getting harder to find nowadays . Found a great deal online !
 This is one of my new favorite scents . It is a light , young scent . It has a sweet smell but not overpowering . `` Glow '' is suitable for daytime wear as well as evening . Since `` Glow '' has a light and clean smell , I doubt that it would offend in a small setting , such as a small office , car or other confined area - like some other new famous scents . The scent stays with me all day , subtly . I want to comment on the bottle since it is obvious that some thought went into this design and marketing . The bottle is really beautiful and a bit out of the ordinary . The neck of the bottle is adorned with silver and crystal -LRB- ? -RRB- initial logo necklace . The extra thought was given to this product to make the consumer feel like they have purchased and are wearing something special . I am ready for my next bottle .
 I just picked this up today and have been wearing it all day - so far I love it . It 's a little bit musky and a little bit fruity , and it also has a sort of powdery scent to it - very light and clean and feminine , which I think will be great to wear to the office .
 This is such a beautiful fragrance , I have strangers coming up to me to tell me how good I smell ! Keep up the good work JLO !!
 Enjoyed the fragance in the spring , recently reordered and I so enjoy it in the winter because it 's a reminder spring is on the way .
 I 'm not a girlie girl , but I was wanted something for when I am feeling it . This smells good , and its not over powering . Works great for my moods .
 last night i even sprayed some on after a bedtime shower ... and i was alone . :-RRB- its so fresh and clean and sexy . i love it . i resisted getting it forever , because it seemed embarrassing or something , but that j.lo ... she knows what she 's doing ! fashion , makeup , fragrance ... she 's got it together .
 I rated this product as 5 star because it 's my daughter-in-law 's favorite fragrance and I wanted to please her . She loved it . The fragrance smells really nice and not too heavy . She is happy with it , so - I am too !
 very good aroma , I really like this perfume , the smell is strong and durable , jlo is the best , i really love it
 I get a lot of compliments when I wear this perfume . It is addecuately priced and has a scent of fresh ocean .
 I have used this perfume for years !! I absolutely love it and this bottle was no different from the other bottles I have bought , Great Product
 It was what my mother was expecting.I bought to gift her . And she really loved.I Strong recommend it .
 This is my favorite fragrance , since I first tried it , I could never leave her , I really love , is super durable and a fairly soft fragrance .
 I get several compliments a day when wearing this without fail , it is one of the loveliest perfumes on the market .
 The Wife loves it . Smells great on her and it 's always a gift for her on her birthday or Christmas ...
 I received Glow Eau De Toilette Spray 3.4 Ounces today and its twice the size and half the price you would pay in department stores . I absolutely love this fragrance , it smells light and clean and lasts all day . People are always telling me how good I smell . Thanks Amazon for your fast delivery and great products @ affordable prices . I will definitely be ordering again .
 Glow is the perfect enticing fragrance for daytime use , it gives you a feeling of being fresh and clean throughout the day . It is blend of amber , flowers , fruit with vanilla that creates a clean , alluring scent.It 's perfect perfume for a busy day at the office or an afternoon of shopping with your friends.The fragrance does not stay on all day , that is why I gave it a 4 star rating . But , I still highly recommended it to everyone .
 I love this - it is a fresh , clean , scent that easily lasts an 8hr shift . The other perfumes I have by J-Lo are more evening orientated whereas this one is definately a day fragrance , could even stretch it for a casual evening out . Other reviewers mentioned that this reminds them of soap smell , it does but its not overpowering or unpleasantly so and I hope you wouldnt be put of by this - its not a cheap soapy smell , but a I-just-got-out-the-shower-and-am-ready-for-the-day soapy smell .
 I am very pleased with my purchase ! I ca n't believe I was able to get this size of fragrance for the price I did ! It was double in the local stores ... and I received free shipping ! I receive compliments each time I wear it . I am glad I shopped Amazon .
 JLo Glow is a refreshing , light , delicate floral that 's become a frequent flier in my perfume wardrobe . It is a nice change from oriental , fruity-floral , and chypre scents , possessing the same soapy-shower-clean vibe as Lauder 's Pleasures or Lancome 's Miracle . But it is not stridently soapy or astringent in the least . The pink grapefruit and orange blossom give the right amount of sharpness in the opening , and they quickly mellow to reveal roses , lilies , and soft spring rain . I agree with those who note similarities between Glow and `` China Rain '' fragrance oils . There 's definitely a white-musk base going on here . I do n't smell the sandalwood or vanilla at all . It 's just easy to wear , whether I 'm dressed up or down , and it suits my chemistry very well . One caveat , do NOT over-apply ! This wears more like an EDP than an EDT -- two to three sprays is plenty , and you 'll get all-day wear . More than that , and you 'll get all-day migraines . Spray judiciously and ENJOY !
 It is a soft feminine scent . I love it . It arrived promptly and was much less expensive than a department store . And months later I still adore it . I 'm a happy woman .
 This fragrance is fresh and lasts a long time . I get people asking me what I 'm wearing a lot . It 's not too expensive either .
 I think it has a light scent to it , not overpowering . It smells classy and you dont need more than a few sprays .
 For her first perfume , J Lo released Glow , a very clean , fresh-smelling scent . To me , it is a combination of a clean soapy smell with a bit a of fresh floral . It is sofly feminine without being sweet or girly . I think it 's appropriate for all ages -- it has a youthful appeal , yet I 'm close to 40 and enjoy it , plus I bought some for my mother , who just turned 60 , and she likes it too . Destined to be a modern classic , Glow is a beautiful scent with wide appeal .
 Glow by JLo is one perfume that remains with me everytime - no matter what . It has that very light , sexy , and fresh fragrance . A must have !
 Because I know Jennifer Lopez is multi-talented , I gave her first fragrance , `` Glow '' a chance . I was in no way disappointed ; it smells so good ! I often receive compliments when I wear it . The fragrance also lasts mostly all day . I can spray the fragrance at 6 o'clock in the morning and there will still be hints of it on me at 10 o'clock at night ; now that is a quality perfume ! `` Glow '' has a sweet , pleasant smell . None of her other perfumes compare to it . It was her first fragrance and it is still the only one I buy . It is a bit expensive , especially in department stores , so consider purchasing it online as I do . I save a lot of money . For example , at Target and Macy 's , I have seen the 3.4 ounce bottle of `` Glow '' priced between $ 37.00 and $ 40.00 , but I purchased mine from ebay for a little over $ 20.00 . Ladies , young and old , do yourselves a favor and invest in this heavenly smell !
 Glow by JLO is 1 of the 3 perfumes I ever wear . . I 've been wearing this since it first came out on the market and will never stop using it ... I get compliments on the scent every single time I wear it . . Every single time . . Ca n't go wrong with this at all !!
 Glow by Jennifer Lopez has to be my favorite scent . I get compliments every single time I wear it , which is incredible . At first , I was n't too sure if I should purchase this , due to all the negative reviews I heard from friends , but I decided to give it a try . On others who dislike it , it must not mix well with their body chemistry , but on me it smells wonderful . It has a very fresh scent to it . J.Lo described it as smelling like you just got out of the shower , and I think that 's the best way of describing it . It 's perfect for everyday use , and despite it being a a toilette instead of parfum , it 's suprisingly long-lasting . I 've now made this my signature scent , wearing it on a daily basis and to work as well . It 's never too heavy and never insulting to the senses . The top notes are delicious , you can instantly smell the grapefruit , but it 's the drydown that gives it the airy fresh and clean feeling . I 've already stacked up on this fragrance and will be sure to buy more ! A definite 5-star perfume .
 This is worth the investment ! Very low keyed and aromatic after application . It smells as the name implies-glow 's . Kind of like a soft burning candle at christmas time . Never overpowering or offensive . In fact during christmas I noticed that the perfume section had a whole collection of Jennifer Lopez scents in a package of one and the only one missing was Glow . Glow is enormously popular with the young kids and old folks as well . Its sweet and gentle like a lamb . Definatly a good scent to buy for any age group !
 to who it may concern , I 'm on your site looking to purchase Glow by J.Lo . When i click on the item to enlarge it the box shows 1.7 oz. , but the info states 3.4 oz . I ca n't make a purchase being unsure what the correct info is.ThanksS.A .
 This product is EXCELLENT !!! Not to mention that is a MUCH BETTER by on Amazon.com than in any retail store . I did a search online before I made the purchase on Amazon , and all I found was the product in a much smaller size for the same price or more .
 I ordered this product to boost that evergreen scent in my home during the holidays and am still using it!The scent is authentic , fresh , and invigorating and the soap works well for dishes . LOVE THIS COMPANY !
 For the money it is a great product . The hair is a little stiff . My daughter would have liked a little better quality of hair . but for a child this is a fun product .
 This product works great . I have been using it for ever and just love it . I have been using blond 's lately but have used pretty much every color . To the person who said that it was not permanent she is mistaken as with any reds if you have bleached your hair and then put this over it it does n't work . Because when you over bleach and take out all the red/orange in your hair the red wont grab . Any how this product is WONDERFUL !!
 I used this hair color today , and it was excellent . My -LRB- virgin -RRB- roots are the perfect color ! Take caution however , because the middle sections of my hair are not the same color . I will probably do another process . This is not the hair colors fault , however . That hair had been dyed before and even though it had been dyed my natural color it probably just needed more processing time in the first place.This dye is easy to use , and it does stain -- however , it is pretty easy to clean up between using comet and rubbing alcohol . I would definitely recommend this product , as I have a friend who has used different shades with great success too . Best red hair dye for dark hair ! Will continue using this for a long time !
 I 'm amazed at how easy this dye was to use , and the vibrant color it delivered ! Also very happy that it was the only dye I 've used that can lift manic panic color without turning gray . Awesome ! The only problem is that the color is already starting to fade slightly after two weeks , but I blame my damaged hair . Over all , great product . I 'll be using this again !
 This is a great product and works wonderfully ! But , I would suggest not buying it on line though . I had recieved a fluke bottle and it did n't work . I used it on my hair and my friend 's virgin hair . I 've used this product many times before with no issue . This bottle did n't work . The seller has n't done much to try to help resolve the issue of this . Except by re-telling me what I already knew what to do . Buyer beware . If you order this on line and it does n't work you lose out on money . I would suggest going to Sally 's close to you instead to buy this . Talk with them as well to see what can be done if the product does n't work . I would hate for someone else to have to deal with a seller that does n't care about consumer satisfaction .
 Great color . Easy to mix and apply . Great gray coverage . Left hair shiny and nicely conditioned . I love this product .
 Awesome product ! I 've always dyed my hair and had trouble getting reds to show up on my darker brown hair , but with this - it 's awesome . I use a level 20 lift with it and it works just fine . The box says a max lift of 30 .
 Love this color and the entire line of HiColor . I use a level 40 developer and always get a brilliant color with no brassy tint . I 've been using it for about 7 years now and it 's been great and consistent . Highly recommend this product .
 My hair turned orange :-LRB- . Very good product but my hair sucks and never takes product properly . Over all very good
 I bet all ladies know how it is when you love a particular shade of makeup or fragrance of cologne only to find it has been discontinued . Apparently that is what happened with a shade of Bare Minerals eye shadow called Heart that I dearly love . I did not even know Amazon.com carried makeup , but I found the exact thing I was looking for on there and at a reduced price from the retail stores . It arrived very quickly , much faster than it would have taken me to find the time to drive out of town to purchase it since I live in a small town that does not carry fine products . It was brand new and nothing was wrong with it . I have been so happy to find it and will definitely shop Amazon.com again for makeup .
 This color is a perfect deep purple with cooler tones which really bring out my hazel-brown eyes . I have fair skin , and I find that cooler tones really stand out and make my eyes `` pop '' ! Also great if you use the bareMinerals stay put eyeliner liquid , which converts your favorite eyeshadow or eyeliner powder into liquid eyeliner .
 Chenille eye shadow is what I use for concealer and under my eyes . I can even use it wet if I need to cover something more difficult , so it 's extra wonderful . It calls this `` peach '' but it 's just a very light cream color . Not glistening or shimmery but not flat either , just perfect . I do n't like the `` Well Rested '' color for a concealer , it 's too yellow for my skin tone , this is perfect .
 I was using Celestine , which is about two shades lighter , and my absolute fave - perfect for any eye color , but was looking for something to intensify my look ... . This adds the perfect brown-based , plummy/purple , charcoal . Great alone , or added to the lash line/lid to enbolden my fave Celestine . Everyone in my office has noticed the difference , and complimented it . Perfedt for BOOSTING you every-day routine .
 Hi , I begrudgingly switched to these products last Christmas , when my mom bought me the starter kit . Since then I think my skin has been healthier . The starter kit lasted until June , which I think is impressive considering I wear it every daySome advice
 Amazing Amanda is my favorite Bare Escentuals eye color . It 's a soft , natural shade of light copper which works well with blue or blue-green eyes . Almost all Bare Escentuals eye shadows are very believable though I tend not to like their blue or bluish shades because they look too brash on me -LRB- extremely fair skin , blue-green eyes -RRB- . They stay on for a long time , usually until I wash them off and I 've never had an allergic reaction to them .
 This eyeliner stays on longer then the pencil style . It does n't end up looking like dark circles .
 I love all of BareMineral products and this is just one more to add to my collection . It may be small in size but it goes a long way and you do n't need a lot to get the look you want . It is well worth the price . You get a good deal for your money !
 I like this product although it can be tough to put on -- either too much or too little , so beware ! A good brush is key to a good application . It does last all day and is a very complementary color , usually .
 I love the Bare Escentuals line . The eyeshadow is easy to apply with the eyeshadow brush , blends beautifully , and stays put all day long . The colors are awesome , too . Excellent product !
 I LOVE Bare Escentuals products and have been using it for quite some time . The product does not clog my pores and is easy to apply for a flawless appearance . The eye shadows are highly pigmented and very little is needed to add just the right amount of highligts or dimension to your eyes . The trick with this product is two-fold ; load your brush and tap off the excess back in to the container and blend blend blend . Because of the high pigment content the color can be too intense if you pick up too much product and because this is a `` loose '' powder you could load too much on your brush and wind up with sprinkles all over your under eye and cheek bones ! You can intensify the colors by applying them wet . If you do the wet application , work quickly and surely because the color lays down fast and firm . Overall , Bare Escentuals products rock ! I have gifted BE products to most of my friends and even got my mom to use it ! Enjoy , have fun with it get several different colors and mix your own unique color of eyeshadow !
 an eyeshadow that keeps it 's color , and stays on all day . i 'll definitelybuy more when i use this up .
 I love the color of this product . This product like all the Bare Escentuals i.d bareMinerals products that I have used , have met all my expectations . It goes on very smooth and stays on all day . 5 stars to this color .
 I love Bare Mineral products . They stay on forever and never look too powdery . I also love the eyeliner , brushes and well rested really works well !!
 this product totally works to remove all hints of a circle under your eyes ! It 's light and blends well . another wonderful bare escentuals product !
 BARE ESCENTIALS CUPCAKE GLIMPSE IS THE BEST IT COVERS GREAT AND LOOKS AWESOME ! STAYS ON ALL DAY !
 Bare Minerals makes great products that when used according to their instructions gives lasting performance . I 'm sad they are discontinuing this color , it makes the perfect base eyeshadow .
 I have been using this makeup for years and I must say it is the most natural looking on the market .
 The true gold is exactly what it says . It 's very metallic and looks great alone or over another color to add some sparkle .
 This bare escentuals eyeshadow is super ... as good or better than the others . I use it to brighten my eyes and it is awesome . White eyeshadow in the inner corners of your eyes will automatically brighten the entire eye appearance and with Snow it only takes a small amount to accomplish that look . It may also be used as a highlighter on the brow for a wonderful nighttime look .
 Queen Phyllis was the closest colour to the eye shadow I was looking for -LRB- City lights -RRB- and I wondered perhaps if the name had been changed because Amazon did not show that City Lights was available . I purchased it and received it quickly but found it was too pale for my skin colour and I wo n't be using it . It would be great for an olive or darker skinned person , but I am too pale and it does n't enhance my eye contour at all Just another costly experiment in internet purchases .
 i encountered some problems which id like you to please look into . i ordered for two pcs and was charged for 2 but i only received 1 from the package that arrived . the envelope type-pouch package where it was placed was sealed yet it contained only 1 piece . kindly explain
 I have been using this product since 1999 and have not put any other product on my face since ! Keeps my face healthy and protects it from the sun with spf 15 . It 's affordable and lasts for months ! It can get messy like most make-ups , but it 's cleaner than liquid foundation . I will never use any other foundation ever !
 This is a beautiful shade of blue ! Correct application of BareMinerals products is to dip into the color , swirl the brush around in the lid , and then to tap off the excess into the lid . I have used BareMinerals for years and they are consistently the same . To my delight , this little jewel came promptly !
 I love the Bare Escentuals and the Bare Minerals makeup it is lighter . On your skin I already have eyeshadow from the bare Minerals line anyway . And the colors are just right nothing to dark or to light . just the right color and there is a little glitter in them and that gives your eyes a little sparkle . it was a personal chose to use the Bare Minerals make and I have liked ever since I started to use the make .
 This eyeshadow is amazinggg !! I only have good things to say about it . The color , the texture , the shinner is perfect ! Ive been using this eyeshadow literally for 4 years non stop ! I ca n't go a day without wearing it . Its the perfect eyeshadow to highlight your eyes specially the inner couner , i wear it alone and it looks great or blended with brown , purple , green , gold , black , gray , pink etc. . and it still looks great do n't hesitate to try it = -RRB-
 Love the color , the shadow lasts all day in this color i dont remember having to re apply but with the darker shade like rapture i did . But thats ok , these are great shadows , pracey but i really like them .
 This color is just right because you can adjust the amount to keep it light or darken it . Works great as eyeliner too !
 I have been a BE girl for nearly 1/2 a decade now . I hit the half century mark last year so I DO take skin care seriously . BE fits perfectly into my beauty regimen . My favorite products ? The multi-tasking bisque is ESSENTIAL and does just what it says
 I received this eyeshadow very fast . It was brand new and sealed . It is a wonderful color . I would order from this seller again .
 I just got this today , and this shade is beautiful :-RRB- It 's that perfect baby pink shade for the eyes . LOVE IT !! I love bare minerals eyeshadows , and this one is no exception .
 It 's my favorite ! I hope they do n't discontinue it online as well . It goes well with everything . And I always get compliments
 Amazon is the only place i found that sells this color separately . Not even sephora sells it alone , U would have to spend money on the eye shadow kit . I already have one kit do n't need more . Sooooo happy I found it , its by far my fav .
 I am in my upper fifties , so bright eye colors are not an attractive option for me ! This soft pink is a light color that I use as a neutral shadow that brightens up my upper lids -LRB- which tends to disappear with darker & taupe colors . -RRB- I use the darker colors -LRB- with a light touch -RRB- in the crease of my lid . Then I accent my eyes with a little smidgeon of white in both corners of my eyes and a dot in the middle of the lid & blend - it makes my eyes sparkle & the whites look a little brighter . I find that using a subtle shade of eyeliner in teal , deep forest green or charcoal are just the right amount of color to bring out my hazel eyes and looks nice with my silver hair ! At this age , less is more - Really !
 Just love bare minerals products . This color was perfect , so pretty with my big brown eyes , just lit them up ! I used it with other covers to cover the upper part of my eye .
 I love all the Bare Escentuals eyeshadow that I have tried . The only problem I have is finding my favorite colors online .
 This is a perfect violet/purple eye shadow . It has a matte finish and complements any eye color . I bought 2 of them and keep one in my gym bag .
 I love their eyeshadow and their makeup . This is a great color to make your makeup look more natural . Their products do n't have any harsh chemicals in them or parabens and are better for your skin . I have never had any problems with this product or anything that was bareminerals . Their eyeshadow lasts a long time so it is well worth it , and also does n't go on too thick making it look cakey . I love the consistency of it and their are many colors to chose from .
 This is my second purchase of Bare Skin glimmer , and it is a great color for everyday wear . It goes on smooth , especially with Urban Decay primer , and lasts all day . Love it .
 I have had one of these mirrors in my old house . It makes doing my hair so much easier and faster - I can see the back and sides just great . Also can flip to magnified side for make-up . Mirror is big at 8 '' and the arm extends way out to 20 '' + . My old one started to get weak in joints but that was after 10 years of daily use . Recommended !!
 The design is precisely what I needed for installation in my bath . Execution is excellent - no weak joints and a clear mirror . Highly recommended .
 This mirror works fine and extends nicely around our very large bathroom mirror.Seems well made although the mounting bracket of stamped metal is a little on the cheesy side . The instructions state to turn the mirror , not by flipping from one side to the other but by actually turning it on the pivot where it mounts to the arm . Pivoting the mirror is a little stiff and flipping causes the screws to back out . To solve both issues , I backed the screws out and applied a small dab of Loctite and re-screwed to a tension for flipping the mirror that held it nicely at the desired angle . Since there are not threads on the bracket , the screws now rotate with the mirror and do n't back out . An easy fix , something they should do in manufacturing . Four stars because of the mounting plate and screw issue .
 Looked & looked at SEVERAL mirrors & styles for my Husband 's bathroom vanity mirror . Vanity is a `` corner '' vanity & while the wall mirror tried to address the corner , he still had a difficult time shaving & triming his mustache . This mirror is clean-lined , takes up so little space & does it 's job . Wish I had more places that needed one .
 This mirror was just what I needed to get my hair right in the morningIt works great in conjunction with my vanity mirror.My husband the contractor mounted it into studs and it 's sturdyand not as ugly as I thought it would be on the wall . Folds away nicely .
 I love Heaven Sent . It is a mild sweet scent not over powering but more of a fine thin mist and it last for most of the day . But this is my absolute favorite perfume
 Product came quickly , was very fairly priced and was in excellent shape when it arrived . What more could anyone ask for ? It was just as I expected .
 This works really well if you apply it the right way . I apply it over my foundation with a sponge , patting lightly -LRB- do not rub-in any product on your face b/c it might cause breakouts -RRB- . I use two drops on each cheek . It feels like a powder and it 's really light-weight and does not cause breakouts . But do note that this is a nice color for light-medium skin tones and looks really tacky on ethnic skin . Those w / ethnic skin should try Mystified , although this looks too dark for light-medium skin tones , it works great on dark skin tones
 If you use waterproof mascara , this product is by far the best -LRB- and I 've tried dozens -RRB- . No pulling or tugging , very gentle , gets rid of everything easily and quickly . Yes , there is a bit of an oily residue but it 's also good for moisturizing the eye area -LRB- and just use a tissue to remove the excess . I 've never had a bad reaction and I have tons of allergies & sensitive eyes . These pads also remove other makeup , including the hardest-to-remove dark red lipstick . I HIGHLY recommend !!!
 I love these makeup pads ! Some people think they are too oily , but they get your eyeliner -LRB- the industrial strength stuff , like Urban Decay -RRB- off with two swipes and the mascara comes off too . I hate the non oily pads because you have to wipe so hard you irritate the delicate eye area . Love these . The price was unbeatable .
 It 's the only make-up remover I 'll use . I 've tried everything else out there . This by far excels . It 's very hard to find in retail stores - - Sally 's Beauty Supply has it and it used to be available at Long 's Drugstores before they were acquired by CVS . Besides , Amazon 's price is the best !!!!
 Greasiness wipes off easily along with all traces of makeup ! Did not irritate my eye in the least .
 my order was delivered quickly and well wrapped so there was no damage to the product I would order from them again .
 Purchasing this sampler and trying these fantastic products has prompted me to buy several full-sized products of this line including the Lemon Butter Cuticle Cr&egrave;me , Peppermint Soap , Wild Lettuce Toner , Bees Wax Lip Balm , and Citrus Spice Soap . The Lemon Butter Cuticle Cr&egrave;me and Peppermint Soap are my favorites so far . Burt 's Bees ' commitment to recycling and using natural ingredients is consistent with my own philosophy . Having been a cosmetologist in my younger years , I looked up some of the unfamiliar ingredients in my Dictionary of Cosmetic Ingredients . As far as I can tell , everything is all natural and benign . The packaging is also very nice . The plastic containers have a high percentage of recycled content , and the soaps are paper wrapped . The company also uses some glass containers , which are not as bad for landfills as plastic . I am allergic to many products that contain perfumes and fragrances ; and though Burt 's Bees ' products are scented , they are not overpowering . The scents are subtle and non-irritating . I will be using these products for many years to come.J.H . Sweet , author of The Fairy Chronicles , and Burt 's Bees Enthusiast
 i bought one of these as a splurge for myself and have enjoyed the trial sizes and deciding which products to purchase when i run out . also bought one for my sixteen year old neice 's birthday as she loves burt 's bees . an enthusiastic `` cool ! '' was the response . only issue with some of burt 's bees products is some of the containers require hand application and the openings of the jars are somewhat small making it a little awkward . well worth it though .
 I am so pleased with all of Burt 's Bees products . They are natural and do not contain harmful/harsh chemicals . My daughter is very sensitive to detergents etc and can use Burt 's Bees products without fear that it will cause her eyes to become red and swollen . The shampoo and conditioner leaves our hair clean , shiny , and silky soft . The comb is really cute . Great Products !
 A little pricey for such small samples but it came prompt and the products are all of great quality . LOVE the facial cleanser and the foot creme the most . Hand salve is hard to open after closing . :-LRB- Gets too slippery ! lol
 My husband bought this as a stocking stuffer for Christmas and it 's one of my favorite gifts . I really like the cuticle cream .
 I was very pleased with the But 's Bees Head to Toe Starter Kit . The little zippered bag was choc-full of fun things to try -- 11 items in all ! I especially love the lip gloss and comb which I use every day . I 'm so happy I chose this item as my gift !
 I 've been wanting to try a variety of Burt 's Bees products , so this was great . I did n't like everything in it though , but that 's why I bought a starter kit . Out of the items in the kit I liked the lip balm , the face scrub , the peppermint foot lotion , the cuticle cream and the daily moisturizer . The other items just did n't appeal to me .
 I bought this as an alternative to the Pink Delicious scent . It is quite a different scent , but is pleasant .
 If you use waterproof mascara , this product is by far the best -LRB- and I 've tried dozens -RRB- . No pulling or tugging , very gentle , gets rid of everything easily and quickly . Yes , there is a bit of an oily residue but it 's also good for moisturizing the eye area -LRB- and just use a tissue to remove the excess . I 've never had a bad reaction and I have tons of allergies & sensitive eyes . These pads also remove other makeup , including the hardest-to-remove dark red lipstick . I HIGHLY recommend !!!
 I love these makeup pads ! Some people think they are too oily , but they get your eyeliner -LRB- the industrial strength stuff , like Urban Decay -RRB- off with two swipes and the mascara comes off too . I hate the non oily pads because you have to wipe so hard you irritate the delicate eye area . Love these . The price was unbeatable .
 It 's the only make-up remover I 'll use . I 've tried everything else out there . This by far excels . It 's very hard to find in retail stores - - Sally 's Beauty Supply has it and it used to be available at Long 's Drugstores before they were acquired by CVS . Besides , Amazon 's price is the best !!!!
 Greasiness wipes off easily along with all traces of makeup ! Did not irritate my eye in the least .
 my order was delivered quickly and well wrapped so there was no damage to the product I would order from them again .
 Will definetly recommend!will buy again from this site , Exactly what I was looking for . The color was all and more than I expected
 I found this color at a salon once and I noticed that it would match my bridesmaid 's dresses perfectly . I had a hard time finding it , but Amazon of course had it . All my bridesmaids wore it on their finger nails and toe nails and I wore it on my toes . It looked really good . O.P.I is my favorite brand so I knew the quality would be good .
 I fell in love with this color at my salon and could n't find it in any local stores , so I 'm glad to find it on Amazon ... It was perfect to wear for the fall season near Halloween .
 As an extremely fair and sensitive-skinned person living in a hot , humid and sunny climate , I 've tried just about every high-SPF sunscreen available over the years , but until now have never been satisfied.Other sunscreens have always caused stinging , irritation , redness and breakouts , and in spite of frequent reapplication have always left me with a moderate sunburn by the end of the day.Cotz , on the other hand , has a very gentle chemical-free formulation . The texture is different than most chemically based sunscreens - it remains on the surface of the skin almost like makeup , rather than being absorbed into the skin like most chemical sunscreens . It has a slight tint , with a very natural color that is perfect for me . It does not have the whitish cast commonly found in other chemical free sunscreens.I 've been using this sunscreen now for about 6 months , and it has never caused any irritation or breakouts . It has proven exceptionally effective at preventing sunburn and freckling , much more than any other sunscreen I 've ever tried - even after an entire day spent out in the sun fishing -LRB- something I would n't even have considered without this sunscreen , after many a burn suffered using chemically-based `` high-SPF '' formulas -RRB- . Do n't forget to reapply it if you 're swimming or perspiring heavily.Short of spending one 's life indoors and avoiding windows , I believe this is the best means of skin protection out there -LRB- hats are good too , of course ! -RRB- .
 My dermatologist recommended this product after I had a chemical peel -LRB- to remove all of the previous sun damage to my fair , freckled face ! -RRB- It is wonderful ! All other products I 've used still allowed me to freckle , even while preventing burns . COTZ prevents both the burn and the freckling . Moreover it does n't sting when it gets in my eyes , and it does n't burn my cheeks when I put it on . I love the slight tint and opacity , which even out my skin tone better than my expensive foundation without looking like make-up . As if all of this were n't enough , when I reapply COTZ while I 'm on-the-go , I do n't have to rush to wash my hands , because after a few minutes the `` lotion '' feeling is completely gone from my palms.This product is definitely worth the price . I 'm hooked !
 The product above was recommended by my plastic surgeon after his procedure for skin cancer on my face . I had a hard time finding it as it was not available in my local drug store . It has been great for my healing process . I use it to massage a large area on my face every day . My daughter had been using it back a few years ago until she could no longer locate it in the stores in her state . She loved it as do I. I would highly recommend it . I just hope Amazon will be able to obtain more of these products .
 I found this foundation to be realistic in color -LRB- copper sand -RRB- and provide light coverage without looking fake . It also provides a realistic glow .
 Thanks for providing this . I finally had found a makeup that looks good on ME and does n't feel like makeup , plus is good for my skin providing `` Active copper '' and sunscreen including zinc oxide . Then , 2 years later , I could n't find it in any store in my area -LRB- San Diego -RRB- ; fortunately , I was able to purchase it online . I do n't know what Neutrogena is doing , messing with a good thing like this.PS I have bought other things from `` Beautiful Perfumes '' with good results .
 OMG this is an amazing product . After using this set my face looked flawless . I got many compliments on my complexion . It is so easy to use and blend . Just a little bit of the product goes a long way . I found it at Discount Designer Beauty for half of what it cost on the Guerlain website . You have to buy this powder set . It is well worth the money and it will last you months!Guerlain Meteorites Collections With Brush New in Box Retails for $ 80
 Having just placed my second order for this soap , I have to say that it is awesome . The scent is very refreshing . I like that the soap is not loaded with chemicals like all the mainstream soaps out there . It does n't dry out your skin at all , and it is not oily at all either . It leaves your skin feeling perfect . The scent is light enough so it does n't overwhelm other fragrances which you may wear , but still strong enough to give you that clean refreshed feeling . I would recommend this to anyone . It is great .
 The barrette is beautiful and large enough to hold thick hair in a ponytail which is what I was looking for . If your hair is thin or you want to only pull back a portion of your hair it is probably too big and the hair would slip out . The price was reasonable .
 I love the smell of this shampoo -- sweet and fruity . It leaves my hair feeling moisturized and healthy , plus it 's sulfate-free . It 's a little pricey so I do n't use it every day , but it 's a good product !
 at first my scalp would breakout , but after a few uses , it stopped and my hair got soft and nice , it smells so yummyi was using the conditioner with it as well , they work great together , but my hair needed some time to adjust : -RRB-
 I love this shampoo it is by far the best I have ever used of the salon brands , it makes my hair feel silky , full of body and very very smooth . I love the price Amazon.com offers love love love you guys ... you gained a lifetime customer , thanks a million.Andrea , Texas
 We have very hard water here . So to save on the good shampoo I wash my hair first with a conditioning shampoo then use about two peas sized drops of the SFactor . When I lived in an apartment that had very soft water I only used one good sized drop of shampoo , given that I had short hair at the time too . When I use it every day My hair is super tame and shiny . I have color treated medium thickness hair .
 I originally bought this shampoo/conditioner in my saloon for $ 27 + each . What a great deal online . This is my sister 's and my favorite shampoo/conditioner set . We also love the illuminizer product .
 I love this shampoo/conditioner set ! It not only smells great but definitely helps my hair to stay under control . As with the Smoothing Lusterizer that S Factor sells as well , you can really get a grip on your hair . I have really bad static in the winter as well as flyaways , split ends and dryness . These products really work to fix all that as well as boosts my hairs shine . Get these ! -LRB- I agree that it is n't the biggest bottle in the world but still is worth it and way cheaper @ Amazon then it is at the salon ! -RRB-
 I love this shampoo/conditioner set ! It not only smells great but definitely helps my hair to stay under control . As with the Smoothing Lusterizer that S Factor sells as well , you can really get a grip on your hair . I have really bad static in the winter as well as flyaways , split ends and dryness . These products really work to fix all that as well as boosts my hairs shine . Get these ! -LRB- I agree that it is n't the biggest bottle in the world but still is worth it and way cheaper @ Amazon then it is at the salon ! -RRB-
 I have always had that type of hair that takes a lot of `` fixing '' . It is shoulder length , really thick , kind of frizzy , a lot of static , some natural curl , and just generally unruly . My beautician used this on my hair and I just really loved the smell of it . I had been using Philosophy but I got on here when I got home and looked it up and splurged on the big pump bottles of both the shampoo and conditioner . I also bought the TIGI S Factor Smoothing Lusterizer , Defrizzer and Tamer and the S Factor Dream Drops Shine On ! Superior Shine Necessity . I MUST SAY THAT THIS IS THE BEST HAIR PRODUCT PURCHASE I HAVE MADE !!! Yeah , it is kind of expensive but the large containers will last a long time . I use 2 pumps of the shampoo and 1.5 pumps of the conditioner . Then after towel drying my hair , I put just a dab -LRB- I mean , only about a pea size dab -RRB- of the Smoothing Lusterizer on and blow dry . I do n't have to continuously brush it with a round brush , nor do I have to try and beat it into submission ! I simply blow dry using my hands to keep it smooth and untangled as I go . When it is dry , I DO NOT have to spend 1 - 11/2 hour straightening it with my CHI because I do not have to section it out as much . I just put the Dream Drops on and it takes about 15 minutes and wammo bammo it is smooth , straight , and sleek ! Humidity does n't touch it . And since I do n't have to straighten it so much , it has a lot of bounce and body !! So , I would definitely recommend this product to anyone . If you have the money to spend on the large bottles , do it !! It will last a lot longer and it will make up for the cost .
 Finally the best Shampoo/Conditioner out there in a huge pump bottle !!! This is such a great deal from AMAZON !!! -LRB- and sooooo worth it !!! -RRB- I love this shampoo/conditioner set ! It not only smells great but definitely helps my hair to stay under control . It has been a long time since I 've used a shampoo/conditioner that made my hair smell awesome ... even at the end of the day !! As with the Smoothing Lusterizer that S Factor sells as well , you can really get a grip on your hair.I have really bad static in the winter as well as flyaways , split ends and dryness . Humidity also kills my hair and turns it into frizz , but these products really work to fix all that as well as boosting my hairs shine . Get these , worth every penny !!
 When I wash my hair with any other shampoo , it 's frizz city . I mean no two hairs go in the same direction , and little frizzes stick out all over my head . It 's so bad it 's like I do n't even want to leave the house.When I wash my hair with this , there is not one frizz in site . My hair is smooth as silk and shines and has body . It 's almost like I flat-ironed it . In fact , I do n't really need to flat iron it when I use this , as I mostly did that to get rid of frizz.I do n't know what they put in this shampoo but it works . I am wondering what to do with all my other shampoos , now that I 've found this . I do n't want to use anything else again.It lathers well too . I was n't expecting much but I was really surprised . My hair is totally different when I use this . It 's like I had a Brazilian almost . Love this!edt
 I love TIGI S factor Shampoo & conditioner . I just wish they sold it in a larger size with a pump .
 My hair-stylist recommended this shampoo and I have used nothing else since . Absolutely great product .
 After years , and I mean YEARS of looking for a shampoo and conditioner that would give me clean hair while leaving it shiny , soft , and easy to style I have finally found it . I love this product . It smells great and my hair looks fabulous ! The only other product I use is a styling oil and finishing spray . I have fine hair that has tendency to be limp instead of shiny , but I could not believe the difference this product has made in my hair . I can only imagine that it would be even better for naturally thick and luxurious hair ! Highly recommended .
 I 've been using S-Factor Smoothing Shampoo and Smoothing Conditioner for a couple of years and love how these products leave my hair manageable with plenty of bounce and not weighed down . My hair always looks healthy when I use S-Factor 's smoothing products . I also use the Smoothing Lusterizer which has become a must-have during the summer high-humidity months . The Lusterizer provides just enough taming without making my hair look dull and heavy -- lots of shine .
 I would recommend this to anyone with hair that is highlighted or bleached . It would cost a lot more if one was to buy it at a beauty shop .
 I was introduced to S-Factor Smoothing Shampoo and Conditioner by my daughter and I love this product . I will continue to recommend this product to friends and family and as long as Amazon has the best price for S-Factors products I will continue to buy through Amazon.com . This supplier was prompt in their shipment of this product as I had a trip I was to leave for during the time the delivery was to take place and I was n't sure I would get the product in time but because of our email contact they were able to ensure the delivery before my departure date of my trip and true to their word this supplier got the product to me 2 days prior to my trip . Excellent service and excellent product make for great customer service.La Vonne
 I first purchased this product at my local hair salon . It is so much cheaper at amazon . It is the only shampoo -LRB- I also use the conditioner -RRB- that keeps my chemically treated hair shiny and healthy looking .
 Great Shampoo ... I used this brand for many years now . The bottles last a long time , worth the money
 I have used this foundation for years . I believe Neutrogena has discontinued this foundation , so I bought all I could find on Amazon .
 I was very happy with the product and how fast I received it . It is a very hard product to find , and thankful it came earlier than I excepted .
 I love this product ! It is my favorite make-up . It really helps with my acne and improves the appearance of my skin .
 This product is out of production unfortunately . I love this makeup and am grateful I am able to still find it .
 using several colonies , but for many years i used this and am very satisfied , will continue to use
 As all scents go you either like it or you do n't . I 'm not too big on aftershave , cologne , etc. . . but this particular scent had received some ` positive feedback ' when I 'd used it several years ago.I 'll give it 4 stars because I have yet to have any women flock towards me uncontrollably - but I 'll be sure to update this review when that starts happening.The shipment arrived packaged well and fairly quick - and the bottle/container looks real cool in my lavatory !
 Excellent onald delgado Excellent muy bueno para comprar lo haria otra vez super bien voy hacerlo cuado tenga plata eso sera en seis meses
 Excellent product , very very quality.Thank you.A delicious and fresh scentGood packagingtermination of the object is very goodGood !!
 This is a little mitt that fits over four fingers . A little smaller than I expected , but it is good quality , and is soft .
 This mitt exfoliates fine . In the photo on the website , it appears to me to be thin , flimsy and slightly see-through but that is not the case . It is one of the thickest exfoliating materials I have seen and fits perfectly on 3 fingers . I use the cleanser-free method , and you can really see the dead skin cells , sebum , leftover moisturizer , etc on this mitt ! However , it does not rinse clean with just water like some other microfiber cloths ; if you use the cleanser-free method you must use soap by hand or in washer after every time you use it to get rid of bacteria . I would recommend other cloths for the cleanser-free method such asNuFountain Microfiber Exfoliating Cloth For Face or Body
 This is an amazing scent from Burberry , VERY hard to find but so wonderful.One thing that catches my attention is the uniqueness especially coming from a scent that is made from such light casual tones . At least try it . : -RRB- If you enjoy this try STELLA from stella mccartneyStella McCartney Stella
 I have been using burberry tender touch for 4 years . This is one of my classics . I like trying new perfumes but I only purchased this more than once . I think it is a nice floral/sweet scent with some lasting power and it is not a loud scent . I would reccommend this to young women looking for a nice floral perfume .
 Probably the best body wash I 've ever come across . The `` desert minerals '' were a great idea , as they gently scour the skin into smooth cleanliness much like a few dabs of apricot scrub . The color is pleasing and not too bright like that gatorade product Axe put together and the scent is very unobtrusive . It lathers well enough - not amazingly so . I 'm most impressed with its ability to clean . It 's Axe 's biggest winner , I think .
 It really does scrub more than the average axe does . Do n't bother buying the axe shower gel that matches your daily scent , the shower smell goes away ... so you might as well buy this one .
 I like axe shower scrubs and have been using them awhile . The one that I like the best is the snake peel . The desert minerals and cactus oil leave a clean aroma and feeling that I really like . The other choices are good choices as well .
 The product 's name made me think at first it was some kind of depilatory that you would have too wait around wearing before you scraped it off . It 's really a soap product . It has a refreshing smell and feels good on the skin . It 's not too radical a skin experience , and feels not unwholesome . I do n't think it 's overpriced . I 'm glad I got it .
 This stuff is awesome , I was worried about some reviews I saw that said it would be too harsh on the skin and that it may dry it out . Everyone has different skin and it just happens that this is great for mine : -RRB- I would strongly suggest that if you are thinking about trying it , get a single bottle before you buy a case lol because it does have strength behind it but thats what I was looking for.I suggest using this max 3 times a week usually 2 does it for me though , works great with the Blue shower Gel that Axe has .
 It arrived sooner than I expected . The product was exactly as described , performed as expected and works great to remove camie paint . Great job amazon . Will reccomend to others .
 This snake peel scrubs your skin the best . I never have had a product scrub the skin this good . The smell is ok was expecting better .
 I enjoy washing my body with the scrub . The strength of the scent is moderate , not too strong nor weak .
 This Axe Snake Peel is terrific stuff , but why so expensive here?It costs only two dollars at my local commissary .
 Smells like citrus but in a good way . When used in a whirlpool tub , it makes the best bubble bath ever ! Girl approved . Now , go get in the tub .
 I bought this stuff for my boyfriend , and it is the only Axe scent that does not smell like bug spray . It makes me want to touch him and get close just so I can smell it even more .
 I am normally inclined toward scents with spice/woods combination . But this just a great smell for all occasions . I found the Eau de Toilette more lasting then the cologne even though it is less strong out of the bottle and would not pay the extra price for the cologne . This was a great price at less than 40 % what the department stores charge .
 I am glad i bought it since it is very good . Every body ask me about it . I recommend it
 Same great product that I have used for years ! Arrived in excellent condition and the packaging was very good.I 'll order the same product when this one is gone .
 came at the earliest arrival date and product is outstanding , this is the way transactions should be . keep it up !
 Smells wonderful ! It is very hard to find a fragrance for my husband , and he likes it alot . It seems to last a long time after you put it on .
 I truly believe that this is one of the best fragrances that I have ever used in 35 years !! Unfortunately it 's difficult to find . However , I am very thankful to Amazon.com for making it available .
 I am very happy with this product . The packaging was in good condition for it being a fragile product I give this product 4 Stars . I have oily skin and it takes care of it , by the end of the day my face is still fresh looking . I love this product .
 So I first bought the compact pressed powder in Beach at Nordstrom a few months back because they did n't have loose powder which I usually prefer because my T-zone tends to be pretty oily . But since the pressed powder is all they had I decided to try it . I loved it ! You only have to use very little of the compact and it totally transforms your face . I saw they sold the loose powder on Amazon and snatched it up quick . I love this one even more than the pressed powder because its such a great deal . Both are about the same price but the loose powder will last you so much longer . The compact is good though to take in your purse which I do because like I said I have an oily T-Zone and need it for touch ups . But after switching to Make-Up Forever HD Foundation and this powder I only have to touch up once a day which used to be maybe 3 or 4 times a day . I just love how this powder smooths out the skin . And Beach is a great color for those with yellow undertones !
 Ever since Neutrogena discontinued their Healthy Skin Loose Powder I have spent a lot of money , and have had some sad face days trying different powders ... but not anymore ! I recommend this powder for oily skin and large pores . I have both . It seems to be a very fine powder , so does not make my pores look huge . It does not make them disappear of course ... but not bad . After 5 hours my face usually looks oily and I have to touch up with a compact , but not with this ... my face did not look oily at all . I give this 5 stars !
 I love Nars ! This product is one of his finest . It seems expensive , but you will never run out of this product . I 'd say if you use it daily you 're fine for a good two years . Do yourself a favor and indulge in the loose powder that this fine frenchman has created .
 This is my first try at using NARS Loose Powder and I was not disappointed . The powder is very fine-milled and applies beautifully . You do n't need much to get a flawless look . And since this is such a large container of product , it will last a long time . The color is perfect for my skin tone - does n't really show color , though , just an amazing finish !
 After watching this YouTube video this girl made about her makeup , she recommended using this as a setting powder . I took the chance and ordered some . This is now the second time I ordered it and I love it ! They really give you a lot for your money too compared to most other higher named brands .
 i like it not love it ... its nice product may be best but i dont know how to use it properly still i m hapy with it
 This is a great product . It was deilivered promptly which was really appreciated . This is a great product and great service !
 But it was a great product . i didnt know how to use it at first , but i got the hang of it , and it 's a lovely product
 Actually , this is for my granddaughter who absolutely will not use anything else . She says the NARS finish beats everything else she has tried for that smooth , finished look to her make-up .
 I like this loose powder but it is pricy . It is a nice powder but I 'm just as happy with my Cover Girl loose powder . This NARS powder goes on smooth & looks fab though , no complaints here . It is a finer powder than your drug store powders , if that matters to you . I recommend it .
 I 've read many reviews about the powder , but was reluctant to purchase because no one locally carried it . I am super pale , and was concerned it would n't be light enough . This gives my makeup a very soft airbrushed look without any visible powder or caking . I will definitely purchase again !
 After finding out that Utowa no longer made their ML powder I had to find something else that worked just as well , if not better . This powder is AMAZING . I use a water based gel moisturizer on my face every morning and I wear Lancome Effacernes concealer under my eyes , but I do n't wear foundation . This powder does n't cake or build up anywhere , goes on smoothly and somehow is the only powder I 've ever used that can control the oily-ness my face has by mid-day -LRB- I 'm one of those super sensitive dry-skin types that ends up oily a few hours after washing , ugh -RRB- . The packaging sucks , yes , but nothing a new container ca n't fix . I do n't need to use much of this for full coverage and think it will last quite a while ! I 'm tempted to buy another one out of fear that I wo n't be able to find it by the time I 'm done with this one ...
 I have combination skin so this powder is perfect the quality is amazing it 's a bit pricey but it 's worth itThe powder is finely milled so when I apply it gives me a natural look I love this product I will re purchase it again .
 I 've always been a fan of compacted and loose powders . I 've been through so many and when I found this I could n't resist . It gives great coverage without looking powdery . I 've always large pores and this product hides them really well . It 's great for setting my foundation and the color flesh matches me perfectly . The only reason this is a four out of five , is the container . As soon as I opened it I got the powder everywhere . Still it was worth every penny !
 I seriously LOVE this powder its the best and it leaves my face so soft and natural looking . . I hope amazon will always have it so can buy more in the future cause everywere else this powder is discontinued ... < 33333
 The powder is amazing . It creates a flawless smooth look without caking up throughout the day.I am Asian with oily skin and golden tones . I bought Beach and it matches very well.The only complaint I have is that the mesh lining it comes with is ridiculously useless . I put it under the plastic tray , which is a little helpful . The product even arrived with powder outside on the sides of the lid.However , despite the box , I find this product to be well worth the money . It will lasts a very long time .
 This is my new fav powder ! I bought it in flesh and am glad I did . I could have probably bought snow , but my fair skin has pinkish tones and the flesh looks very nice . I ended up putting the sifter underneath the plastic piece with the holes where the powder comes out bc I read someone else had more luck with not having the powder fly everywhere and waste product . I also pulled the sticker just enough to only uncover a couple holes . Then I just tap the product into the lid and swirl my powder brush in the lid and apply similar to the bare minerals technique.I notice my skin looks better and healthier and it does n't have that powdery look like others I 've used in the past . It may seem expensive , but a little goes a long way with this powder so I know it 's going to last me a long time even with daily use.I have combination skin , used to be oily when I was a teen but now I 'm 21 and just have t-zone issues from time to time but I do n't have acne anymore . This powder makes my skin look almost poreless which is great . I just use my cream foundation , this , Nars the multiple in Orgasm , and mascara and I 'm good for the day . You 'll love it ! : -RRB-
 Love all of the items in Laura Mercier 's spring collection - Sheer Madness . `` Sheer '' is the operative word here - the makeup is subtle , refined and very flattering.The stick gloss rates a ten and all A 's from me . What 's not to like about a lip treatment that soothes , smooths , plus adds color and fullness ? Stick gloss is a combination of lip balm , lip color , and lip glaze - a three in one winner.My favorite colors are Peony , a deep rose , and Poppy , a festive crimson . When applied each color is much sheerer than the tube color indicates . For instance , the Peony appears to be a burgundy tone yet on the lips it is a lovely rose.Perfect warm weather tones .
 My lips tend to dry out easily and thus I was on the prowl for a nice , moisturizing lip-stick . I found what I was looking for in these!PRICE
 I have very sensitive skin and lips and this product does n't irritate them at all . It moisturizes them a little , not drying . The color is perfect too . It is a little brighter than my own lips -LRB- I am fair -RRB- with a tiny bit of sparkle . I 've been wearing it every day and I 've gotten lots of complements . I do n't need any liner with it or gloss .
 I really love this product ! The color is great and last well into the day . Great for day or night ~
 This is a great neutral lip color with more of a lipstick then a gloss consistency . The company sent the wrong color but after contacting them they responded immediately and sent correct one .
 I carry this with me everywhere ! Moisturizes and the color penetrates well like a lipstick , but it does n't cake . I like chapstick so it has that effect . I carry it with me at work . It 's not over the top , but it just always looks professional and just applied .
 I love Laura Mercier lipstick !!! I learned about this brand from watching an Oprah Show years ago , and I have n't found lipstick I like better . So , I highly recommend this product .
 Very soothing , hydrating and long lasting . It works better than any lip balm that I 've tried . I have 2 Laura Mercier StickGlosses bought at 2 different times . The scent is very faint . When I wear them , I do n't even notice the scent . If you have very dry and chapped lips , this is the lip stick for you .
 I love Laura Mercier make-up and prefer the convenience of buying it on-line when I do n't need to test the colors . I 've been wearing this Purple Haze color for several years and I have several of them - in my purse , desk drawer , car , etc. . The thing I like best about this color and formulation is that it 's more like a tinted lip balm in that I can apply it without a mirror . Very convenient .
 I have a fair complexion and my lips , when bare , tend to wash me out . I recently moved to Wisconsin , and the artificial heat dried out my lips , so I went hunting for a tinted lip balm -LRB- in a tube - I prefer not to apply things from pots , like Benefit 's tinted balm , which has a rose scent I 'm not crazy about anyway and is not particularly long-lasting -RRB- . I am very impressed by this product -LRB- I bought this in Poppy , a nice red-pink hue -RRB- -- it moisturizes well without being sticky and it provides just enough color without being a lip stick . It 's something you 'll want to have in your jeans pocket when you go to a concert , or in your purse for a night out . As for its wear , I 'd say I have to put it on every 4 hours or so , which I think is fair , especially because you do n't need to look in the mirror , really , to apply.I also bought Sugar Rose Tinted Lip Treatment , which is considerably thick , and good to apply before bed , but the tint is very faint . Tarte 24.7 lip sheer , was also one of my purchases . While I do like the product , but is highly pigmented , far closer to a lipstick than a sheer . If you 're looking for a product that is a high quality tinted chapstick , I highly recommend this product .
 Do n't wait until the last minute to stock up on sunscreen protection creams for your summer fun . Therapy Systems Broad Spectrum , one of the best high quality skincare brands , glides on , is non-sticky and will protect you through sun , surf and wind . Go for a high factor - this one is called `` serious sun shield '' for a reason , you need only apply it before going out into the sun and yes , you will still get golden , just less burnt and crispy . The new Serious Sun Shield not only ticks all the boxes in terms of hydrating and brightening the skin , but also gives excellent SPF protection from harmful UV rays . It combines all the most loved aspects of the Therapy System 's day cream with a high protection , broad spectrum sun cream to keep the signs of aging at bay , making it a must for summer skincare serious sun shield cream for luminous skin . Plus , it 's packed into an environmentally sound glass bottle to seal in moisture . If you 're looking for a luxurious tan for your face , Therapy Sun Shield Broad Spectrum with SPF27 is the obvious choice . Use every day and it will leave you will lightly sun-kissed , glowing skin .
 I was pretty surprised to find that Rose Milk can still be purchased these days . I have n't seen it in a store for many years . I bought some last summer because I was feeling nostalgic for the rose scent that I remembered from childhood . It still smells the same , though these days it comes in a much smaller package for a lot more money . I 've used it just for moisturizing purposes and it works pretty well . It absorbs into my skin quickly and keeps it feeling soft . The smell reminds me of my grandmother , but that 's not a bad thing . You can probably find cheaper lotion that will work just as well , but Rose Milk is the only one I 've found that reminds me of being a little kid again ! I 've also read that it 's good for people who have psoriasis .
 This lotion is one of my favorites . The pros
 Have been using this for years ... then it was off the market . -LRB- I thought -RRB- . This is the only place to find this excellent lotion .
 I thought this product was discontinued . I loved using it back in the 1980 's , but gradually fewer stores were carrying it and ultimately I could n't find it anymore . How happy was I to see it available through amazon , and at a great price ! This lotion absorbs quickly without being greasy and has a wonderful fresh rose scent that 's not overpowering nor too weak .
 Rose Milk is something I 've always loved . I love Rose anything . The smell of roses , and the creamy lotion , is absolutely heavenly . Even though it does remind me of my childhood days , I still love it now , and will never stop loving it.To me , there is just something heavenly about the scent of roses . And this soothing lotion full of rose scent is a really exceptionally heavenly product !
 I use to LOVE this when my mom would get it . Beautiful smell , great lotion . I 'm so glad it 's still available . I wish it still came in pink milk can shaped pump container I remember ; it was much cuter than this bottle , and considering the price of shipping , it 's not the drugstore-level price it once was , but it 's still worth it just for the lovely lotion and unbelievable scent .
 I personally love roses and the smell of roses , so I love this lotion , because it smells just like a rose -LRB- with no added ` sweetness ' that many fragrant lotions have -RRB- . I do n't usually buy lotions that contain mineral oil , but this lotion is light enough that I do not feel the heaviness mineral oil can cause in lotions .
 I Love this stuff so much but was unable to find it at any local stores . I found it here and was frowning at the price . It 's 4.99 at CVS website , shipping is 5.49 . Here last I saw ; 8:97 and 4.99 shipping . So . . $ 10.48 vs 13.96 . Some people may not care but a 3.48 difference matters to me . Still kind of up there but I Love this lotion . The smell does remind me of my late grandmother , but like the other poster , in a good way : D
 This is the only cream I buy that actually smells like roses . It 's not overbearing . It 's the same Rose Milk I 'd sneak and rub all over my body when I was little and my favorite aunt used to come and visit .
 Oh my goodness , I ca n't believe I found this ... I 've meant to look and just forgot and while looking for something else I came across Rose Milk . When I was little I would get bloody cracks on my hands every winter ; one night I stayed over at my grandmother 's house and she gave me some Rose Milk to use before bed . When I got up the next morning I happened to notice that the cracks were gone , I do n't know how this could even be possible cracks do n't just disappear overnight , it JUST DOES N'T happen ! It could be argued that my young mind just perceived it incorrectly , but it made such an impression on me that I just could not have . My story could have been some kind of coincidence etc etc etc , but I am going to hold onto the lotion being the cure . Anyways there is definitely something very special about this lotion . Give it a try!Edit
 I 'm a sucker for anything rose-scented , especially body products . I eyed this Rose Milk Skin Care Loton for a very , very long time before I finally thought `` what are you waiting for ? '' and ordered it . I must mention that have no nostalgia tied to the product , no memories of my mother or grandmother smelling of its elegance-by-association with as they kissed me goodnight.So , with no pre-set expectations , I opened it immediately -LRB- even as other family members were clamoring for their part of the order -RRB- and breathed it in
 Smells nice and leaves hands soft and smooth . Had a hard time finding Rose Milk . Now I can buy more . Thanks
 just the right amount of scent . . used with yardley rose soap it is perfect . wish they sold it in stores still
 Same smell and everything . I used on my baby and smelled like a little rose :-RRB- It does n't have that fake rose smell most have its really close to the real thing .
 My mother-in-law used this lotion on all the grand kids . Rose Milk lotion is hard to find.I used it as a stocking stuffer for my 46 yr old daughter ... . great smell brings back the past , as she remembers her late Grandma .
 So I got this for my mom because she was feeling nostalgic about the scent of Rose Milk lotion and how it reminded her of childhood . It made for a PERFECT mother 's day gift -- I ordered three regular sized bottles . The only thing that concerned me was the packaging ... it was n't in the displayed pink bottle , but rather in a white bottle with simply a sticker of the Rose Milk brand logo etc. . Once my mom opened it and tested a small amount on her hands she confirmed it was in fact the lotion she remembered . Glad it worked out and happy to have found this on Amazon -LRB- albeit a bit pricey for lotion , but worth it -RRB- .
 I remember my aunt bringing this back to my mother after visiting the Biltmore dairy farms in Asheville , NC every year . Hands feel soft , never sticky or tacky and the scent is delicious -LRB- roses and milk -RRB- .
 It 's a product that has been around for ages , and I love it . My mother used to use it and the smell gives me pleasant memories . It does a decent job of moisturizing my skin but mainly I just love it for my childhood memories of it .
 I having been using Rosemilk since I was teenager to keep my skin soft after shaving . The rose prevents follicle bumps better than ointments like Bikini Zone and smells wonderful too .
 The Andis wall mounted hair dryer has met all my expectation and has performed well .
 ERA Face Foundation is the best ! I just wish I could afford it - ha ! I use it only on special occasions . It goes on like a dream - velvety smooth like buttah . And it disappears into the skin without any trouble . I 'd buy it again . In fact if everyone bought this product maybe , just maybe they 'd reduce the price ?! Or at least offer free shipping .
 I have had problem skin for the first half of my twenties and it has only recently started clearing up . I can say from experience that this product works very well not only for full coverage over problem skin but even over clear skin to just even skin tone.It does n't ever feel cake-ey or heavy and it lasts all day . Even if I end up having to sleep with it on one night it does n't leave my skin feeling grimey the next day -LRB- do n't do it too many days in a row though , always always cleanse your skin at night girls !!! -RRB- Sure it 's a little more expensive , but it lasts longer and feels better on your skin than any department store or drug store brand .
 I was a little wary to spend this much money on foundation but my wedding is coming up and I want flawless skin ... so I tested it out the other day and WOW ! I had absolutely flawless skin !! It was amazing ! I have a tendency to get this rash on the sides of my face due to my very sensitive skin and this covered it up 100 percent ! I am more than pleased with this product , it is well worth the money !! I HIGHLY recommend !
 My challenge
 expensive item , but well worth it . leaves my faces looking flawless . it also shipped here very quickly.thank you .
 fast shippping ! item as described . very happy with the item . absolutely love this makeup . dont need concealer , or powder foundation with it . it 's all in one ! great for oily skin .
 I have been using classified cosmetics for about a year and I am very satisfied with this light weight , water based foundation . I would suggest this product to anyone who wants great coverage but does not like to feel like they are wearing heavy make-up . Also for those who watch the television show ` What Not To Wear ' , this is the foundation used by Carmendy , the make-up artist .
 I initially left negative feedback for the Earth Beauty Store since the product I ordered came to me without the store packaging . The seller immediately responded and explained what had happened , along with their apologies and offer to make amends . I very much appreciate dealing with sellers such as Earth Beauty Store and will purchase from them again , no worries . Of all the shady vendors out there it 's nice to know this is one you can absolutely count on . Many thanks !
 This is an expensive foundation but well worth it . I will never switch to any other brand . Product is light on the skin , covers discoloration but does not look like you are wearing make up !
 This has to be the very best makeup I 've ever used . I 'm 56 and it leaves my face looking flawless . A bit pricey , but a can lasts a very long time . Very easy to apply and blends beautifully .
 If you require light coverage this is the product for you . It does take a minute to figure out how to apply . If you have a makeup artist or a daughter or sister with you they can spray directly on your face . If you are alone this is a very wasteful and messy way to apply . I spray a small bit on a CD player cover and quickly using a brush or sponge dip in and apply to my face . All over or just where I need the coverage . The color selection is good unlike Dior 's product , which is a good product but comes in a limited range of color . I will purchase this product again .
 I had been looking for this product for so long after seeing it on What Not to Wear . I was looking for something to even out skintone and wearable all day . This is a good product for older women who tend to perspire during the day as it stays on .
 I wish I would have gotten the right shade . It 's a bit dark for my skin . This is the problem with buying foundation on line instead of at the department store . You can try them there . It also is a bit tricky , so do n't spray too much . It also leaves a film on everything around , so be careful . It does n't do anything to hide wrinkles .
 I was diagnosed with an auto-immune disease 12 years ago , one year later I had to have a full hysterectomy . Between these two conditions , and having to take steroids in addition to the hormones and too many other drugs , I was miserable and had pretty much given up being able to wear makeup . Other than mascara and a little lip color/gloss , everything just sweated right off . The auto-immune disease has affected my skin in a few spots , two on my face and one on my neck , plus some on my arms . One on my forehead and the one on my neck are quite noticable . Depressing , to say the least . Cover-up-type makeup was way too heavy and looked just awful . But ERA -LRB- I bought the primer and the foundation -RRB- is a God send . As soon as I got it I actually sprayed it at my face , but it got everywhere all in my hair , and made it stiff like hairspray . I 'm not supposed to actually use sprays of any kind so that was kind of stupid of me , anyway . So I read the instructions -LRB- ! -RRB- and used a natural sponge , and it is light and sheer but covers and blends beautifully . It stays on and lasts . I feel like I look pretty again .
 I am 42 years old and have dealt with acne for the last 20 + years . It is now under control and I was looking for a foundation that would give me great coverage while still having a light feel to it . This is it ! Some have mentioned that it is too expensive but you get what you pay for . I have learned that foundation is not an area to skimp on . And this foundation last me for 4-5 months at a time . That is hardly a financial hardship with all things considering . You must buff this makeup after you put it on . I use a a foundation brush to do this . The stuff stays put all day and I have yet to have one single break out since using it . Other than monthly type issues . I will never put anything else on my face again .
 I am very pleased they send me the product that was right for me . I will keep buying my makeup from them from now on .
 This has been my favorite scent for years . Everyone compliments me on the scent . It is a clean refreshing smell and it lasts all day .
 i wore this incredible scent back when my kids and my sister 's kids were young . i remember my niece just loving the scent so i gave a bottle to my sister . Every time she wore it , my niece would tell her that it reminded her of Aunt Donna ! We both just loved the scent ! Then , it disappeared & we were heartbroken . But - here it is again and just as wonderful as we remembered it ! Thanks !!!
 This is a wonderful scent that lasts and lasts . Very hard to find . That 's the problem with companies , they make a good product then discontinue it .
 I am so grateful to the manufacturers of this cologne ! It 's the first one I 've found that smells anything like Enjoli .
 Great service . I like the way it looks on me . The color is redder and less orange than I expected but it makes it much more versatile . This blush is like old time rouge and is an ideal product for those of us that remember rouge . A little goes a long way . It is light and natural looking . Another perfect product from Laura Mercier . If you are over 50 , step away from powder blush , put on your sexiest orthopedic shoes and love the skin you have now .
 Or at least that 's what it looks like when I wear this . I have it in Oleander , which is SO bright and scary until you put it on . It 's sheer and gives a very natural blush to my fair skin that has red undertones . I never would have picked this product out because the color is so obnoxious , but the Laura Mercier lady at Neiman 's used it on me and it 's perfect ! She said it looks good on most everyone , but I 'm guessing anywhere beyond a very tan skintone will want a different color .
 Chose the products because of reviews here which gave it 5stars . Agree that it 's worth it as it has a lovely texture , spread well and is good if you need to be quick in the morning getting out of the house .
 Shipped incredibly fast like 2-3 days . Product exactly what it said it would be . No problems with packaging . Will be buying through this seller again
 This brand of blush like all the Laura Mercier products goes on the skin very smoothly and evenly . I recommend any of these products .
 If you require light coverage this is the product for you . It does take a minute to figure out how to apply . If you have a makeup artist or a daughter or sister with you they can spray directly on your face . If you are alone this is a very wasteful and messy way to apply . I spray a small bit on a CD player cover and quickly using a brush or sponge dip in and apply to my face . All over or just where I need the coverage . The color selection is good unlike Dior 's product , which is a good product but comes in a limited range of color . I will purchase this product again .
 I had been looking for this product for so long after seeing it on What Not to Wear . I was looking for something to even out skintone and wearable all day . This is a good product for older women who tend to perspire during the day as it stays on .
 I wish I would have gotten the right shade . It 's a bit dark for my skin . This is the problem with buying foundation on line instead of at the department store . You can try them there . It also is a bit tricky , so do n't spray too much . It also leaves a film on everything around , so be careful . It does n't do anything to hide wrinkles .
 I was diagnosed with an auto-immune disease 12 years ago , one year later I had to have a full hysterectomy . Between these two conditions , and having to take steroids in addition to the hormones and too many other drugs , I was miserable and had pretty much given up being able to wear makeup . Other than mascara and a little lip color/gloss , everything just sweated right off . The auto-immune disease has affected my skin in a few spots , two on my face and one on my neck , plus some on my arms . One on my forehead and the one on my neck are quite noticable . Depressing , to say the least . Cover-up-type makeup was way too heavy and looked just awful . But ERA -LRB- I bought the primer and the foundation -RRB- is a God send . As soon as I got it I actually sprayed it at my face , but it got everywhere all in my hair , and made it stiff like hairspray . I 'm not supposed to actually use sprays of any kind so that was kind of stupid of me , anyway . So I read the instructions -LRB- ! -RRB- and used a natural sponge , and it is light and sheer but covers and blends beautifully . It stays on and lasts . I feel like I look pretty again .
 I am 42 years old and have dealt with acne for the last 20 + years . It is now under control and I was looking for a foundation that would give me great coverage while still having a light feel to it . This is it ! Some have mentioned that it is too expensive but you get what you pay for . I have learned that foundation is not an area to skimp on . And this foundation last me for 4-5 months at a time . That is hardly a financial hardship with all things considering . You must buff this makeup after you put it on . I use a a foundation brush to do this . The stuff stays put all day and I have yet to have one single break out since using it . Other than monthly type issues . I will never put anything else on my face again .
 I am very pleased they send me the product that was right for me . I will keep buying my makeup from them from now on .
 ERA Face Foundation is the best ! I just wish I could afford it - ha ! I use it only on special occasions . It goes on like a dream - velvety smooth like buttah . And it disappears into the skin without any trouble . I 'd buy it again . In fact if everyone bought this product maybe , just maybe they 'd reduce the price ?! Or at least offer free shipping .
 I have had problem skin for the first half of my twenties and it has only recently started clearing up . I can say from experience that this product works very well not only for full coverage over problem skin but even over clear skin to just even skin tone.It does n't ever feel cake-ey or heavy and it lasts all day . Even if I end up having to sleep with it on one night it does n't leave my skin feeling grimey the next day -LRB- do n't do it too many days in a row though , always always cleanse your skin at night girls !!! -RRB- Sure it 's a little more expensive , but it lasts longer and feels better on your skin than any department store or drug store brand .
 I was a little wary to spend this much money on foundation but my wedding is coming up and I want flawless skin ... so I tested it out the other day and WOW ! I had absolutely flawless skin !! It was amazing ! I have a tendency to get this rash on the sides of my face due to my very sensitive skin and this covered it up 100 percent ! I am more than pleased with this product , it is well worth the money !! I HIGHLY recommend !
 My challenge
 expensive item , but well worth it . leaves my faces looking flawless . it also shipped here very quickly.thank you .
 fast shippping ! item as described . very happy with the item . absolutely love this makeup . dont need concealer , or powder foundation with it . it 's all in one ! great for oily skin .
 I have been using classified cosmetics for about a year and I am very satisfied with this light weight , water based foundation . I would suggest this product to anyone who wants great coverage but does not like to feel like they are wearing heavy make-up . Also for those who watch the television show ` What Not To Wear ' , this is the foundation used by Carmendy , the make-up artist .
 I initially left negative feedback for the Earth Beauty Store since the product I ordered came to me without the store packaging . The seller immediately responded and explained what had happened , along with their apologies and offer to make amends . I very much appreciate dealing with sellers such as Earth Beauty Store and will purchase from them again , no worries . Of all the shady vendors out there it 's nice to know this is one you can absolutely count on . Many thanks !
 This is an expensive foundation but well worth it . I will never switch to any other brand . Product is light on the skin , covers discoloration but does not look like you are wearing make up !
 This has to be the very best makeup I 've ever used . I 'm 56 and it leaves my face looking flawless . A bit pricey , but a can lasts a very long time . Very easy to apply and blends beautifully .
 I bought EARLY TAN in Normal/Combination Skin formula and I can tell you that it provides good coverage but not without being weighty and heavy . Some people like that . I find I can only wear it during the winter . -LRB- During the summer it makes my skin break out -RRB- I have n't noticed any moisturizing feature , although it 's heavy enough that it provides some protection against the harsh winds of winter.It 's a good product if you like heavier coverage.Pam T ~
 I have been using this product for a few years now and really like it . The price was better than I could find anywhere . My first shipment was not packed correctly but the second shipment was great . Amazon is good about credits for broken items .
 This foundation is incredibly moisturizing , unusual since it is the normal/combo skin formula . It is more moisturizing than the formula for dry skin . I think the dry skin formula has more `` botafirm '' that tends to lift , yet can be drying to the skin . I would recommend the normal/combo formula to anyone who has very dry skin like myself . Very satisfied .
 the smell of the product is spectacular , it looks better in person , the package design is in accordance with the lotion , I am very happy with this fragrance . This lotion recomiento 100 % and look forward to buying him the vendor . in shipping was on time
 I bought it for a gift and was told that liked the perfume , I 'm very glad I made the purchase and would buy it if necessary . It 's a great buy and very good delivery time .
 It smells very nice on the husband , and the price is right ... no complaints here !!! It is n't too feminine , nor too overpowering . My husband needed something to wear to work , or when hegets out of the shower , and this works perfectly .
 gracias por el Producto es bueno y de Calidad s&iacute; lo agradesco Por vendedor Producto de Primera soja dany de valencia Venezuela
 This cologne is hard to find in stores at a decent price.I WILL NEVER BUY COLOGNE in a store again for the simple fact of how fairly priced you can get it for on Amazon.Product smells clean and spicy.Shipping was fast and the product was as described.I will be buying again ... this is my third Cologne purchase over the internet.Love it !
 excelente producto , llego en perfectas condiciones , responsables , la entrega se realizo en el lapso estimado de fecha de entrega , lo recomiendo absolutamente .
 The shipping was fast and the price was great-It smells great and is something I would purchase again.Large bottle and has a clean fresh scent .
 It was not the first time I purchased Diesel Zero.I have a difficult skin , I mean , several fragances that I like on my friends do not smell quite the same on me or the smell do not stay long enough.That was not what happened with Diesel Zero . The wooden smell was just the way I appreciate and the fixation is quite good as well . Besides that , the price is very affordable in comparison to other good brands.I truly recommend you to try it . You wo n't regret it and may even get surprised with the results .
 EXCELENTE PRODUCTO , VENDIDO TAL COMO DESCRIBE EN LA WEB DE AMAZON , RECOMENDADO ESPECIALMENTE PARA QUIENES DESEEN DARSE UN REGALO Y AHORRAR AL MISMO TIEMPO
 Thanks to your companyBy sending the products boughtI received perfectly in my address in Brazilcongratulations to all and much success
 sobre este articulo no tengo critica alguna estoy totalmente conforme y satisfecho , hasta me gustaria comprar otro , cuando aparesca otra oferta ...
 Muy buenas cumplen con todo lo ofrecido por el proveedor , manejan buen tiempo de entrega , muy buen servicio y calidad .
 It was fast , good , everything I needed and expected . Really good job and thanks once again . Great doing business with you .
 The aroma is very nice and good to fall and teens . The presentation is quite original . It 's a nice gift
 excelente fragancia y a un precio muy adecuado , llego en un paquete adecuado a la fragilidad del mismo gracias por esta publicacion
 is a fresh fragrance for use during the day that fascinated the recommended and best of all the found a minimum price
 Perfume very good , I liked it . He has a soft touch and fixed for long . I recommend to anyone who wants to buy .
 This was a great purchase ! The company was efficient with their shipping and I got this product for a really great price . It is one of my favorite scents and I gave it as a gift to my fiance . This is one of his favorite scents too !
 This is my second time buying this cologne . I like the smell of it . Also I like the good reaction of some people around me . They keep asking what 's that you are wearing ? So that 's how I know it 's a very good smell . Try it see if you like .
 my wife said that this item smelled so good ... . she even tried to rape me when i first sprayed it on ... . LOL but yea this fragrance is not for everyone its smooth and strong at the same time and it has a hint of a cinamon smell ... . but i must say got to your local store and test it out before you buy it ... but definatly buy this product from amazon.com its much much cheaper than the store trust me .
 Great cologne , very warm , powdery , cinnamon heavy , a touch of copper and tin , a bit of vanilla . Stylish , intimate , but not subtle . It 's clean enough that you can get away with wearing it during the day , but it would be too much for the summer sun - stick to wearing at night or during other seasons.Aside from a lack of subtlety my only gripe is that it does n't come with a cap unless you keep it in the ridiculous plastic globe/stand thing it comes in , so the nozzle gets a bit gummy . Also ca n't be brought with when traveling .
 I love it.Not for a butch Marlboro Man scent.More of a roMANtic , coffee-house guy scent.A little like `` Tommy '' by Hilfiger meets `` Le Male `` by Gautier ; and they adopt a son - lol .
 I use this cologne , and everyone that has smelled it on me has really liked it . I get a lot of compliments on how I smell when I wear this . To me , it has that `` I got ta get you in bed '' attraction . Haha . : -RRB-
 I have used this fragrance for the past six years and women -LRB- of all ages -RRB- comment on how pleasant it is !! Personally its aroma is slightly woodsy and after its initial application you do not detect it on yourself , but it does last through the day !
 My husband has been using this cologne for two years . The smell is soft and sweet , very romantic . Every time he puts this on , i literally jump on him and usually , we end up having sex -LRB- unless we have be somewhere , and then , we have sex on the way -RRB- . He was worried that he would n't be able to find more , but here it is ! Thank you Amazon !
 After I bought this for the first time , I received lot of compliments from everyone especially girls . So I decided to buy it again and keep it in stock . The price was real good compared to retailers out there in market . Real Masculine smell and has a little bit of cinnamon flavor .
 These are lovely rose scents , except for one , the French Rose . BLECH ! It is a powdery mess reminiscent of an industrial strength air freshener I smelled in a nursing home a long time ago . I 've tried it several times thinking maybe it was my mood that day or maybe I was just mistaken at how bad it smelled . Nope . It stinks . HOWEVER , the other two rose scents , plus the generous addition of two sample vials of rose perfumes , more than make up for the French Rose debacle . The Tea Rose is amazing ! It has that succulent smell of a dewy , fresh-picked rose . I 've heard many people complain that rose perfumes , especially the famous classic Tea Rose by Perfumers Workshop , smell like grandmas . Admittedly I am older , in my early 40s but I 've always adored the scent of roses and sought to wear it . In the last few years the perfume trend has young girls and women reaching for those syrupy-sweet fruity florals and sugary gourmand fragrances . It seems that single note rose would fit right in ! Are you listening Aquolina and Juicy Couture gals ? Roses are indeed sweet.The Arabian Wild Rose is gorgeous as well but I have n't worn it enough to give it as detailed description . From my first encounter with it though it will not disappoint . Now , one other annoyance , the absence of the Sudanese Black Rose . That was the one I most wanted to try ! It sounds so dark and mysterious I could n't wait to smell it . Oh well , they did include a sample of Persian Rose and it 's definitely on my must-buy list . It is less sweet -LRB- but still sweet -RRB- and spicier than the other two roses . It 's very complex and almost smells as if there are other flowers blended in . Carnation ? Neroli ? I 'm not sure what is adding the slightly earthy spice but it is delightful !
 Wow !! Not only did these come in a nice box nestled in beautiful dried mini rose buds , they sent additional samples with it ! Best experience I 've had in awhile ! Thanks so much !
 Well , this was the first time I ordered from Attar Bazaar and my shipment came all tucked in with beautiful ribbons on the top !!! The first oil I tried was the Egyptian Sandalwood and boy !!! I tell you the oil was just heavenly !!! I cant wait to try the whole package . My husband came home and he was full of compliments on my perfume !! Love it , love it , love it . Get it , get it , and get some more !!!!!!
 I bought EARLY TAN in Normal/Combination Skin formula and I can tell you that it provides good coverage but not without being weighty and heavy . Some people like that . I find I can only wear it during the winter . -LRB- During the summer it makes my skin break out -RRB- I have n't noticed any moisturizing feature , although it 's heavy enough that it provides some protection against the harsh winds of winter.It 's a good product if you like heavier coverage.Pam T ~
 I have been using this product for a few years now and really like it . The price was better than I could find anywhere . My first shipment was not packed correctly but the second shipment was great . Amazon is good about credits for broken items .
 This foundation is incredibly moisturizing , unusual since it is the normal/combo skin formula . It is more moisturizing than the formula for dry skin . I think the dry skin formula has more `` botafirm '' that tends to lift , yet can be drying to the skin . I would recommend the normal/combo formula to anyone who has very dry skin like myself . Very satisfied .
 Every since my mandarin vanilla was discontinued . This one takes its place hands down . Its soft and a little sweet , with a little amber and citrus that keeps you smelling great all day . This is truely one of my favorites . Now how can a girl get a bigger bottle ?? Lol
 This has been the best foundation for me for the past few years . Though keep things in consideration : - If you can , find it at a beauty store where they have samples to match you with a color . There are yellow based -LRB- Y -RRB- and red based -LRB- R -RRB- colors . It 's important to get the best color for your skin . - Shake it a lot !!! Especially in the beginning . Anyone who says this foundation does n't work well just did n't shake it long enough . - The main way to use it is to actually spray it on your face - but I do n't do this anymore . I shake it well and spray it into my hand and put it on with my fingers . Sometimes I 'll mix it with my lotion . Doing this works really well for me , especially over a primer . And you can use whatever is left in your hand to go over any spots that need concealing -LRB- under eyes , blemishes , etc -RRB- . - Yes , it is pricey but one bottle of this has lasted me about 8 months -LRB- using the method of spraying into my hands instead of directly on my face -RRB- . Well worth the price !
 this is a great foundation if you hate wearing makeup - it 's light and gives amazing coverage . it does give you a very matte finish , so if you have dry skin it 's best to moisturize well before applying or you may get a little flaky . also , a little goes a long way . the reason i gave it 4 stars is i wish they would would add a bit of scent to it - and the cap for the bottle is really too tall .
 This makeup goes above an beyond it 's duty ! It was recommended to me by a dermatologist ; in fact , that was where I bought my first product . It is a little pricey for 2.5 oz. , but it lasts forever since you use only a small bit each time . I highly recommend this makeup .
 Light and Airy foundation . Easy to apply , takes about 10 seconds once you get the hang of it . Great on a sponge for a quick cover up on blemishes . Wears well in hot summer months .
 As the title says my wife loves it . She says it is easy to apply and lasts all day without any problems .
 Lancome Hypnose mascara is simply the best . I have long eyelashes , but they are blonde and thin on the ends . This mascara makes them look Hollywood Glam and I will never use another mascara .
 Yes , it 's expensive but it is a quality product . I 've tried many other mascara 's out there and this is the absolute best !
 I have tried every mascara that has probably been made ; from the low cost to very expensive and found this one to be the best . It goes on great and even - ample coverage without clumping -LRB- unless you keep caking it on -RRB- and adds a bit of curl to the lash . -LRB- I also use a warmed eyelash curler on my lashes after applying mascara -RRB- Whatever you do , do NOT buy the new Lancome mascara that is coming on the market for all in December that `` vibrates '' and is supposed to make for better lashes . It does not - one of my girlfriends tried that one against her mascara -LRB- one on each eye -RRB- and neither of us could tell which was which . Other than that I love a lot of Lancome products and use Clinique , Bare Minerals , and some other brands but Lancome Hypnose is definitely my pick for a great mascara !
 Nyx megashines are my all time favorite low end lip gloss . Revlon superlustrous are second . There are so many shades and finishes to choose from and they have a creamy consistency and great wear time . I also love the scent . To me they smell like sour cherries or sweet tarts . I absolutely love this product .
 I really really like this product . The exfoliators are abrasive enough to make it feel like they 're doing something , but not enough to make it feel like your skin is being ripped off . No greasiness after use , either . The smell is light , pleasant and fades away quickly . The only bad thing I can say about this scrub is that it 's quite solid , so you have to run it under hot water to soften it up and make it easier to squeeze out of the tube . I use it in the shower , so this is quite easy to do . I highly recommend this exfoliant .
 I 've used several scrubs and this one is my favorite . Not too harsh but exfoliates well enough to give my skin a nice healthy glow . I do n't even use a separate facial cleanser anymore ! It 's all in one . The scent is very pleasant and refreshing . Well worth the price .
 This scrub is so gentle and it leaves your skin so soft . I use the A D E creamy cleanser from Earth Science everyday and then this facial scrub once a week to remove dead skin cells . Although this scrub is all in one I enjoy the creamy cleanser daily since the scent and texture is like peach yogurt . I also use the Almond Moisturizer SPF 15 ... these are all from Earth Science . I have used so many beauty products from department stores , Spas and etc. . . and it all comes down to this line of products . They are excellent and free from so many toxins and chemicals from other beauty products ... I highly recomment this line .
 i ca n't say enough good things about this set of crabtree and evelynn products!this combination of hand soap and lotion is just what i need after a long day of gardening . it sooths the skin , smells wonderful , and gives lasting relief to my nicked up garden hands . the shea butter is the key -LRB- I think -RRB- . it gives the lotion a long lasting silky feeling.if you look through the product guide you 'll also see that this set is a great value . sold separately these products cost almost double and you do n't get as much lotion as you would when purchasing this set . as an extra value you get a niffty caddy to keep your `` treasures '' right near your sink so it is always handy , so to speak.i have given sets of this product to my friends and family and they are all addicted to crabtree and evelynn now , so now when i order.i order in bulk!i have n't found a crabtree and evelynn product i do n't like ! i am a total devota ' and know i can always count on amazon to supply my addiction for crabtree and evelynn products.keep up the good work amazon !
 The nicest hand cream I 've ever tried and I have tried them all . It 's $ , but I 'm worth it !
 I love this great unscented set . Great for anyone who works out in the yard or a great gift for any special gardener in your life .
 I love this great unscented set . Great for anyone who works out in the yard or a great gift for any special gardener in your life .
 I have 2 bottles of this perfume and it is a great scent . It is a fruity scent but not overly done . I really like the bottle too !
 Fudge One Shot is an excellent product . It will make your hair feel healthy and the frizzies are gone . Easy to apply - just shake and spray on , leave in - Fabulous !
 If you require light coverage this is the product for you . It does take a minute to figure out how to apply . If you have a makeup artist or a daughter or sister with you they can spray directly on your face . If you are alone this is a very wasteful and messy way to apply . I spray a small bit on a CD player cover and quickly using a brush or sponge dip in and apply to my face . All over or just where I need the coverage . The color selection is good unlike Dior 's product , which is a good product but comes in a limited range of color . I will purchase this product again .
 I had been looking for this product for so long after seeing it on What Not to Wear . I was looking for something to even out skintone and wearable all day . This is a good product for older women who tend to perspire during the day as it stays on .
 I wish I would have gotten the right shade . It 's a bit dark for my skin . This is the problem with buying foundation on line instead of at the department store . You can try them there . It also is a bit tricky , so do n't spray too much . It also leaves a film on everything around , so be careful . It does n't do anything to hide wrinkles .
 I was diagnosed with an auto-immune disease 12 years ago , one year later I had to have a full hysterectomy . Between these two conditions , and having to take steroids in addition to the hormones and too many other drugs , I was miserable and had pretty much given up being able to wear makeup . Other than mascara and a little lip color/gloss , everything just sweated right off . The auto-immune disease has affected my skin in a few spots , two on my face and one on my neck , plus some on my arms . One on my forehead and the one on my neck are quite noticable . Depressing , to say the least . Cover-up-type makeup was way too heavy and looked just awful . But ERA -LRB- I bought the primer and the foundation -RRB- is a God send . As soon as I got it I actually sprayed it at my face , but it got everywhere all in my hair , and made it stiff like hairspray . I 'm not supposed to actually use sprays of any kind so that was kind of stupid of me , anyway . So I read the instructions -LRB- ! -RRB- and used a natural sponge , and it is light and sheer but covers and blends beautifully . It stays on and lasts . I feel like I look pretty again .
 I am 42 years old and have dealt with acne for the last 20 + years . It is now under control and I was looking for a foundation that would give me great coverage while still having a light feel to it . This is it ! Some have mentioned that it is too expensive but you get what you pay for . I have learned that foundation is not an area to skimp on . And this foundation last me for 4-5 months at a time . That is hardly a financial hardship with all things considering . You must buff this makeup after you put it on . I use a a foundation brush to do this . The stuff stays put all day and I have yet to have one single break out since using it . Other than monthly type issues . I will never put anything else on my face again .
 I am very pleased they send me the product that was right for me . I will keep buying my makeup from them from now on .
 ERA Face Foundation is the best ! I just wish I could afford it - ha ! I use it only on special occasions . It goes on like a dream - velvety smooth like buttah . And it disappears into the skin without any trouble . I 'd buy it again . In fact if everyone bought this product maybe , just maybe they 'd reduce the price ?! Or at least offer free shipping .
 I have had problem skin for the first half of my twenties and it has only recently started clearing up . I can say from experience that this product works very well not only for full coverage over problem skin but even over clear skin to just even skin tone.It does n't ever feel cake-ey or heavy and it lasts all day . Even if I end up having to sleep with it on one night it does n't leave my skin feeling grimey the next day -LRB- do n't do it too many days in a row though , always always cleanse your skin at night girls !!! -RRB- Sure it 's a little more expensive , but it lasts longer and feels better on your skin than any department store or drug store brand .
 I was a little wary to spend this much money on foundation but my wedding is coming up and I want flawless skin ... so I tested it out the other day and WOW ! I had absolutely flawless skin !! It was amazing ! I have a tendency to get this rash on the sides of my face due to my very sensitive skin and this covered it up 100 percent ! I am more than pleased with this product , it is well worth the money !! I HIGHLY recommend !
 My challenge
 expensive item , but well worth it . leaves my faces looking flawless . it also shipped here very quickly.thank you .
 fast shippping ! item as described . very happy with the item . absolutely love this makeup . dont need concealer , or powder foundation with it . it 's all in one ! great for oily skin .
 I have been using classified cosmetics for about a year and I am very satisfied with this light weight , water based foundation . I would suggest this product to anyone who wants great coverage but does not like to feel like they are wearing heavy make-up . Also for those who watch the television show ` What Not To Wear ' , this is the foundation used by Carmendy , the make-up artist .
 I initially left negative feedback for the Earth Beauty Store since the product I ordered came to me without the store packaging . The seller immediately responded and explained what had happened , along with their apologies and offer to make amends . I very much appreciate dealing with sellers such as Earth Beauty Store and will purchase from them again , no worries . Of all the shady vendors out there it 's nice to know this is one you can absolutely count on . Many thanks !
 This is an expensive foundation but well worth it . I will never switch to any other brand . Product is light on the skin , covers discoloration but does not look like you are wearing make up !
 This has to be the very best makeup I 've ever used . I 'm 56 and it leaves my face looking flawless . A bit pricey , but a can lasts a very long time . Very easy to apply and blends beautifully .
 I have used this product for years . I always purchased it at Dillard 's but Dillard 's stopped carrying this cosmetic line a couple of years ago . I was lost ! Now I can order it on-line . No hassels , priced right and and I know when I can expect to receive it .
 Makes your eyelids feel very smooth and wrinkle free . You can wear it alone or put on eyeshadow and see a beautiful flawless lid . Takes 10 years off your eyelids . The only thing that was disappointing was that the tube is quite small .
 This stuff is tops , especially if you have acne scars like me . One must shake it for a bit to get the best mix , but it 's a minor effort for the results . Do n't over spray , it 's wasteful -LRB- $ -RRB- and looks bad . After using the first bottle , I got a good rythmn going for my needs . I 've tried every foundation under the sun and nothing looks as natural and flawless as ERA . I still use a bit of cover up underneath on trouble spots , but ERA does a great job of blending . I tried R4 first , BIG no no for me . If you 're fair at all use R2 , if you go tanning alot then use R4 . Even R2 is n't as light as it looks !
 Since I discovered this foundation , I wo n't use anything else . It 's extremely light ; gives flawless coverage and does n't irritate my very sensitive skin . Can you get better than this ?
 I love this stuff ! I have a lighter color now and just ordered a little darker shade for summertime . I am a Casino Slot Technician and we do a lot of running around . Being older I also find myself in the middle of a busy night and hot flashes too ! Regular foundation did n't stay put if I perspired , this spray foundation does and looks great doing it . You need so little that the can lasts a real long time . I have applied it dozens of time and the can is still full.I apply it with a sponge like Carmendy on `` What not to Wear '' does . That 's how I found this product . She has used it on several occasions and , while they do n't endorse products by name , I found it by the fact it was waterproof and the look of the tall silver can.If you are still using the same type of makeup you did in high school you might just want to update your routine . The new make up products are incredible . This evens out the color of my skin without looking like it 's there . I think they would sell much more of this if they sold little sample spray cans so people could try it for themselves .
 I am 55 and this is the best foundation ! I spray one time on a make-up sponge and apply . It evens out skin tone and looks great . Not heavy or made up . I was n't sure which shade to buy - I have red undertones that I want to hide . So I got the light and medium . The light is all I need . Medium makes you look like you have a tan - not what you want in winter . But I live in the South and will keep it for Spring and Summer . I Love This Product ! The price is worth it .
 I bought this foundation for my wife after she asked me about an infomercial she saw about an `` airbrush '' makeup system . I googled it and found that it was just another inferior product , but while researching this I came across Classified 's foundation and so I bought it for my wife.My wife is from South America and she 's a mix of a few races so her skin color is somewhat unusual , but this foundation has several color shades available and I found one that matched her PERFECTLY.When this came to my home I gift-wrapped it , but my wife was more than a little skeptical when she opened the present . She had to try it -LRB- after all , I had gone to all this trouble , right ? -RRB- and she absolutely LOVES it . She has mentioned to me on several occasions how she thinks this stuff is the bomb and the other day I got a huge kiss because of this gift . -LRB- Grins -RRB-
 Expensive but seriously worth every penny ! The first time I used this product I knew it was a keeper . The application was so easy and did n't take long at all . My skin is a bit blotchy and this makeup gave my face a smooth flawless look and the best part is that I do n't even have to use concealer anymore it is that good . -LRB- well except for the days when I have n't gotten enough sleep the night before . -RRB- I 've tried all types of foundation from the expensive department store brands to the more common drug store brands and none of them compare to this .
 Although pricey , this is a wonderful makeup/foundation . It lightens shadows , evens tones and looks natural , not painted on , easy to use.My mistake was getting a tan , so that I ca n't use it until the Big Chill -LRB- and sense -RRB- return . Next summer I may be plush enough to get the tan shades .
 Love , Love , Love this product !!! It is very even & light coverage , it is so natural as well . It has vitamins & other good ingrediants for your skin . I 've always had slightly dry skin , but since changing to this make-up my skin is always nice & soft . I also never break out . I used to have a slight break out during that FAVORITE time in each month , but now I have beautiful skin all month long !! Definately worth the buy you 'll look forward to applying your make-up with this stuff !!! Also , the seller was fantastic ! I had my product within about 2 days and it was accurate & just as promised !!! You just ca n't go wrong !!
 Really nice scent . Good size bottle for the money . Smells really nice and sexy . Have had a lot of compliments
 This is a wonderful and sweet scent . But not a fruity sweet scent . It is very hard to find in the stores . Got it as a gift for a dear friend and she loves it of course .
 I have been wearing this scent for years and love it . I constantly get compliments from friends and even people I do n't know who ask me what perfume I 'm wearing . Department stores no longer carry it so I 'm happy it 's still available from Amazon .
 This is my favorite perfume , and purchased it knowing the previous poor reviews , because it was the least expensive . It arrived just as previous reviews said-with a cardboard cover over the sprayer , and a sticker that said tester on it . I 'm not overly happy about it , but at least you can tell it 's never been used . It smells exactly as it should , and I saw no reason to pay 70 $ just so I could have the topper . If I need one that badly , I will take it off the bottle that is almost empty .
 Realities by Liz Claiborne is one of my most favorite fragrances . I get many compliments from both genders . I ordered this fragrance and one other and they were packaged with such care and arrived ahead of scheduled delivery . This will be one vendor that I would purchase from again .
 This perfume , I read somewhere , that it leaves a sweet fragrance on you , but it is anything but sweet smelling . It smells quite sharp with a major scent of lilac and lillies of the vally , plus other scents which I can not tell , and also it smells kind of common . I like triangular bottled `` Liz Claibourne perfume '' better than this one . I wish it were flowery-sweet smelling -LRB- not to be confused with cotton-candy or sugar sweet -RRB- , just the way I like perfumes on me , so that I do n't get a headache . Do n't get me wrong it smells very good and very flowery but not sweet like I thought it would be after reading some reviews . I will try it again in another season of the year -LRB- because I like certain perfumes different times of the year , kind of by season -RRB- , and I hope I will feel good wearing it at that time , but for this season I will put it aside and I will stick to my sweet-fragranced perfumes -LRB- e.g. Curious , Incanto Shine , Incanto Bliss , orange-blossom perfumes , etc. -RRB- Well I am not too unhappy about purchasing this perfume , cause if I do n't like it in any season , it will become a great gift for one of the women in my family who like flowerry-sharp scents , plus this perfume was a great price , and it is nicely bottled .
 I bought this eyeliner from GloMinerals and I buy every make up item I own from this brand . My facialist recommened it to me . She says it has a lot of vitamins . So . . I trust this product . It stays on for a good 6 hours without smudges .
 Great to use at the waterline to look more awake . Soft and gives a perfect color . I 'll definitely buy this again : -RRB-
 This is one amazing product by the GloMinerals line . I have read only good things about this brand so I decided to give a try , starting with the eye make-up and so glad that I did . So I think that I 'll try the lipstick the next time .
 This is my first time using Gloprecision Eye Pencil and I can say that this works much better than the other brands I 've used . I will definitely buy it again . Also , I did n't have to wait long to receive the item . The item arrived fast . This eye pencil does not irritate my skin and I have a very sensitive skin . I am very happy with my Gloprecision Eye Pencil .
 This is my third time buying this product and now I have decided to write how great this product is . It is so easy to use and much better than the ones I have used before that i was used to buying at the expensive malls . It goes on perfect and stays all day , comes off easy at night . I will definately order again and again from Day by Day Beauty . Love , love this product !!!
 The eye pencil goes on smoothly and lasts very well . Another reviewer -LRB- under another vendor -RRB- said it did not last so I was skeptical about buying it but decided to take a chance . I have found that it does stay on quite well . I would buy it again . Plus this vendor had the charcoal color which the other vendor did not have .
 Best product I know of for shaving bumps ! Great for women and men , face and body ! A little sting when applied after shaving , but worth it ! Use moisturizer after continous use of this product !
 Just received this product and could not be happier . This is a top-quality magnifying mirror , with enough surface area to see your entire face at once on the 5X side . -LRB- The other side is 10X , but 5X is frightening enough ! LOL . Get ready to see your skin up close ! -RRB- It could not be easier to install , either . Just stick the suction cups to your bathroom mirror and slide the base in . The sturdy flexible neck gives you great control over positioning.Overall , a fabulous product .
 The mirror seems to work fine on the 5X side . I switch to the 10X and it works but is a little distorted . For me I like the way it mounts because it is simple . This has a backing plate that 3 suction cups mount to which is the base . The mirrors has a threaded chrome goose neck that thread into the back side of each mirror . Choose which side you prefer and the side you are not using slides into the mounting base . pretty simple set up .
 I do n't remember ordering this one . I may have ordered it for someone else . I do n't have it and ca n't remember ordering it .
 great flexibilityeasy to pack for travelit is the perfect mirror to have for those up close needs when applying makeup !
 I love this mirror and had bought it once before but I 'm afraid it got broken . I never thought I would be able to replace it because I could not find it in any store . Finding it on Amazon was great .
 Now I do n't have to lean over the countertop see something close up . Like a rogue hair , or even putting on makeup . My vision is such that I ca n't see distance . When looking in a mirror-the distance is double what it would be . I love that I can use either side I need to . I highly recommend it ! It is good that it has 3 suction cups in case 1releases unexpectedly .
 Great experience.The goose neck mirror is fantastic , very easy to install.The suction cups are very good quality and the magnifiyng mirrors as well . It fixed steadly to my vanity mirror and I can use both sides very easily without moving the base . Excellent solution if you do n't want to damage your walls or tiles to install others with hardware.I got it at home in perfect condition . I payed for an stantard delivery and i got it before time . Customer service 5 stars !!!!
 Bought this item because I have a hard time seeing close up . Like the way the suction cups work and how the mirror has 5X and 10X . This mirror is great !!!!
 I searched for this product needing a replacement for the unit I left in a hotel . The product was an exact replacement . The mirror is convenient and is perfect for my needs . The supplier delivered the mirror promptly even ahead of its promise date . I am well pleased with the product and the supplier .
 My girlfriend is getting into her 40-somethings and would complain about not having enough light to put her makeup on . Decided to get this mirror for her and she totally loved it . It was the perfect gift . It is two mirrors in one - 5X and 10X . It also attaches to mirror or stands on the vanity counter . She raves about it everyday !!
 I love this mirror ! Quality is great , size and functionality are perfect for me . The suction cup option helps when applying makeup , I have a hard time seeing up close so this is my new bestie in the morning ! -LRB- must be the lighting , not my age ... . Well worth the price , I would recommend this to friends and family .
 Bought one of these at a store for our vacation condo but could n't find it in the stores in our hometown . Glad Amazon carries it . The 10x mirror is what I need as my eyesight is n't what it used to be . I suction this mirror to my bathroom mirror for convenience , but it easily comes out of it 's holder for use on the counter , or anyplace else for that matter , when needed . Love it .
 This mirror is everything I expected , love the fact that it suctions to any mirror , the 10X is just what I need . It is portable for travel , as well . Happy it arrived quickly .
 I love this mirror . Ordered it to replace one I had spent twice as much on years ago , which kept falling off the bathroom mirror and finally got so scratched and broken I needed to order a new one . I took this new mirror out of the box , stuck it to the bathroom mirror and it 's been there for over a week now . Love the way it flips around easily for putting on makeup or tweezing . I 'm ordering another one as a gift .
 This is my 3rd zadro double vision vanity mirror and I am never disappointed . It shows very clearly on the 10x side , to be able to tweeze eyebrows easily and the other side is perfect for applying make-up .
 I had a similar mirror before , but this one mounts better and does not fall out of the mount like the last one I had ... somewhat expensive compared to others but this is larger -LRB- some are very small ! -RRB- and well worth it !
 I purchased this mirror for my college-age daughter . The magnification is great and it attaches to a mirror with a suction cup , but I did n't realize when I ordered it that it 's not a lighted mirror . The only light is the available lighting in the room in which it is used . She uses it on the bathroom mirror and on her bedroom dresser mirror .
 What is totally fabulous about this mirror is that you can stand it on a counter or attach it -LRB- with the suction cup holder -RRB- at any level on your bathroom mirror . No matter if you are very tall or very short , the mirror will always at the correct level.When I left the suction cup holder in a hotel room I contacted Zadro and they sent me a replacement within days .
 Now every woman in my family has a Zadro mirror ! These mirrors are FABULOUS ! Once you have used one you ca n't imagine doing anything else without it ! You can see every pore and wrinkle on your face ... kinda scary at first ! It is a truly WONDERFUL product !
 Exactly what my wife and I were looking for . Works great but could have done without the plastic bracket that we will not use .
 Purchased this item as a gift for my mother in law . She was looking for a 10X magnifying mirror . She loves it !
 I bought this mirror for my neices and they both loved them . No complaints , and said all their friends loved it !
 I was glad to find a good quality mirror with 10X vision . Saved me a lot of time as they are not easy to find .
 This 5X and 10X mirror is the most useful gadget I have ever had . I dropped the one I used daily , breaking the mirror -LRB- yikes ! -RRB- and I had to order a replacement mirror immediately ! This is a great product .
 Gave this to my sister as a gift after she saw mine while visiting . She also loves it . Perfect for everyday home use . Stays attached to my mirror 24/7 . Perfect for placing in suitcase between layers of clothes . Takes up no room . However , do not over bend the flexible support while storing . I keep the flexible support in the straight position and place some clothes under the support and some clothes over the support . Have owned mine for 3 years .
 Bought this mirror as a make-up mirror . I do not mount it to a wall but use it on a table top as I apply my make-up . It has a mirror on each end of the pliable gooseneck . I use it by standing it on one mirror and using the other end . Easily adjustable to use either end . The optics on this mirror are good and there is a very small distortion at the very end . Some of the mirrors I looked at were distortion free only in the exact center , but this mirror is not like that . I have been using this for about a month now and have no complaints !
 Great mirror for putting on makeup and plucking eyebrows . The mirror attaches with suction cups to my large mirror and is easy to remove to switch magnifications . Worth the money .
 My husband starting using the old magnifying mirror that I had attached to my side of our large bathroom mirror . But since he is almost a foot taller than I am , he repositioned the mirror every time he used it . So I purchased the Zadro Double Vision Vanity Mirror . WOW ! It sticks to my big mirror in it 's suction cup base , and can easily be switched from the 5X power to the 10X . Or I can lift it out of the base and use it on the counter . I moved the old mirror to my husband 's side , but I think he figured out that my new one is better !
 Max Factor creme puff pressed powder makeup to me is the best on the market today . I am 73 years old and with no wrinkles on my face , this powder just glides on . I love it .
 This is a great product and real mud . I have from some companies and gotten diluted or fake mud . This stuff is not diluted . Would buy again .
 The water filter in this device works much like a Brita filter -- with finely ground bits of coconut husk -LRB- and some other stuff , I think -RRB- . It 's a good , effective filter that produces better-smelling water immediately -LRB- nice especially when you 're taking a long soak in a tub -RRB- . It seems to work better with soap and shampoo as well . We 've gone through several of these over the last few years and will continue to replace the filters as needed .
 Wether your skin is dry , normal or oily , this is the `` soap '' for you . Loaded with moisturizing ingredients that get your skin ultra-clean , it does not strip out all your skin 's natural protection , leaving you feeling that your skin is stretched tight and ready to crack ! In the winter , when dry skin can be at its worst , Dove will give wonderful results.For that same reason , Dove is wonderful for hand-washing and in the shower . Great product !
 This is the only soap that I do n't seem to have problems with . It does n't dry or irritate my skin , even in winter . I 've stopped buying all other soaps and only use this . Its gentle enough for the whole family . I 've even given bars to family members to try . I highly recommend it !
 This is the only soap I can tolerate all the time . I have very sensitive skin and have been told to forget about perfumes and dyes . This works great in the shower as well as the bath . If you have a sensitive nose you will find that this bar does smell something -LRB- you wo n't be sure it 's that pleasant -RRB- but not perfume and it leaves nothing behind . So if you want to put on perfume for a special night , this is the prefect background .
 Dove Beauty Bars for sensitive skin makes great soap for the shower or even if you 're merely washing your hands . Although I personally consider this product to be soap , officially it 's a `` beauty bar '' substitute for soap in that it contains a good amount of moisturizing cream . Soap does n't always moisturize ; and so Dove tries to set their product apart from soap when they advertise the moisturizing abilities of their product . Rest assured , however , that you will find this item where the rest of the soap is stocked in your grocery store.These bars of soap are also completely unscented which makes them all the better for those of us with sensitive skin . They are also hypo-allergenic . The manufacturer also indicates on the package that these Dove unscented beauty bars for sensitive skin are dermatologist tested . Great!The bars of soap are rather large but they do n't slip out of your hands too easily ; the shape of the bar helps you hold onto it . The Dove unscented `` beauty bars '' do seem to truly help moisturize my skin when I use them to take a shower or wash my hands.Dove is a little more expensive than other soaps but many people like me swear it 's worth it . My best friend uses Dove religiously and he says it helps his sensitive skin a great deal . One reviewer wrote elsewhere that Dove soap is not particularly useful for acne ; but I can not personally comment on this because I do not have acne or other types of skin breakouts . I did notice , however , that two other people commented on that review and they stated that Dove soap did help them with their acne . If any skin condition is a concern for you , talk with your doctor or pharmacist before using this product.If you have any other questions about this product , Dove offers its customers -LRB- and potential customers -RRB- both a website and a toll free number . Excellent!Overall , I love these unscented Dove `` beauty bars '' for sensitive skin . They are a bit more costly ; but they are worth it if you want to truly pamper your skin in the shower or at the bathroom vanity sink . Pick up a package today and give yourself a little extra pampering !!! Enjoy !!!
 ERA Face Foundation is the best ! I just wish I could afford it - ha ! I use it only on special occasions . It goes on like a dream - velvety smooth like buttah . And it disappears into the skin without any trouble . I 'd buy it again . In fact if everyone bought this product maybe , just maybe they 'd reduce the price ?! Or at least offer free shipping .
 I have had problem skin for the first half of my twenties and it has only recently started clearing up . I can say from experience that this product works very well not only for full coverage over problem skin but even over clear skin to just even skin tone.It does n't ever feel cake-ey or heavy and it lasts all day . Even if I end up having to sleep with it on one night it does n't leave my skin feeling grimey the next day -LRB- do n't do it too many days in a row though , always always cleanse your skin at night girls !!! -RRB- Sure it 's a little more expensive , but it lasts longer and feels better on your skin than any department store or drug store brand .
 I was a little wary to spend this much money on foundation but my wedding is coming up and I want flawless skin ... so I tested it out the other day and WOW ! I had absolutely flawless skin !! It was amazing ! I have a tendency to get this rash on the sides of my face due to my very sensitive skin and this covered it up 100 percent ! I am more than pleased with this product , it is well worth the money !! I HIGHLY recommend !
 My challenge
 expensive item , but well worth it . leaves my faces looking flawless . it also shipped here very quickly.thank you .
 fast shippping ! item as described . very happy with the item . absolutely love this makeup . dont need concealer , or powder foundation with it . it 's all in one ! great for oily skin .
 I have been using classified cosmetics for about a year and I am very satisfied with this light weight , water based foundation . I would suggest this product to anyone who wants great coverage but does not like to feel like they are wearing heavy make-up . Also for those who watch the television show ` What Not To Wear ' , this is the foundation used by Carmendy , the make-up artist .
 I initially left negative feedback for the Earth Beauty Store since the product I ordered came to me without the store packaging . The seller immediately responded and explained what had happened , along with their apologies and offer to make amends . I very much appreciate dealing with sellers such as Earth Beauty Store and will purchase from them again , no worries . Of all the shady vendors out there it 's nice to know this is one you can absolutely count on . Many thanks !
 This is an expensive foundation but well worth it . I will never switch to any other brand . Product is light on the skin , covers discoloration but does not look like you are wearing make up !
 This has to be the very best makeup I 've ever used . I 'm 56 and it leaves my face looking flawless . A bit pricey , but a can lasts a very long time . Very easy to apply and blends beautifully .
 If you require light coverage this is the product for you . It does take a minute to figure out how to apply . If you have a makeup artist or a daughter or sister with you they can spray directly on your face . If you are alone this is a very wasteful and messy way to apply . I spray a small bit on a CD player cover and quickly using a brush or sponge dip in and apply to my face . All over or just where I need the coverage . The color selection is good unlike Dior 's product , which is a good product but comes in a limited range of color . I will purchase this product again .
 I had been looking for this product for so long after seeing it on What Not to Wear . I was looking for something to even out skintone and wearable all day . This is a good product for older women who tend to perspire during the day as it stays on .
 I wish I would have gotten the right shade . It 's a bit dark for my skin . This is the problem with buying foundation on line instead of at the department store . You can try them there . It also is a bit tricky , so do n't spray too much . It also leaves a film on everything around , so be careful . It does n't do anything to hide wrinkles .
 I was diagnosed with an auto-immune disease 12 years ago , one year later I had to have a full hysterectomy . Between these two conditions , and having to take steroids in addition to the hormones and too many other drugs , I was miserable and had pretty much given up being able to wear makeup . Other than mascara and a little lip color/gloss , everything just sweated right off . The auto-immune disease has affected my skin in a few spots , two on my face and one on my neck , plus some on my arms . One on my forehead and the one on my neck are quite noticable . Depressing , to say the least . Cover-up-type makeup was way too heavy and looked just awful . But ERA -LRB- I bought the primer and the foundation -RRB- is a God send . As soon as I got it I actually sprayed it at my face , but it got everywhere all in my hair , and made it stiff like hairspray . I 'm not supposed to actually use sprays of any kind so that was kind of stupid of me , anyway . So I read the instructions -LRB- ! -RRB- and used a natural sponge , and it is light and sheer but covers and blends beautifully . It stays on and lasts . I feel like I look pretty again .
